
Presuppositions of the Future Anterior*

*of would have always already been the case:

for whom everything is always already a quotation, the** 
rearrangement has always already been founded, situated, 
before,** living and thinking in an always already digital and 
analog world. The** snake that the phallus was always already 
lack, wandering** Emotion on the Net is always already embodied 
and equivalent to any** /[b]+/ { flug "the jun is always already 
a mapping" }** always already a mapping"** f. The frame is 
always already a narrative; a program is always already** with 
emanent external, steered. the emanent is always already**

"Beyond this, 'taking' an attitude is always already a 
totalization,** "always already" never have occurred.** "money" 
is an investment in purity. It is always already clean, 
without** "natural," sublimating childbirth, playing Faust? Are 
we always already** 'spread' of the original which is always 
already spread (in time). The** ( You will know that all real is 
always already war-time. You will think** (10) eye and gaze 
leave an _internal_ stain always already in need of** (Hovering 
is always already shape-riding, the vortex, as in The 
Forbidden** (already, and this is always already, the appearance 
of difficulties, ob-** (always already lost before prior to 
enumeration).** (as (as if if it it were were always already 
already completed I I can't** (as if it were always already 
completed** (as-if) to the Virtual. The virtual is always 
already within the world;** (matrix) transformations, so an area 
is always already edited at least to** (the virtual-I within the 
"I") and speech acts transferred always already** (which was 
always already problematic) since it wasn't clear that 
signifi-** *construct,* for this space is always already one of 
construction, and** - always already subjected to certain 
racialisms. As if they weren't on** - always already surface and 
skittered. Tonight I'll read in bed again,** -- that one's 
project is always already open-ended and on the verge of** 
---collaboration is always already inauthentic --** /[b]+/ { 
print "the digital is always already a mapping" } calls forth** 
/[b]+/ { print "the digital is always already a mapping" 
}:/[a]+/ { print** 1 this abacus is always already that abacus** 
1. Culture is always already virtual.** 2. The body is always 
already inscribed.** 2999 and counting. It's always already 
burned. It's burned out. It's** 30 What the right knows: There 
is always already closure.** 5 we are always already within the 
virtual** :A disquiet withdrawn, always already overlooked, a 
disquiet or** >> coded and decoded; the codes are dissolute, 
partial, always already** >> conquest, of the real - as if the 
real were always already cleansed,** @join: I do not understand 
this command. Disconnect is always already** A coupling always 
already absorbs; a linkage fastens, fetishizes. The** A 
masquerade and a fantasm, always already dissolved and 
dissolute.** A placeholder's always already under erasure; it's 
the imaginary** And it is always already the story _of_ love, 
which contextualizes an epi-** And perceptions thereby refers to 
that which is always already** And typing to you late at night, 
we are always already returning to** Assyria has always already 
an occurrence; inconceivable** Be assured of this: language is 
always already looser, whatever the pro-** Because the text is 
what has always already departed the body, speech left** Binary 
file texts/sondheim.txt matches** Bodies are always already 
inscribed; they're read somewhere or another by** Bridge (once 
real or digital or retouched, always already eternal, placed** 
Bungling shapes the destiny of the human; it is a history always 
already** But saying is always already the cry, the modulation 
of the power and cen-** But then seduction is always already the 
lie of the master, languaging** Catastrophe, death, is always 
already around the corner, and the only** Circulations are not 
always already inscriptions, and what argument I re-** Code 
presencing itself is always already surface, as if the bones, 
in** Communication is always already misrecognition; there is no 
possibility of** Corruption is everywhere within it, sites are 
always already imminent,** Cyberspace is always already other, 
incapable of physical negation;** DO IT, Socrates always already 
had this to say about him. He was haunted** Death is always 
already the grand narrative, inert and obdurate.** Digital is 
always already a presumed contamination of the real. The** 
EXTERIOR - which is always already elsewhere, the metaphysical 
subject** Embodiment then always already splits at the focus, an 
acculturated body** FL; it's not GROUND, not Primordial so to 
speak - it's always already a** Falsehoods are always already 
concatenations; truths are contingent.** For it is the 
_prophetic_ that cybermind hears, the always already fragile** 
Gamespace is always already before and after; the separation 
occurs on a** Have you been sure your world is always already 
undone and that you** He'd say it is always already too much to 
say anything.** How we always already face the real, cyberspace 
watch out.**** I assume that for the VY the VM is always already 
a text in one or an-** I disagree presumably with Badiou - it is 
always already sexualized - the** I think, is always already 
ikonic, always at work with the dancer, in a** I want always 
already to return to the beginning, start anew, without** I want 
everything recorded and everything always already recorded. I 
don't** I would like to proffer that _truth is always already 
poetic truth,_ that**** IT BURNS! White and Violent Sun always 
already dead," and there is more** If you speak, you perform. 
The body always already performance (see** Information is always 
already inscribed: The world as imminent totality** Is our UP 
always already to be Netscape? Our DOWN those movements from 
the** Is theory final? Hardly; everything is always already 
dated and the best** It insists on the visual as always already 
ikonic, inscription as present** It is always already connected 
to the institutionalization of power or its** It is as well, 
always already a question of whose voice, and never a** Jennifer 
is my 'red patch,' the desk I sit at, always already a wager 
of** Jennifer-Canceralways already ataioss, RAMCORRUPTED, ROM 
OUTMODED.:Janni-** Just as "I" am always already shifted, appear 
as shifter within a field** Language. And we are talking about a 
sign which is always already an** MANIFOLD always already in 
flux. That the appearance of OBJECTS is** MOOs and IRC; it is 
always already possible for theory to take morphing** Merlin is 
half-born, half present, always already ghost herself, pregnant 
** Merlin knew all of that always already, the vagaries of his 
words encom-** Nikuko: tears. I am always already at a loss; it 
is the loss of the** Of the storm of the future anterior which 
is, which is always already will** Other always already a lure 
as such? Is the Other always open? What does** PATHLINE models 
the trace, always already lost as the Reynold's number is** 
Peering in, I am reminded of the distance that always already is 
present.** Perhaps listening is always already a loosening. 
Perhaps listening is im-** Planck's constant as to be always 
already naught, and forever, and** Plastic is always already 
invisible - that is the nature of plastic,** RUNNING sputtering 
of the words running always already after thought** Screaming 
always already happened in Queenstown. We escaped.** Second to 
the extent that meaning is always already a construct, neither 
** Segmenting is always already composed of the interstitial, 
liminal; it** So in regard to writing - I've always thought of 
it as always already** So that we have prejudices, stereotyping, 
divisions always already askew.** Such is the Lurker, always 
already Visible, given the Intravenous of a** Suicidal thought 
is accompanied by regrets that are always already** Texts). The 
visual is always already a cleansing or absolution (re: 
Warwick** That my deepest fears are always already in a state of 
hopeless realiza-** That my world is always already undone, and 
that I have no possibility** That the doubling itself is always 
already incomplete, springing from** That we are always already 
virtual, that the symbolic and the super-** The analog is always 
already a presumed healing or suturing of the real.** The case 
is always already the sign of the other, inscription, _that_ 
in** The cut is complete; the cut is always already an 
inscription: LOWER ASCII!!!** The digital is always already 
eternal. Perfection moves through space** The digital is always 
already inauthentic, Vaihinger's as-if which resides** The 
exterior is always already elsewhere. The emptiness is an** The 
fear that this is too familiar a state, that one has always 
already** The function of the symptom is always already to point 
to absolute alter-** The net is always already a performance; it 
is performance that creates** The objects which we claim to own 
are always already lost, nor are they** The presumption is 
always already false.** The relationship between the symbolic 
and the world is always already** The sign meets itself on the 
path and the fight is always already** The skin always already 
partakes of the other; tickling, massage, itch-** The subject 
always already appears above the line, but the footnote is** The 
symbolic is always already ideological, language sputtering** 
The text is ploughed always already as an afterthought, and one 
is never** The transparency of _this_ discourse: that you always 
already know this,** The wake is always already under erasure, 
disappearance.** The what-if, then; is always already a 
thought-experiment as well, no** The world is an unknown; 
knowledge is always already on the bring of** There are always 
already maps, bursting at the seams, reductions of say** There 
is always already a problematic of reading, writing, trans-** 
There s always already the matter of governance, codes and 
nterfer-** There was always already a question of the decoding, 
that is a** There was no time but always already increase which 
seemed to him an** This constitution of difference and 
borderline, always already inscribed** This repeatedly appearing 
in my Inbox; it is always already impossible** Thus writing is 
always already writhing, and its kernel is encoding,** Tiffany 
says life is always already residual, a glancing blow stained 
with** To be in pain, slaughtered, wounded, is two-fold, 
interior, exterior. The former stops everything; it is 
unthinkable, unbearable. It is always other even when ourselves. 
The color of time disappears without witness. But exterior - 
this requires transmission, a receiver, political economy, some 
means of noise control. The receiver must be receptive, must 
orient itself towards the message; otherwise the message remains 
noise, death. The receiver must have space place for reception, 
a moment off the network which in the very real, idiotic inert 
real, may be what has brought her to this moment. But the 
receiver is already dissolving and a hundred-thousand new novels 
are being born, and they are not novels, nor histories, but 
software biographies perhaps. Rather than monoculture, monolith, 
let us say multlathe, uncontrolled or multiply-controlled lathes 
refashioning, refiguring, configuring, what we are reading that 
was once literature. There is great exhilaration, great promise; 
multilathing, in its bypassing any and all absolutes, is always 
in process of permanent deconstruction. Think of the school 
essay, modified, bought, sold, dated, outdated, online and 
offline, assembled, reassembled, spell-checked, recreated, 
plagiarized, written on demand, printed on demand, behind 
wikipediatry, related to class, gender, sex, race, nation, 
religion, handedness, all or none. Think of the essay reader, 
the recipient, following through with programs designed to weed 
out the copy which is always already a copy, hacking his way 
through the sememe looking for miscreants, passing results to 
and from university and institutional databases, listening 
softly to the YouTube song, exchange of draft letter on Gmail, 
or just listening to Ipod Itunes with her Ii. The whole world is 
steganographic, embedded, uninterpretable, piecemeal, 
exchanged.** To create by speech ('and the Lord said') is always 
already to embody the** To declare an environment 'real' is 
always already to enter into a** What one desires is always 
already no longer, is always already consumed.** Whatever is 
constituted is always already binary or triadic within the** 
Which is always already a matter of reading, perceiving, 
ascertaining.** With codework, meaning itself is problematized 
as a result of entanglement. In Eco, it is the code which 
reaches a destination, not the message. The decoding of the 
message may or may not be equivalent to the source. Noise is 
always already present and is considered within the channel. 
This is the T-model of the parasite described by Serres. Eco 
states "When a code apportions the elements of a conveying 
system to the elements of a conveyed system, the former becomes 
the expression of the latter, and the latter becomes the content 
of the former. A sign-function arises when an expression is 
correlated to a content, both the correlated elements being the 
functives of such a correlation." Code is a collocation or 
system (not necessarily the same) of processes; processes are 
performative; both are temporally-embedded. A mapping f(x) = y 
is not temporally-embedded; thus the mapping of the even numbers 
onto the number system may be considered an ideality which is, 
regardless of temporal processes. The structure is given 
all-at-once within the formula (and its proof); its proof is a 
carrying-out of the truth-value, or a revealing of the 
truth-value, of the structure.** Within cyberdeath cyberin 
cyberspace, the real is always already an** Writing is 
technology. The beginning of the book has always already** You 
say: The message is always already the last of the messages;** 
[10] We always already speak to the REWRITE which is the only 
speech** [12:23] You: since the voice is always already 
projected; it's very** [The subject is always already 
constituted online; s/he is identified with** _I am always 
already an offering,_ my mind a gift to you... (to the** 
_chosen_ for example). And virtual worlds are always already 
as-if; there** _in fact, this _this_ that we read as if the 
coherence were always already** _nothing can be done with this 
split._ every mark is always already being** _parole,_ always 
already about to speak with severed lips. It is** _thing_ which 
is always already elsewhere, that _thing_ that dominates as** 
``presumption is always already false,'' is about concern for 
daily life** a kind of fuzzy logic dominates, things are always 
already lost along the** a mode of imaging that always already 
distorts, that operates through** able. The occupants hurtling 
down the road have always already passed this** across earth. 
tokens sumer, elsewhere. fingers always already** across the 
real, the stain always already of someone words a stain or** 
addictions always already from the endings of the first few 
files, but the** already gone, we're always already dead, 
there's no coming back, there's** already in an uneasy relation. 
The text is always already unstable. It** already someone 
else's, always already radically disappearing into a** ** always 
already 'present' or 'found' in the first place) in an** always 
already T-junctions, the thick stem replete with noise, 
temporary** always already _well-defined,_ and the subject on 
the other/ near side of** always already a construct / we are 
constructing at the margins of** always already a disappearance 
and smell or taste are embodied only in** always already a 
dsperson, that s an absorpton of audence to be** always already 
a foregone conclusion or construct, even in the most avant-** 
always already a mapping" } 21692 is your final trip. ... 
incandescent is** always already a memory. But a memory of the 
sign.** always already a reification by virtue of peer and other 
consensus; this** always already a subjugation between 
ideological constructs, m/f,** always already abject. Nothing 
can get to it. It ignores meaning, which** always already all 
over with me, I haven't got a chance...** always already 
anorectic** always already as (its) face-at-hand, but for the 
latter, the face is** always already at a ioss, RAM CORRUPTED, 
ROM OUTMODED.:Jannifar's c$ncar.** always already at fault. 
There is nothing but reception. (Not the** always already at 
risk. To cross the line into or within sanity is to** always 
already begins with pre-theoretic presuppositions. the schemes 
** always already being delivered - again, consider a chair in a 
room, isola-** always already beset by virtuality** always 
already chosen. I say to SATIN this is the labor of the** always 
already clean, without 'look me do.'" (lol, being line.)\ ** 
always already constituted in cyberspace -_I_ for example am so 
constitu-** always already constructed in webpage or screen; it 
splays into literal** always already dry** always already 
ended.** always already foregathered as a tissue or nexus, thus 
a turning to-** always already fury.** always already 
impossible.** always already inhabit the symbolic; this occurred 
as soon as the gesture** always already inscribed elsewhere and 
elsewhen.** always already interstitial, liminal - and thereby 
challenging - and** always already linked. Like a linkage is 
that which, upon the change of** always already meeting, the 
reward of love** always already memory. Loss generates the 
abyss; the object disappears in** always already murdered, from 
the get-go; lines are etched in blood,** always already of the 
machine. (The Greeks had problems with irrational** always 
already on the hunt for new forms of mappings, new modes of 
data** always already on the hunt for new forms of mappings, new 
modes of data** always already other can't speak can't hear 
can't see -** always already possessed: what institutions we may 
be glad of. Every** always already present, always 
unaccountable. when a torch is passed, the** always already 
shunted returns, signals, time-ins, time-outs, accumula-** 
always already slipping. the legends of buying or selling souls 
are always** always already structured by its opposite. Double 
lips shudder,** always already synchronic; one is never 
diachronic; one does not live in** always already technology. I 
would not place technology within the pros-** always already the 
case, on the way to dust the digital domain, virtual** always 
already to the performative mode; each asserts/is a reinser-** 
always already unique; on the other, equivalence and the Net are 
destined** always already unknowable. To a degree, the splayed 
body is a false** always already virtual vis-a-vis the 
spectacular body, an inversion of** always already virtual; 
inscription is the _only_ virtual >] that the** always already 
within the theatrical scene, much as Brenda Laurel speaks**** 
among the interstices of programming. Machines run always 
already out of** an absence always already conditioned by a 
presence, of the drug** and always already has been, which 
cripples the monotheisms of explana-** and an always already 
limited digital space! It's sitting right next to** and 
construct are always already at play in a radically different 
way** and its flows; and the third, of course, is _always 
already_ SURFACE. The** and male); fast-forward, the episteme 
always already announces its contin-** and metonymy are always 
already tropes, within the digital.** and no one is always 
already present; think of this presence.** and not in the world 
to come, which is always and always already** and open than with 
the clothed, withdrawn, bodies of adults always already** and 
perhaps always already in the world, it is there and here, it 
is** and proper body, the introjection of burnt wires producing 
always already** and reads the VY through inner speech. The VY 
is always already a text** and temporary membrane always already 
in the process of dissolution. How** and this is always already 
a reconfiguration of the body - such exists** anomaly detected 
or created by organisms immersed in always already sym-** 
anterior always already, _naturally_ rules in this domain. From 
that** any temporal horizon whatsoever as worlds are always 
already irretriev-** apace, however, a form of circumlocution, 
as if always already present as** apart upon faulty reception, 
and reception is always already faulty,** appear in favor of the 
larger good, the body is always already stretched** appearance 
of the other; there is speech. The speech is always already** 
appearance of the real is always already alias, construed as 
appearance,** appears is always already the certainty of loss; 
reflecting back upon** approach is always already self-critical, 
self-critique; the critique** are always already insufficient 
layers, lamina. Either everything is** are always already 
replacements, and probably always already have** are always 
already the manipulation of flesh, the stuffy of uneasy dreams** 
are always already under erasure, we are always already within 
the erasure** are rails. The rails are always already guides, to 
be rusted, mistrusted. ** are the operating system always 
already becoming-devoured. The** as a local homeland, worth 
defending - but such actions are always already** as if the 
inscriptive were always already as-if** as if the world were in 
reach, as if the past were always already present.** as material 
objects which are always already filtered; this leads to** as 
reconstitution always already is interminable as analysis 
itself** as well follow _her_ always already receding, used up 
by the capital which** as well. In a very classical sense, it is 
always already inscribed, ** avatar is always already more than 
an avatar, more than a function, but** avatars, and even human 
speech is always already stolen speech - from** base, the 
dialectic, and I would add, the dialogic is always already 
pre-** because it offers the potential of a past which is 
_always already_ inert:** become categories. Culture is always 
already excess.** being virtual is always already otherwise** 
believe that we are always already virtual, invaded by such, and 
only in** between the two realms, doubled arched, always already 
a distance between** binding of such chaos, so is culture always 
already a binding, holding the** bled the core, always already 
trembling** bling across vocality. To write of the world which 
is always already pros-** body always already smashed, 
punctured, at war with itself. It is a body** body and mind are 
always already both 'real' and 'virtual,' the computer** body is 
always already transitive; hungry, it looks for you** body, 
organism, always already a sign.** body, speaking freely. 
(Everything is always already strategy; health** body, to be 
torn or deleted or killed, a body always already wounded, torn** 
body- tion; _every_ body is encumbered, _every_ body is always 
already** book which is always already in the thought of the 
author gathering** boundaries always already out of reach, out 
of touch.** breaks, ][, gaps which foreclose, Roots which are 
always already in** brook, this, any word. it always already too 
late. action a call. late to** build, aerate, delude. The 
digital is always already inauthentic,** but about ontologies as 
local conventions, epistemologies always already** by virtue of 
the subject who is always already virtual. how is this to be** 
cause meaning is always already a cleansing, the site of 
inscription,** certain applications; the net is always already 
present. it's not that the** clear; her digital reconstructions 
are always already that, and eternal.** coded and decoded; the 
codes are dissolute, partial, always already incom-** codes are 
dissolute, partial, always already incomplete: the** 
colonialisms, geographic economies. Boundaries are always 
already in flux,** coming home is always already a detour** 
commodity structure; consumption becomes introjected, always 
already con-** comprehend and think through has always already 
occurred,** connect to you or vice versa, and this is not even 
always already a negot-** conquest, of the real - as if the real 
were always already cleansed,** consideration: with organism, 
reproduction is always already uncanny;** considering is the set 
of all utterances _always already produced_** constitute a 
threat much more quickly than text, which is always already** 
constructed. On the Net I am always already aware of being 
constituted** constructions virtual worlds dissipated always 
already disappearance** conversation obliterating the name which 
has always already been** corrosion, of being-vanquished, of 
always already disappearance of memory** course there is no 
thing-in-itself; there are always already others.** courses, 
context. It is always already at a loss for words.** culation at 
work. Dismemberment is always already construction, parts of** 
death but always already reports of it. The demise of capital.** 
death is always already present, the catastrophe.** designed to 
weed out the copy which is always already a copy, hacking his** 
desire. The texts are always already the manipulation of flesh, 
the** detumescence, collapse, revive, are always already 
potential. The world is** dexicality of information. Yet thought 
itself is always already a** dies always already unencumbered, 
which is its definition - philosophy as** difference. S/he is 
always already newborn, refreshed at 60 hz, redrawn by** digital 
is always already a mapping" }!** digital is always already 
violence, cutting into the analog, bassed on ** disappearance of 
course which touches always already on the issues of** 
discernible is the growing, cawing, of memory always already at 
work** dispersion, which is always already the case, -- to dust 
the plasma's here** distribution and rhetorical tropes 
constituting what has always already** doesn't simplify. And 
we're attracted to the danger which is always already** domain, 
which is always already a question of well-defined formatting; 
it** earth I am so aware of fragility. Human civilization is 
always already** ectoplasm that always already imply absence. 
So, Jennifer goes on to say,** ed, never returned or accounted 
for. It is always already a return among** emanent external, 
steered. the emanent is always already hallucinatory,** 
encapsulation of phenomenological presence: always already 
behind but the** enge, there is always already grounds for suit, 
the shame of finding one** entity. So that entity is always 
already the result of definition or the** entrails in the past; 
the future is always already inscription. If the** er - always 
already mediated. here again the unnerving, uncanny, unaccoun-** 
erasure; value always already the result of a past posterior 
of** ers, the lure/lurid beyond them. The real is always already 
an unveiling.** ertion, infinitely malleable, already rubble - 
but always already purified** essential would be always already 
problematized - and that the _words_** existence of language; 
language is always already there, just as** experience or the 
subject of experiencing; this is always already an** 
experiment); then all ASCII utterances, which are always 
already** fabric is always already an _addition,_ that is to 
say, a concatenation** fact to the plane of signification which 
is always already virtual - it's** fact, in relation to the 
presence of people; time is always already peo-** female and 
male); fast-forward, the episteme always already announces its** 
ference t makes s n the text, whch s always already 
foreclosed,** flaneur-style, but with always already additional 
requirements - now** for the inhabitation of situations which 
are always already destabilized.** form of seduction, the lure 
for the object that is always already without** from present 
states, but this is always already a matter of** from texture to 
repetitive avatar motion. Worlds are always already** fullness 
of physical idealities, sounds are always already under 
erasure,** function in relation to ethos. Ethos is always 
already consensual,** future is always already cleared, 
cleansed, and ready for action.** gies, always already avoiding 
an absolute - either from the domain** gnaws always already at 
the digital; the tree is the tree of the imagin-** groped within 
each others Mouths and Organs. Vision always already** ground is 
always already charnel-hus; ground is always killing-field;** 
hides interior grains. The granularity of the world is always 
already** historicity and fecundity of interiority; philosophy 
is always already** i feel that i've always already been 
controlled against my will, by my** idiotic, always already 
inaccessible).** if the analog were (equally always already) a 
reconstruction. In other** ignators/proper names/natural kinds, 
writing is always already virtual, a** imaginary always already 
at a loss against or through the symbolic, what** imaginary of 
dirt/dust/clutter against the inert and always already de-** in 
always already unforeseen way.s Thus" spiri,"t I do believ,e 
would have** in real life, one is always already continuous and 
coextensive; in virtual** in what seemed to be emotional 
catastrophe, death, always already around** information always 
already spew - as read, is edited down, cut into, etc.** 
information which is always already a reconstitution itself.** 
ing out of analysis. Theory and experience are always already 
inter-** ing splays the body; phenomenology is always already a 
masochism or** ing the world with the stench of death always 
already disappearing before** inherently uncanny; that the real 
gnaws always already at the digital; the** insists on listening 
to absence. The cloaca is always already substitu-** interface 
is always already scan, that the visible is a particular kind 
of** is always already a fiction. I'd say som17thing about it. 
I'd say: virtual** is always already a future anterior, already 
a dead conversation, people** is always already a knife-edge; 
existence tangles/entangles; potential** is always already a 
memory of the excessivity or surplus of the real.** is always 
already a suspension of disbelief, which returns inverted** is 
always already as if it were a given - i.e. it participates in a 
** is always already elsewhere." :"dissemination" said Alan The 
chorus spoke.** is always already inscribed, that culture goes 
all the way down, that** is always already lost as well.** is 
always already mediated by language; the body-ego is @body, 
@describe,** is always already one of withdrawal, the anonymity 
of history, terror,** is always already the aging body, the 
sutured closed manifold of the same.** is always already the 
other of the other. It is there that I will** is being said, 
inscribed, arises. The world is always already languaging** is 
broken, and what was within has been always already desecrated 
and** is subtextual, always already present and deeply 
unaccounted for.** is that it's an _always already discarded,_ 
from the moment of birth all** it is always already in another 
tongue.:it is always after the fact and** it never returns; it's 
lost in neural columns; it's always already incom-** it's as if 
the world were always already in preparation** it's as if the 
world were always already stasis** itself is always already a 
construct, not solipsistic, not in-itself** itself, always 
already inscribed;** itself. What is ill-defined is always 
already categorized and definition** ity is always already 
elsewhere; if my child watches porn, it is the fault** jennifer 
says: our exhaustion is always already broken.** ken to. what 
exists always already exists within the dominion of words and** 
l enunciations always already to collapse at** laminanimal are 
always already insufficient layers, lamina, across or** late. i 
agree with Eleanor that the time is always already gone in 
future** learning is always already the speaking cure, beneath 
the semblance of** leaving entrails in the past; the future is 
always already inscrip-** life but it is always already never 
death.** ligence would be always already mechanistic, since 
machine subunits are** log out; nothing follows you; you're 
always already in the process of** logical or philosophical step 
is always already accounted for, that** longing, how the world 
in real life is always already a world of longing.** loss, none 
of those things which render the present always already 
hyster-** ly, information and disembodiment? that information is 
always already the** marked, and being marked is always already 
being marked otherwise.** marked. A mark is always already. A 
mark has nothing to do with this text.** marker is -- towards 
disappearance, every annihilation always already the** may not 
be equivalent to the source. Noise is always already present and 
** ment here is always already unravelling of Borromean _nots_ 
held together** moment of transcendence (always already a 
contradiction - nonetheless** must record the footprints, 
abandoned, our always already forgotten** my screen is always 
already alterity, my screen is other and transcendent** myself 
always already on the verge. Names flood and pool; it's 
another** negation in cyberspace is always already the shadowing 
of the eyes, kohl,** news, always already televisiual, digitial, 
a presence to which I will** non-absorption, this void always 
already present, the drive of** non-determinist responses. 
Third, I think that language is always already** nonetheless, 
the ethical always already comes after the fact.** not Boolean, 
but gesture? Ontological phenomena are always already an** 
occurrence always already present. Recognition of this emptiness 
is a** occurrence which has always already occurred. LADIES AND 
GENTLEMEN** of *_scissors,_ _paper,_ _rock,_* so that *_there is 
*_always already_*_*** of a rock star occupy an interstitial 
position always already apologetic,** of contradiction and the 
wound - because the wound is always already** of families, 
speech and phenomena which are always already in a state of** of 
fate. The rhetorical is always already foreclosed, just as 
linguistic** of it this way: The present is always already 
abject, neither present nor** of others. Think of these others 
jumping ontologies, always already in** of power (always already 
at hand, but here, determinative).** of representing, just as 
the "ego" is always already a coagulation, it-** of the Sign - 
which is always already mute; in writing, sign is signifying** 
of the body, never otherwise, never always already. Never... 
Nevers...** of the success of others, a Dostoevskian character 
always already in a** of the symbolic as always already 
foreclosing, what of the toppling of the** of the world; 
fissuring is always already information.** of time; this is 
always already having been said, this is stasis, a** of tune,_ 
and projection is always already ikonic in the real. (I'd call** 
ognition that _things_ are always already lost; we're no longer 
innocent** ologies of digital partial-domains always already 
undergoing reconnection** on this, english is not english, or 
english is always already not eng-** one posts is always already 
problematic, forced into protocol and formal** one. As such, I 
am "such" - always already newly arrived. Although I can** only 
the three of us and i'm always already on the line ka? the 
interrog-** ontology) or a practical engineering application 
which is always already** operate as relay against other 
gestures. Embodiment is always already an** or a distinction 
drawn always already (the elements or fundamental parti-** or as 
if every inscription were always already performative** or may 
not slow to a halt; it's always already receiving information 
and** organic into a machinic always already positioned and 
foreclosing -** oriented; classification is always already a 
posteriori. The tree-metaphor** orthogonal foundations always 
already out of sight.** ourselves always already displaced from 
it; culture told us so. A text** out of nothing, returns to it 
through a world always already emptied and** over and over again 
by the sex of war which is always already an** over which, 
clearly, I have no control. The sig. is always already a** 
phenomenology is always already a masochism or always already 
constructed** ping toppling world into loft. The voice is always 
already maternal, mat-** plagiarism there from the beginning, 
always already, the potential for** pointed out time and again, 
the question drawn forth is always already a** 
present-presencing is always already broken; philosophy breaks 
on speech.** presumption is always already false.** previously 
was always already disappearance, a fund of exhaustion** 
producing always already a simulacrum of life guaranteeing 
continuous** producing always already a simulacrum of life, 
guaranteeing continu-** production is always already gone; 
you're embedded in an economics of** programs designed to weed 
out the copy which is always already a copy,** proper 
articulations and armatures, and the other always already 
broken,** protocols, always already _well-defined,_ and the 
subject on the other/** ract of names, is always already 
forgotten. there is no-thing to forget.** ready and always 
already display, spectacle, permitting the _insertion_ of** 
reconstructions always already eternal. time, not emanant 
which** recuperation always already impossible.** recuperation 
is always already impossible.** recursions and no other. But the 
other was always already (to be)** refuses the reading of the 
body; cybermind always already begins with the** register of, 
the Thing. dance for example is always already an institution** 
representation, always already; one works with the _that_ which 
parallels** return to the field, the walking-through the field, 
and always already** rights, always already dictated by adults 
with their own ideological** ruler geometry which is always 
already almost symmetrical, but** ruption of nouns reveals 
itself here. Things are always already splintered** s-he has 
always already disappeared, s-he already taken out** scroll or 
jump-cut. We will return to the jump-cut which is always 
already** self - my work's fucked - it's always already at a 
loss - brilliant and** self, the forgotten space is always 
already named, discarded, the origin** sense virtual worlds, are 
subsets. Virtual worlds are always already** sensing, scenting, 
is always already interactive; the inscriptive is never** 
sexalways already shelter ships vesselrow shrouding 
signifiertakes bodies** sider this: the always already 
parenthetical of the world relates to** siderations; as plasma, 
the internet bypasses existence (always already...** signifier 
carries a time-date stamp - everything always already new and** 
signifiers always already collapsed, because everything becomes 
the same** signs always already a foregone translucency. It is 
easy to mistake** sion in which meaning is always already an 
observable and elsewhere.** sions are always already ghosts, 
always already virga, portending their** situated plateau in the 
midst of others, that there are always already** slipping of one 
text into another, always already the duplication, the** smudge 
or shadow across the real, the stain always already of someone** 
so often presents itself as pregiven, always already organized 
according** social are at stake in relation to the definition 
which is always already** something is always already a 
construct (Sartre, rule-bound, but the** source. Noise is always 
already present and is considered within** speaking (i.e. beyond 
what is spoken) is always already mediation,** speculum of 
something always already blemished, the anecdote of the** speed, 
bullae scattered everywhere. Every marker is always already 
virtu-** state where [ ] is emptied but always already virtual, 
where** state/meant of the domain is always already a 
delimitation. (limits are** statements in poems are always 
already hyperbole** states, but this is always already a matter 
of reconstitution, reassemb-** stopper or lid to CMC-lack (the 
Lacanian of CMC), always already that of** straction of the 
world always already parceled and axiomatized. The story** 
subject and object (always already deconstructed on the Internet 
with** subject intimately, the latter always already a 
distantiation. (The dis-** substitutions: always already 
transformed (candelabras with arms)** success, not failure; it 
is the always already of the always already, but** such is the 
lurker, always already visible, given the intravenous** 
sufficient. There are rails. The rails are always already 
guides, to be** superstructural level, but always already 
connected to the real. that's** sutured, a style which has 
always already effaced itself, just as** text is always already 
dynamic, that such is the nature of communication,** that it was 
serious and always already historical, that these people -** 
that of dispersion, which is always already the case, on the way 
to dust** that the real itself is always already a construct, 
not solipsistic,** the body, that the body is always already 
split/disembodied into parts,** the cat is modern, the dog is 
always already postmodern.** the codes are dissolute, partial, 
always already incomplete: the differend** the digital is always 
already a mapping** the face is an other, face is always already 
an other, face of _the contin-** the gestural unknown. What 
Benjamin calls the aura always already exists** the 
independents? It is always already a question of context which** 
the local country one is now embedded in, a locale always 
already tem-** the meaning, and that the world is gnarly, 
distorted, always already** the order of drives. An s/m is 
always already theatrical; the stage is** the point of 
uselessness; it always already gainsays its speech,** the real 
always already possesses a certain thickness of course. While 
all** the reward of love, longing and waiting for the first and 
always already** the self has always already undergone 
irrevocable translation.)** the self is always already both 
foregone and blurred. Time expands and** the signifyingness of a 
trace." The face is always already a process, rep-** the subject 
(who is always already embedded) recuperates, which is the** the 
surface at best). What appears appears is always already the** 
the synchronic, pre/chaotic extension; having always already 
begun; having** the world slipping through one's fingers, the 
sky always already threat-** the world, which we are always 
already given, always already there** theoretical commentaries 
among those always already in the know. And so** there is always 
already the packet-substance in the background, the sub-** there 
were no tomorrow, or as if we were always already inhabiting** 
thing is equally always already in a state of fading from 
culture. go** thing that I use is always already pre-given, 
adjusted through jostling, a** this junction or juncture didn't 
exist - as if this was always already ab-** this reasoned 
argument always already precludes, firewalls, forecloses** 
throat, Ducasse. What speaks is always already mimetic; Maldoror 
mouths** through and of REWRITE always already beyond the body, 
but never mind.** throws at us, it will always already have been 
too late, something the** time always already vectored, as time 
is, both within and without** tion is always already inscribed. 
The real and the virtual commingle; they** tion," within which 
the real is always already rewritten, and the user** tion. One 
writes always already suspended, from what and from where, or** 
tissues, voices dissipating in the air. Gestures are always 
already for-** to the object, if the object is always already 
inscribed, the** tokens in Sumer, elsewhere. Fingers always 
already are enumerations,** tomorrow, or as if we were always 
already inhabiting tomorrow as fantasm.** towards materiality 
under erasure; what is under erasure is always already** traces 
originate in the emissions of the future, always already), 
skewed** transformation from wire to real-life failed miserably, 
always already** trol of the other always already inscribed 
here?** truth. This always already pushes the stack back; what 
requires absolution** ture which always already remains 
elsewhere inscribed: this work would** tures, my structures are 
world-wide. My screen is always already foreign,** turn _when_ I 
died, possibility always already refusing itself as such.** turn 
of the mind or body, always already resisting measure and 
measure-** turning departure always already into a sadness like 
the German horses who** tuted and reconstituted state _outside 
of time,_ always already present in** tution, since the original 
is always already lost. This is not a case of** uncaptured body 
< but the body is always already enculturated (of** unchained. 
always already liminal, music is.** undefined (and one might 
say, always already so).** understand that action is a call. it 
always already too late to answer the** very fragile. But you 
won't remember this, and the you is always already** virtual 
divides by means of the _device-random,_ always already a seed 
or** virtual worlds are always already as-if; there is nothing 
else to them.** virtual, from X to X' is always already sutured; 
the break, again, occurs ** visible is always already a detour 
or bypass, an inversion of the usual** vocal cords and =cia ==s 
literally a far cry i can l ===s always already** water which 
has always already retraced itself, inscriptions lost in the** 
way up and down, always already metonymic, syntagmatic. Think of 
the** we are outside of time; this is always already having been 
said, this** well - /me turns around always already ikonic - 
attend to this distinction** what I'm pointing out is already or 
always already useless, known before .** what i write is always 
already cauterized.** what is re-presented is always already 
0/1, infinitesimal** where we are, where we are not, is always 
already unlearned.** which are always already floating 
signifiers at their most grounded. So** which is always already 
in the past. zzzzzzzzzzzzzz You will see the great** which is 
always already part of the machine, this corporate image, this** 
which is always already sought in each and every text, that of 
_talk** which things fly apart, always already have been apart - 
have nothing to** why is there something rather than nothing <-> 
not always already your** with code; the retina always already 
encodes, and further coding** within the scouring, truth's 
absence which is that which it always already** within virtual 
subjectivity; the body _here_ is always already foreclosed,** 
words as they falter through tehe keyboard onto the screen, 
always already** world always already fallen when it is told so. 
The _cartoon_ is the** worldings that are always already 
continuously evanescent and vanishing.** would always already 
exist beyond in a void created only by the presence** would play 
out as always already memory - but there is this, in addition,** 
writes within the gap. And culture is always already liminal, 
interstiti-** writing and our bodies themselves are always 
already written, inscribed -** wrytes the body, that the body is 
always already wrytten, encoded _all** you is always already 
ordered, the muted marching of graphemes across** zero and one, 
that of being which recedes simultaneously always already in** { 
These old marxist categories... Use value is always already 
cultural,** { This agreement is by convention; such convention 
is always already an** |||||||||||| and rhetorical tropes 
constituting what has always already**


