

Initial announcement for the Fop-l (Fiction-of-Philosophy) list:



FICTION-OF-PHILOSOPHY


AN ELECTRONIC FORUM FOR THE DISCUSSION AND PRESENTATION OF
PHILOSOPHICAL FICTION, FICTIONAL PHILOSOPHY, AND EVERYTHING
IN-BETWEEN


The FICTION-OF-PHILOSOPHY: As in the fiction-of-crime, the
category encompasses both `philosophical fiction' and that aspect
of philosophy which encounters fiction as a mode of inquiry.
Philosophical fiction would include the novels of Bataille,
Ballard, Gibson, Sartre; works of Jabes, Michaux, Lautreamont,
Karl Kraus; poetry of Lucretius, Susan Howe, Holderlin; the
philosophical micro-narratives of Baudrillard, Nietzsche, and
Barthes; Lingis' exhilerated accounts of the other/gender, Kathy
Acker's deconstruction of sexualities and politics, and
other writers/writings too numerous to mention...

WHY THIS LIST? Because "creative" and theoretic writing are
inter-woven yet distanced by the history of faculties, and
because new formations carry the possibilities of new modes of
thinking through our overheated postmodern cultural terrain.

The list has as goals both the discussion of the
FICTION-OF-PHILOSOPHY in general or in reference to specific
authors; and the presentation of creative work that may bear on
current issues of theory.

FICTION-OF-PHILOSOPHY: FOP, defined in the older Roget:
"...swell, dandy, exquisite, coxcomb, beau, man about town,
spark, popinjay, puppy, prig, jackanapes, carpet knight, dude" -
extended into situationist, raconteur, flaneur...
existing-between, passing for the other, the spy in the house of
love who came in from the cold.

The threads on the list might include presentations and
discussions of creative work by the participants, cross-postings
addressing relevant issues, discussions/critiques/group readings
of specific literary works, and discussions of more general
issues ranging from the inter-face between poetry and philosophy,
to the narratology of the site of writing-philosophy (Heidegger's
forest, Jabes' desert, Ballard's high-way).

This list is open to everyone interested in philosophy and
theory, on any level.

PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SOME POSTS MIGHT CONTAIN MATTER THAT SOME
MIGHT FIND OFFENSIVE FROM TIME TO TIME, AND SUCH POSTS WILL NOT
BE CENSORED. However, we would also like you to know that racial
or other bias slurs will not be tolerated; there are other sites
on the Internet for them. We will also not tolerate spams.

For information and a list of commands, write to:
LISTSERV@VM.CC.PURDUE.EDU
and say either
INFO REFCARD or HELP in the body of the letter.

If you have technical difficulties, please contact Laurie
Cubbison or Alan Sondheim.

Laurie Cubbison, T-Bone Prone, Alan Sondheim
cubbison@omni.cc.purdue.edu or cubbison@holli.com
tbone@ripco.com
sondheim@panix.com


