=========================================================================

Insoluble Cases 

=========================================================================

I've just solved the case: Here's how it happened. (Monk)

I began by thinking of the collapse of books, literature, theory: not of 
carry-over and interoperability among file formats, electronic productions 
or reproductions, but of the splitting and fragmentation of text and 
theory, the reduction to what I've considered elsewhere as radiations and 
dusts. Thus fundamental physical theory might just reduce to competing 
structures producing equivalent, if not identical results; in which case, 
the concept of the fundamental becomes moot through its splitting into 
entangled at the top, but deeply incompatible at the bottom, predictive 
and coherent constructs. So it goes, just as video, for example, has 
abandoned long-form for splits and bites/sound-bites that will continue to 
shrink. The world's buzzing confusing itself coheres and continues to grow 
and every genre, form, classicism, or medium disappears; even the voice 
channels into text, text into abbreviations, abbreviations into augments, 
augments into part-objects, all against and within the massive violence 
and poverty of the coming-to-age-and-end of a species literally dying for 
a singularity, other than dying.

Consider new media, practices shadowed by their own future anteriors, 
constant redefinitions and tropes from simulacra through vectors and 
speed, back into the forests of signs and spectacles. Everything is plural 
and always already has been, which cripples the monotheisms of explana- 
tions, explanatory power, and the power that pervades them. Power is 
always a becoming, a leverage; now and forever, power splatters among 
gangs, hackers, corporations, languages, exploits, patches - and patches 
themselves are the new sutures, designed, not to hold subject or subject- 
ivity together, but to bridge monetary gaps in structures ultimately 
doomed to obsolescence or collapse. I've thought long about this, about 
the idea about this and about ideas and idea; these thoughts as well 
transform, are transformed, through radiations. Think of such as literal: 
how much gadgetry now speaks to itself through collocations and designated 
bandwidths, just on the desk or threshold? And think of such as content, 
not in the sense of McLuhanesque media, but in the dissolution of such 
media, everything parceling within electromagnetic spectra that begins and 
ends, usually, with something physical, some manifestation of receiving/ 
receiver and transmitting/transmitter. Think further, transmissions of 
receivers, receivers of transmitters, transmissions of transmitters; you 
get the idea, get hold of the idea, and the idea bifurcates chaotically; 
in the end you get nothing, you're swallowed by the waves, by the 
particles constantly in circulation. There's no room for the strictures of 
genre here, for the long-form that's already rusting, corroding at the 
ends, at both ends, throughout the long-form which requires patience, 
silent, and grounding that's inconceivable at this point/plane/dimension. 
For the long-form needs stability just like accountancy; it's the world of 
classical economy, classical accountancy; it requires memory and the 
stability of memory, things that can't, ever, be hacked, things that one 
can return to, two or three hundred pages or notes earlier; this isn't the 
case (for that matter/s, the world is no longer the case/s, if it/they 
ever were) - these arguments and edifices that built up, that led nowhere, 
that promised monotheisms, monotheories, that carefully laid themselves 
out (when not laying bodies) - these buried their internal violence, 
excreted it out the other end. All, everything here, requiring a respite 
from slaughter, extinctions, exponentially-increasing populations on the 
fast-track, these intrusions into the social, which now constitute the 
socials: the strings of the world are pulled by children, and the 
children's children, and ultimately nothing else matters. The children too 
dissolve into radiations and dusts, Fukushima and Chernobyl, but also the 
scatterings of local wars, gang insignia, temporary autonomous zones with 
a vengeance. There are pollutions, mostly invisible, everywhere, permeat- 
ing the world with the stench of death always already disappearing before 
it's presence is felt; we're all embedded like journalists in guerilla 
operations among the enclaves of a collapsing planet. It's too late for 
anything else, but it was always too late; we lived in momentary stases - 
of goods, apparently stable economies and weather patterns, that are once 
again on the fast-forward track. Our books, films, symphonies, portend the 
culture of death which inheres within them. We're watching ourselves 
disappear, and this isn't towards the prosthetic or viral, but rather the 
prion or unstable nanobots: as the atmosphere turns against us, nothing 
happens but fundamental ontology that mirrors and collapses within itself. 
And that's everything - in a sense, what used to be called 'anomie,' as 
long as anomie hearkened back to an inconceivable, inauthentic Eden of 
coherency that never existed in the first or any other place. Think of the 
anomie of anomie, anomie as nothing but the word itself, the inscription 
that's half read, half-disappeared, transformed by the fall of internal 
empires that still seem to hold us as one, together, or in multiplicities, 
or whatever groupings you might think still hold within occasional dream- 
ing. Whatever else, culture appeared thick, with inconceivable depth - 
this is the Castanedan theater, or the primordial or the aboriginal 
habitus, epics and virtual worlds emerging out of it, oral traditions 
miraculously holding forth for generations and so on. We believed that, 
just as we believed the moment from oral to written or written to oral, or 
the primacy of inscription or of things, or of orderings, or of axiomatics 
- even those that were admittedly insecure at the edges, Godel numberings 
for example tending towards the disappearance of moorings. See what can be 
accomplished at a distance, through a telescope or prime number investi- 
gations, but then there are always the problematics of other number 
systems, multiverses, families dangerous and out of control just the next 
block over. The thick was always a sheave, was always abject, always 
required control. Culture not only buried abjection; it consolidated the 
thing floating on top of the muck, cleaned off the shitty bottom. It 
answered, it had answers, if only anti-oedipal. But abjection comes with 
the corpses of extinctions, with local wars, hacking, pollutions. But no, 
it doesn't come with these at all; it's always been there, what's been 
fundamental are the dusts, the pollutions, the radiations, the muck that 
Plato wanted to bury, that D&G dug up again and rubbed in our faces: now 
those faces are gone as well. 

So the ontology, the epistemology, the ontic, the episteme, dissolve, and 
there is no yielding to a new order, though there might be chaos. I think 
of this as 'neither A nor B,' 'not both A and B,' dual and Sheffer-stroke 
lending themselves towards Pales of no concern, maybe A and B just go out 
like lights, maybe they disappear, maybe they were never there in the 
first place, maybe they're our dream of stability. How simple it all seems 
until we look for constant, the thick again, so we can speak, make sense, 
as if it were more than possible to make sense for more than a little 
while, more than the occasion on the corner, the chance meeting, the 
unknown disease or bullet fired in the dark. All of this is up for grabs, 
sites/cites/sights of contestation, but it should be clear by now that 
contestation itself, on local and global levels, among tendrils and 
temporary holarchies, is what roils, what roils within the abject, what 
provides no clear footings, anymore than currency or human exchanges. 
Things are beginning to run out; more likely than not, the singularity 
will be one of scarcity, not the fecundity of technological answers that 
promise immortality to those enclaved lucky few able to afford them. It's 
just a matter of time before immortality as well is swallowed up; even 
cryogenics depends upon the thick, upon basic stabilities, in order to 
propagate itself and the species with the wealthy few. 

So we're left scattered among augmentations, inscriptions, the arrogance 
of chic - and among inconceivable pain and beauty as, not only empires, 
but the very elements of culture dissolve. And we can discuss these 
things; if social networking is the current paradigm, the radiations and 
problematic of paradigms will leave us for some brief moments when we 
might pick up a book, for example, just to feel the weight of it. But more 
likely we'll be listening to tunes of our own mirrored creations, as long 
as the power stays on. (Wait, this isn't right here, this trope.) There 
won't be tunes or books; there might be implants. They might last for a 
while. There might be fetishisms of all sorts, driven not by power, but by 
Lingis' lust, abject and oozing. There might be splits. There will be 
scarcity. There won't be long-form. There will be momentary stases, 
strange attractors. There won't be life-spans; there will be fallout. 
Dusts never die, carry no information, infiltrate driven by no will of 
their own or anyone's. They increase. The appearance of the future of the 
world is Maya. The future of the world is graffiti. That's where it will 
happen, the warnings to vacate the area, that something poisonous and 
deadly is just around the corner. That's where the thick ends up - with 
such unspeakable pain, with such death, that words not only fail - they 
never existed in the first place. And not even that's guaranteed.


=========================================================================


Fragment

3c3
< Insoluble Cases 
---
> Insoluble Cases 
78c78
< long as anomie hearkened back to an inconceivable, inauthentic Eden of 
---
> long as anomie hearkened back to an inconceivable, inauthentic Eden of 


