

Incantation: Corrective Strategy: Hacker Drive: Core Dump: Gdb:


The drive to write, the drive to correct, to turn these words into pure
empathetic sound: such would cancel, chill, curtail, recuperate violation-
fabric-the-medicine, make me hole again, the disappearance of the vacanta-
tory eye/I. Into the night, right I, slewed from skewed violation-fabric:
Dar dar dar. Arduous the night. Dar dar dar. Perturbatio. Dar dar dar dar. 
Ahesulim, Salimpalihilisu, SalimpalihAdda, MusallimMarduk, Addumusallim. 
.rad rad rad raD .oitabrutreP .rad rad raD .thgin eht suoudrA .rad rad raD
.millasumuddA ,kudraMmillasuM ,addAhilapmilaS ,usilihilapmilaS ,milusehA
.rad rad rad raD .oitabrutreP .rad rad raD .thgin eht suoudrA .rad rad raD
.millasumuddA ,kudraMmillasuM ,addAhilapmilaS ,usilihilapmilaS ,milusehA
.rad rad rad raD .oitabrutreP .rad rad raD .thgin eht suoudrA .rad rad raD
.millasumuddA ,kudraMmillasuM ,addAhilapmilaS ,usilihilapmilaS ,milusehA
.rad rad rad raD .oitabrutreP .rad rad raD .thgin eht suoudrA .rad rad raD
.millasumuddA ,kudraMmillasuM ,addAhilapmilaS ,usilihilapmilaS ,milusehA
.eid lliw I .yawyna eid lliw I ,eid lliw I ;yawyna eid lliw I ,eid lliw I
.eid lliw I .yawyna eid lliw I ,eid lliw I ;yawyna eid lliw I ,eid lliw I
.rad rad rad raD .oitabrutreP .rad rad raD .thgin eht suoudrA .rad rad raD
.rad rad rad raD .oitabrutreP .rad rad raD .thgin eht suoudrA .rad rad raD

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

GDB:

gdb Incantation:
GDB is free software and you are welcome to distribute copies of it
 under certain conditions; type "show copying" to see the conditions.
There is absolutely no warranty for GDB; type "show warranty" for details.
GDB 4.16 (sparc-sun-sunos4.1.4), 
Copyright 1996 Free Software Foundation, Inc...

"/net/u/6/s/sondheim/Incantation:": not in executable format: File format
not recognized

(gdb) quit

_________________________________________________________________________

Subject:tiny


jennifer:sexes:alan
starve:thirst:crave:despair:yes:28214:3:jennifer:despair:starve
soak:damp:moist:drip:wet:yes:28276:2:sexes:wet:drip
misery:plethora:calm_beauty:yes:28335:6:alan:calm_beauty:plethora


___________________________________________________________________


Anne Frank's Others


Pornography of the dead opens inconceivable flesh encapsulated only in im-
age, regardless of its fragility. Nothing is captured; names are forgot-
ten, and the residue occurs as a floating signifier. Cyberspace gives us
dreams of a fuller life. Anne Frank's diary in the "definitive edition" 
re-opens her body uncomfortably - only because the same was sutured and
foreclosed in the earlier anesthetized edition. What I learned as a young
boy was the holy purity of death, Anne's picture by my bedside; what I
learn through this edition is a refusal which permeates, spreads through
cyberspace.

In November 1942, Anne writes:

"P.S. I forgot to mention the important news that I'm probably going to
get my period soon. I can tell because I keep finding a whitish smear in
my panties, and Mother predicted it would start soon. I can hardly wait.
It's such a momentous event. Too bad I can't use sanitary napkins, but you
can't get them anymore, and Mama's tampons can be used only by women
who've had a baby." 

On January 22, 1944, a little more than a year before her death, Anne com-
ments: 

"I wouldn't be able to write that kind of thing anymore. 

"Now that I'm rereading my diary after a year and a half, I'm surprised at
my childish innocence. Deep down I know I could never be that innocent
again, however much I'd like to be. I can understand the mood changes and
the comments about Margot, Mother and Father as if I'd written them only
yesterday, but I can't imagine writing so openly about other matters. It
embarrasses me greatly to read the pages dealing with subjects that I
remembered as being nicer than they actually were. My descriptions are so
indelicate. But enough of that." 

The comment is from the b version of the diary, a version Anne was working
on for publication. The a version was the original; the c version, one
assembled by her father, Otto Frank, after the war. It's the c that made
it, anesthetized, to a world-wide audience. 

The clean and proper body, assembled for me and others when I was young,
disassembled by the desiring-machines of nazism, foreclosed on purity,
opened once again on ash - appears now, different, burning and now fore-
closed internally, partly effaced, shamed, embarrassed, identity in the
Annex. I assume nothing but that ancient reading, _effect of the text,_ I
desired then I would have died with her, I would have saved her; my life
was never so hopeless. 

These are still moments that are difficult to talk about.

(The constant emphasis of blood and liquidity _here_ becomes an opening
from that very closure, not of ash which can not be spoken, but of body,
which turns elsewhere as well as here.) 

(There are clouds, of ash, of text, of memory; they don't come together. 
The body spills out as well; embarrassed, Anne comments, but doesn't cen-
sor; that came later with her father. Were it not for her father, there
would be no repetition of the diary, no Anne-memory; everything stood or
fell in-his-name, Anne the masquerade-commentary, almost going out as non-
Jew for an eye examination - too dangerous. The less evident the fluids,
the greater the need for their reiteration as well, their emphasis. They
stick the body to the ground. They hold it.)

(Not only are there differences and differance/differend; there are no
differences.)

_________________________________________________________________________


Procedural Semiotics


In 1978 I worked on a series of programs for the TI59 calculator, which
used an assembly-language approach. Out of this came a work called Grounds
for a Procedural Semiotics; the longer programs I termed "Incremental
Field Programs," described as follows: 

"The incremental field programs possess a central processing unit contain-
ing a random number generator, plus a structured field containing subpro-
grams. Each subprogram outputs into another subprogram, according to the
sequencing of the cpu. An initial increment may be set, as well as a sub-
program counter whose output is the number of subprograms that have been
called at that point. The ifps stop only when an interrupt occurs.

"The subprograms respond in various ways to their inputs. In some in-
stances, the input is bypassed entirely and a "false processing" occurs.
In others, the input is raised by the appropriate operators until the
limit of the machine is reached.

"Each subprogram cycles before returning to the cpu. The cycle number in
some instances is determined by the program operator; in others, it is
internally determined.

"The subprograms may be considered floating signifiers whose content (sub-
ject for processing) is the input. The four characteristics of a subject
of natural history in the classical age, according to Foucault, also ap-
ply to the ifps. That is, "the form of the elements, the quantity of those
elements, the manner in which they are distributed in space in relation to
each other, and the relative magnitude of each element." The first refers
to the structure of the subprogram; the second, to the number of subpro-
grams; the third, to their distribution [i.e. direct and indirect addres-
sing]; and the fourth, to their processing in relation to a specific in-
put. Thus the ifp, in a sense, is an internal natural history in dialog
with three entities: the initial increment; the random number generator;
and the interpretation of the output display. [I would question "dialog" 
now, replacing it with "natural history or bound variable dependent upon
an external quantity, which in turn feeds into the interpretation of the
output display."]

"An internal natural history which is also a presentation of signifiers -
both are possible, since the substance and semiotics of abstraction are
equivalent here.

"The ifps play with signification; they delude (because some of the prog-
rams generate their own content, regardless of initial increment). They
proclaim at each _appearance_ of a number the presence of processing, and
yet the appearance may be generated in a foreclosed discourse completely
disjunct from such evident processing. A world of mirrors."

Sample display:

101
156
312
212
424
324
648
102
1319167.322
1148.550095
4144286.366
2035.75204
13019659.6
3608.276542
103
1804.138271
902.0691355
451.0345677
104
...

[So at this period, internal cpu operation was perceived as the site of
semiosis, masquerade, structure, destructuring, as well as the locus of
attractors that annihilated history. And all of this occurs within a clas-
sical framework of clearly-defined elements and their distributions. And
the result is a _dirty_ sememe, whose structure cannot be verified, is
problematic. Think of the subprograms as drives within the chora, or as
the flickering of virtual bodies in some other space.]


_________________________________________________________________________


Internet Philosophy and Psychology -                           5/2/97


This is a somewhat periodic notice describing my Internet Text, available
on the Net, and sent in the form of texts to various lists. The URL is: 
http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html and the
mirror URL is http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt/

The changing nature of the email lists, Cybermind and Fiction-of-Phil-
osophy, to which the tests are sent individually, hides the full textual
body itself, since new readers will not be aware of the continuity. For
them the text appears fragmentary, created piecemeal, splintered from a
non-existent whole. On my end, the whole is evident, the texts extended
into the lists, part or transitional objects.

So this (periodic) notice is an attempt to recuperate the work as a total-
ity, retard its diaphanous existence. Below is an updated introduction.


+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


The "Internet Text" currently constitutes around eighty files, or 2300
printed pages. It was started in 1994, and continues as an extended
meditation on cyberspace. It began with a somewhat straightforward
theoretical outline, and has expanded into "wild theory," utilizing
numerous "ghosts" (alive, quasi-alive, dead) - most recently, "Jennifer,"
the locus of investigations into virtuality, ontology, and gender. 

Almost all of the text is in the form of "short-waves, long-waves." The
former are the individually-titled sections, written in a variety of
styles at times referencing other writers/theorists. The sections are
heavily interrelated; on occasion "characters" appear, _actants_ possess-
ing philosophical or psychological import. They also create and problema-
tize narrative substructures within the work as a whole. (Such are Clara
Hielo Internet, Tiffany, Alan, Travis, Honey, Jennifer, and others. Jen- 
nifer, in particular, has been the subject/object of recent work, a blur- 
ring of epistemological/ontological distinction. Jennifer is me, not an
alter-ego. When I close my eyes, I dream: Jennifer. When Jennifer closes
her eyes, she dreams me into existence. I was born Jennifer.)

The long-waves are fuzzy topoi on such issues as death, love, virtual em-
bodiment, the "granularity of the real," and physical reality, which
criss-cross the texts. The resulting fragmentations and coagulations owe
something to phenomenology, deconstruction, linguistics, prehistory, the
philosophies of science and programming, etc., but more to the functions
of sites or nodes on the Net itself.

I have used MUDS, MOOS, talkers, Perl, html, Javascript, Qbasic, and Cu-
SeeMe, all tending towards a performativity of thought, texts which _act_
and engage the subject beyond the traditional phenomenologies of reading. 
Currently, I am working through issues of psychosis, html, html-bodies,
archaeology of the Net, and transgendering; the "work" or "working" can
take numerous forms.

There is no binarism in the Internet Text, no series of protocol state-
ments. Virtuality itself is considered far beyond the ASCII text/Webscape
that is most prevalent now, at the end of the twentieth century. The vari-
ous issues of embodiment that will arrive with full-real or true-real VR
are already in existence as embryonic, permitting the theorizing of pre-
sent and speculative future sites, "spaces," nodes, and modalities of
body/speech/community.


Please check the INDEX to find your way into the body of the work on-line. 
It is helpful to read the first file, Net1.txt, in the beginning, and/or
to look at the latest files (jq, jr, etc.) as well. The INDEX lists the
files in which a particular topic is described; you can do a search on the
file, or simply scroll down (the files range in length from 30 to 50 pages
in print). 

In addition, there are a few graphics and a resume. Further graphics can
be found at: http://www.cs.unca.edu/~davidson/pix/ 

Thank you.


Usage: The texts may be distributed in any medium - indeed, I urge you to
do so - provided I am credited with authorship. I would appreciate in re-
turn any comments you may have.

Alan Sondheim,   432 Dean St., Brooklyn, NY, 11217   718-857-3671

mail to: sondheim@panix.com 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------



Jennifer counts on you. 


Jennifer counts to one. Jennifer counts in base one, 1^0, 1^1, 1^2, and
you get the picture.

In base one, there is one symbol. Call it a stick: | .
_The represented number is equivalent to the number of sticks._
_Any number of sticks form a *heap*; position is unimportant._
Addition is the combination or concatenation of two heaps.
Subtracting is the construct of a cut, separating the heap into two parts.

In addition, it is not necessary to know the quantities added; heap| and
heap|| together make heap|||. 
In subtraction, quantity is necessary.
_Division_ appears as a natural action: take a number of sticks from the
heap; then take the same number of sticks from the heap; and so forth,
until the heap is exhausted. What remains is the remainder. Count the
number of taken heaps from the heap; this is the quotient.
_Multiplication_ appears as a complex series of actions. Take a heap and a
second heap; duplicate the first heap for every stick in the second heap.
The number of sticks in the duplicates gives the answer.

More, more! Cries Jennifer.
We could mention that the Ackermann function gets interesting here, given
addition = (n=1); set n=0, and one is in an oddly Heisenbergian stick
world. 

Jennifer points out this is just like an abacus to base N with N beads in
each column, and if N=1, then things become quite simple.

She's not done. Jennifer is fascinated by that lack of positionality, the
releasing of the symmetrical substructure necessary even for base 2. In
base 1, a stick is equivalent to its position, and 1^n=1^m of course for
any n,m. We don't have to remember where we are _in the sequence_ says
Jennifer, because _the sequence and the quantity are identical._ Jennifer
cries, I've grasped something important!

Jennifer loves the sticky sticks!

She says, here's what it is about addition - it's the only basic operation
that doesn't require pairing off. Except of course if n=0 in the Ackermann
function, and then what?

Jennifer stands and curtsies. She says, then! then! then! you have x++,
incrementation by 1 or | every time the loop comes around. And why?

Because when the loop comes around, _you're looking at the *thing*!_ says
Jennifer.


__________________________________________________________________________


Jennifer wonders,

|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
|||||||||||||

I'm sure Wittgenstein pointed out somewhere that counting requires a fair-
ly deeply inscribed spacetime interval of some sort. I've placed these
objects in a heap, and they're differentiated from those objects, which
are outside the heap, heapless. 

There's always the necessity to remember the difference between the two
heaps - perhaps I moved from one to the other or from the other to the
one. 

Perhaps in a bead game this wouldn't matter at all.

Perhaps there's only one heap, that of the counted objects, and the other
heap is heapless. So it would be a gathering by default, and if these |s
were creatures, they might ask, well, what sort of identity do we have
after all?

They might be conscious of existing beyond the pale.

The border of course must be maintained; it's a potential well, barrier -
it's not just _there._ Someone made it. That's the way entities are crea-
ted. Someone made me, Jennifer.

Someone made me Jennifer.

Some one made me, Jennifer. What is "some one"? Remember that each one is
place-equivalent. Remember that's it's memory that creates the differenti-
ation, and, by proxy, any other differentiation. It's not what seeps out
from the signifier, but what seeps in.

What seeps in is of sociobiological portent as well. Even rapidly coalesc-
ing superstructural domains collapse in an instant; it just takes some
one. Beyond the pale in century |, out and about in century ||.

What seeps in is not the stick. Where is the stick? Here, I disagree; the
stick is _there,_ within the quantum or sub-quantum domain. What operates
near the limit - both the logic Wittgenstein looked for (perhaps) in TLP,
say that of David Finkelstein, that of von Neumann, Jauch etc. (I'd say,
both the logic where distributivity fails, and the logic of the origin of
numbers and physics, and I'd say, I disagree, the real.)

Well, I've stepped out on a stick, which is broken. Down will come chora,
baby, and all.


__________________________________________________________________________




Mountains


Mountains have slopes and mountaineers live on them. The horizon of the
slope for Jennifer-mountaineer slopes away from Jennifer on average, on
right and on left. The rising horizon /we shall rise again/ points towards
a peak not a curtain. On the average, above, and below, a bending towards
the angle of the _acute._ I have learned that level floors are propped
from beneath by beams towards the vertical and thereupon at an acute angle
with the lower slope.

Understand this is an average, just like the Greenland icecap slope tilts
everything towards the thinning edges. Above all, beneath all of it.

I can imagine these intersecting slopes; mountains are not height, says
Jennifer-mountaineer, but tilts, almost planar, crags and cwms included.
She says, I can't feel gravity-pull-oneway-down, but the weight takes care
of that.

Trees make acute angles looking up, obtuse looking down. Such obtuse gran-
deur from a height which permits no acquaintance. What my next videotape
will be, she insists, is this matter of the planes and slopes. I've tilted
my monitor-next. (What's granular and grand? Where's the grain of the
voice in the echo? What's the weight of violation-fabric? Why can't I lean
against the mountain?)

She lays her head down on the pillow, her frame later conforming to the
bed.


________________________________________________________________________


Jennifer continues with some {k}1: prompting:


Between zero and one is all the difference in the world. But the differ-
ence has no presence, until ||, establishing duplication, equivalence, the
heap. Zero and one, |, have no heap in the first/last place, the place
which is no/place, or rather, the place which is ontologically designated. 
Between zero and one, ontology, shifting from a hermeneutics of absence to
a phenomenology of presence vis-a-vis domain. Of course, Jennifer saith,
with zero and the one, all and never are domains.

It's || that establishes the domain, no other gods before me. This is a
place which is epistemologically designated. It takes induction to extend
into the infinite, transfinite. It takes the three little dots, ... .

Between zero and one, totality struggles, emerges. Purified by zero, uni-
fied by one. Between | and ||, the rupture of the other appears, dirtied
by zero, dispersed by ||.

So saith Jennifer-curtsey.


_________________________________________________________________________


Writing/Video the mountains the thing the Jennifer 


Image/Imaginary: mountains, canyons, escarpments, tree-lines, dinosaur
tracks, fossil sea-bottom, vista, earth:

Sound/Sounding/Signing: this texts, spore, signing the phrase:

Length: 20-30 minutes, Hi8 Master:

Abstract: The phenomenology of video cauterizes the signifier in relation
to the ostensible content of the images and their cut/cutting. PANNING
motorizes the content; STILLS assert the resonance of screen flatness;
MARKED SHAKING place the site of the cameraperson/subject. The PROJECT of
video is that of the IMPOSSIBILITY OF DEATH'S _TROPE_ against the presum-
ption of the simulacrum of TRUTH. TRUTH'S QUESTIONS QUESTION QUESTIONS.



(inability to encompass, not moving in Romanticism direction, slopes,
intensity of thinking anywhere, splayed against landscape, pay no
attention, nothing apropos)

(this is more about the video than the mountain, more about the medicine)

(video flattens the image; if I pan, it's an enlargement of everyone-mov-
ing, and if I hold still, nothing but inert frame, deconstituting, re-
mains)

(that still frame says nothing, holds nothing. there's no sense of being
there - only a blank arrangement. think of this as a configured picture,
lines on the way to becoming-pixels, configuration on the way to becom-
ing picture)

(but it's blocked, remains screen-inert. the pan is another story)

(the pan is the story of the _big picture,_ becoming-picture - it's the
story of the lens and the Thing)

(the Thing is the mountain, the valley, the cwm and the crag, the peak and
the cliff, the tarn and the glacier, the sward and the tundra, the pinon
and the juniper, the limber and the bristlecone. the Thing outgrows its
capitals/children. the Thing doesn't give birth)

(how could a mountain give birth to the words of the mountain?)

(how could a mountain give birth to the pictures, images, representations,
watercolor, photographs, pixels, categoricality of the mountain?

(what is the _of_ of the mountain, if not the video, if not _its_ video)

(holding the camera very still, panning at a proper rate, five-seconds
across the framework of the image, turning the body from the waist, lean-
ing if at all possible for support) 

(bracing against the wind, the cold air, burning the reflections _in_)

(of course the mountains could be anything, any thing, nothing, no thing)

(anything, which the mountains are, of a mountain, mountain-like, but
isn't this a question of representation all over again)

(any thing, as if there were prerequisites for things, Things, mountains,
camcorders, _pans_)

(which is the content of the tape, the production of the tape itself,
which carries this heavy burden of _prerequisites._ and do these make a
difference/differance, and for whom?)

(the subject rears its head)

(the subject rears her head)

(the subject rears his or her head)

(already, and this is always already, the appearance of difficulties, ob-
durate within the confines of culture, within the culture domain, not to
mention the fuzzy inscription of the mountain, "nature," all those other
categories playing their roles out as camera pans Enlightenment)

(what else? that these questions, Jennifer _would say and says_ are not
only the wrong questions, continuing a useless dialog, but indicate that
the interrogative mode itself is perhaps an impropriety here)

(which is _not_ to say that things should be taken for granted, but that
interrogation occurs within the bridge of question/answer. so that Jen-
nifer says that the question itself is problematized in these circumstan-
ces of mountain/vale/dale/wadi/arroyo. Jennifer-like-the-earth is think-
skinned)


________________________________________________________________________


Rejenneration


When I close my eyes, I dream: Jennifer. When Jennifer closes her eyes,
she dreams me into existence. I was born Jennifer. Jennifer counts on you.
Jennifer counts to one. Jennifer counts in base one, 1^0, 1^1, 1^2, and
more, more! Cries Jennifer.

She's not done. Jennifer is fascinated by that lack of positionality, be-
cause _the sequence and the quantity are identical._ Jennifer-Jennifer
loves the sticky sticks! Jennifer stands and curtsies. She says, then! 
then! then! you have Jennifer. Jennifer wonders, Someone made me, Jenni-
fer. Someone made me Jennifer. So saith Jennifer-curtsey. 

These questions, Jennifer _would say and says,_ are not Jennifer-like-the-
earth or thinking.


__________________________________________________________________________

Surgery and Suture of Jennifer

[Deceptively simple script generates fractal series (not image) based on
seconds count; series smears Jennifer-text across screen; series expands
and compresses. The series is described in Net1.txt; see "Spew."]

Cut and run on MSE or Netscape 3+.


----------------------------------------------------------


<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>Surgery and Suture of Jennifer</TITLE>
<META http-equiv="REFRESH" content="1">
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<H4>Working through the body, Mathesis turns out Jennifer</H4>
<SCRIPT LANGUAGE="Javascript">
var now = new Date; 
var x = now.getSeconds();
var j = 1; 
if (x == 0)
 {x = 2};
while ( x < 65)
{ 
  while (x % Math.pow(2, j) == 0)
    { j++; }
  if ( j % 2 == 0)
    document.write("<H3>FOR I DIVIDE YOU</H3>");
  else
    {document.write("<H3>FOR YOU ARE NOT DIVIDED</H3>");}
  x++; 
  j = 1;
}
</SCRIPT>
<H4>JENNIFER DIVIDES INTO TWO. JENNIFER DIVIDES YOU INTO TWO.</H4>
</BODY>
</HTML>

________________________________________________________________________


A Quiet Talk in Kyoto


---- No world ----

---- World hokusai ----

% Connection to hokusai established.

Welcome to Kyoto-MOO!

Type 'connect <username> <password>' to log in.

A moment of stillness just before the invention of radio. you are
entering a world of speaking bodies; everyone is close at hand. If
you reach out, you touch us with your bright thinking. Welcome to
Kyoto!

*** Connected ***

Kyoto
an intense clearing, city-basin, distant humans, everywhere visible...
You see snow, Luminous Sign, and the City of Wind here.
Last connected Wed May  7 02:06:11 1997 EDT from panix3.panix.com

---
You have no messages on your Answering Machine.
---- World sotatsu ----

% Connection to sotatsu established.

Welcome to Kyoto-MOO!

Type 'connect <username> <password>' to log in.

A moment of stillness just before the invention of radio. you are
entering a world of speaking bodies; everyone is close at hand. If
you reach out, you touch us with your bright thinking. Welcome to
Kyoto!

*** Connected ***

Yurt
hovel where Wizards hang, bones in front, skins behind
You see basin, human, lump, and stuff here.
% Activity in world hokusai
Last connected Wed May  7 02:06:58 1997 EDT from panix3.panix.com

---
You have no messages on your Answering Machine.
You join Hokusai.

Kyoto
an intense clearing, city-basin, distant humans, everywhere visible...
You see snow, Luminous Sign, and the City of Wind here.

Hokusai is here.

You say, "Time when we are noticably weary, friend..."

---- World hokusai ----

[ Sotatsu connected (Yurt) - total 2 users online ]
Sotatsu teleports in.

Sotatsu says, "Time when we are noticably weary, friend..."

You say, "That is true, my friend; we are far gone, now, among these
 dark and dismal times..."

% Activity in world sotatsu
---- World sotatsu ----

Hokusai says, "That is true, my friend; we are far gone, now, among these
dark and dismal times..." 

You say, "And what can be done about these dreary nightmares in this empty
space, friend Hokusai?" 

% Activity in world hokusai
---- World hokusai ----

Sotatsu says, "And what can be done about these dreary nightmares in
 this empty space, friend Hokusai?"

You say, "I do not know; to persevere among the scattered texts, broken
 dreams, lost avatars... O, Sotatsu, what will become of us?"

% Activity in world sotatsu
---- World sotatsu ----

Hokusai says, "I do not know; to persevere among the scattered texts,
broken dreams, lost avatars... O, Sotatsu, what will become of us?" 

You say, "We shall dwell here, in the houses of the Lords, forever, friend
Hokusai, and we shall live, and learn..." 

% Activity in world hokusai
---- World hokusai ----

Sotatsu says, "We shall dwell here, in the houses of the Lords,
 forever, friend Hokusai, and we shall live, and learn..."

% Activity in world sotatsu

You say, "And, Sotatsu, what will that be, in this place of plum wine
 and Noh? For shall we ever live further..."

---- World sotatsu ----

Hokusai says, "And, Sotatsu, what will that be, in this place of plum wine
and Noh? For shall we ever live further..." 

You say, "Hush, Hokusai, there are things it is better not to know..."

% Activity in world hokusai
---- World hokusai ----

Sotatsu says, "Hush, Hokusai, there are things it is better not to
 know..."

% Activity in world sotatsu

You say, "Ah, that is so true, my friend... let us sleep now, we are
 tired..."

---- World sotatsu ----

Hokusai says, "Ah, that is so true, my friend... let us sleep now, we are
tired..." 

You say, "True enough, friend Hokusai, we shall sleep, now and forever..."

% Activity in world hokusai
---- World hokusai ----

Sotatsu says, "True enough, friend Hokusai, we shall sleep, now and
 forever..."

*** Disconnected ***
% Connection to hokusai closed by foreign host.

---- World sotatsu ----
You hear a quiet popping sound; Hokusai has disconnected.

*** Disconnected ***
% Connection to sotatsu closed by foreign host.
---- No world ----

__________________________________________________________________________

[ JENNIFER


This html page is designed to run on Netscape 2.02 and above, as well as
MSE. It was tested on Netscape3.0 and Gold on Macintosh.

The page is the construct of function-Jennifer, performative-Jennifer. It
is a case or site of _wryting._ The page breathes and stutters, not always
in correlation with the text.

Additional comments for various browsers, and view-source-code are inter-
spersed throughout.

Download and run in any directory. This program doesn't work with lynx and
other text-based browsers. 

Cut at line below. ]



---------------------------------------------------------------------------


<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
<HEAD>
   <TITLE>Jennifer</TITLE>
   <META NAME="GENERATOR" CONTENT="User-Agent: Mozilla/3.0Gold (Macintosh; I; PPC)">
    <META http-equiv="REFRESH" CONTENT="1">
</HEAD>
<NOSCRIPT> <PRE> 
The truth of course lies here. Jennifer performs blockage and existence.
She's never tired of breathing. Breathing Jennifer continues, visible or
not. </PRE> </NOSCRIPT>
<BODY BGCOLOR= "darkred">
<BR><BR><BR>
<CENTER>
<H2>BREATHING JENNIFER</H2>
<P>
<SCRIPT LANGUAGE="Javascript">
function zz()
{document.bgColor="black"}
</SCRIPT>
<FORM> <!-- JENNIFER-CONCEALMENT -->
<INPUT TYPE="button" VALUE="touch jennifer" onClick="zz()">
</FORM><FONT SIZE="+1">
<SCRIPT> <!-- JENNIFER-FUNCTION AND ITS CATEGORIES  // -->
function Jennifer(gender, breathing, milk, suture_and_surgery, you)
{
this.gender = gender;
this.breathing = breathing;
this.milk = milk
this.suture_and_surgery = suture_and_surgery;
this.you = you;
} // JENNIFER-BODIES AND THEIR CHARACTERISTICS
Jennifer1 = new Jennifer("female ", "inhale ", "spurt", "cut ", "your_voice ");
Jennifer2 = new Jennifer("male ", "exhale ", "spurt", "suture ", "your_voice ");
Jennifer3 = new Jennifer("mine ", "inhale ", "spurt", "surgery ", "my_voice ");
Jennifer4 = new Jennifer("yours ", "hers ", "spurt", "cauterize ", "whisper ");
Jennifer5 = new Jennifer("neuter ", "ah", "dribble ", "catheter ", "murmur ");
Jennifer6 = new Jennifer("penetrate ", "oh", "drop ", "vein ", "my_voice ");
Jennifer7 = new Jennifer("vaginate ", "ooh", "droop ", "artery ", "their_voice ");
Jennifer8 = new Jennifer("loose", "grahr", "milk", "neural ", "thrust ");
Jennifer9 = new Jennifer("fallen", "inhale", "spurt", "exhale ", "portend ");
var z = 0; var x; var j; var now;
while (z < 8)
{
now = new Date; 
x = now.getSeconds(); 
j = x % 12 <!-- THE DISPERSION OF JENNIFER // -->
if ( j == 0 )
{document.write(Jennifer1.gender + Jennifer2.breathing + Jennifer3.milk
  + Jennifer4.suture_and_surgery + "<BR>");}
if ( j == 1 )
{document.write(Jennifer1.breathing + Jennifer2.gender + Jennifer3.you
  + Jennifer4.milk + "<BR>");}
if ( j == 2)
{document.write(Jennifer1.suture_and_surgery + Jennifer2.suture_and_surgery
 + Jennifer3.gender + Jennifer4.breathing + "<BR>");}
if ( j == 3)
{document.write(Jennifer1.milk + Jennifer2.you + Jennifer3.you 
 + Jennifer4.suture_and_surgery + "<BR>");}
if (j == 4)
{document.write(Jennifer5.milk + Jennifer6.you + Jennifer7.gender 
 + Jennifer4.breathing + "<BR>");}
if (j == 5)
{document.write(Jennifer6.milk + Jennifer6.gender + Jennifer7.milk 
 + Jennifer5.breathing + "<BR>");}
if (j == 6)
{document.write(Jennifer7.suture_and_surgery + Jennifer6.suture_and_surgery
 + Jennifer5.you + Jennifer2.suture_and_surgery + "<BR>");}
if (j == 7 || j == 8)
{document.bgColor="black";
document.write("My panties on the ground are wet with elements and planets.")
} 
// THE CONCEALMENT OF PANTIES AND HIDDEN DOCTRINE
if (j == 9)
{document.write(Jennifer9.milk + Jennifer9.suture_and_surgery + Jennifer9.gender
 + Jennifer8.gender + Jennifer4.suture_and_surgery + "<BR>");}
if (j == 10)
{document.write(Jennifer8.milk + Jennifer7.breathing + Jennifer8.you 
 + Jennifer1.you + Jennifer9.you + "<BR>");}
z++;
if (j == 11)
{document.bgColor="yellow";
document.write("Jenniferyellowmilk Jenniferbreathinggender Jennifersutureandsurgery");}
}
</SCRIPT>
<SCRIPT>if (j % 2 == 0)
{document.write("<H2>" + "JENNIFER INHALES" + "</H2>")}
else
{document.write("<H2>" + "JENNIFER EXHALES" + "</H2>")}
if (j % 3 == 0)
{document.write("<H4>" + "JENNIFER FALLS APART" + "</H4>")}
</SCRIPT>
</FONT>
<H2>JENNIFER YOU JENNIFER JENNIFER</H2>
</CENTER>
</BODY>
</HTML>

___________________________________________________________________________

An Incident


---- World sotatsu ----
% Connection to sotatsu established.

Welcome to Kyoto-MOO!

A moment of stillness just before the invention of radio. you are
entering a world of speaking bodies; everyone is close at hand. If
you reach out, you touch us with your bright thinking. Welcome to
Kyoto!

% Activity in world hokusai

Yurt
hovel where Wizards hang, bones in front, skins behind
You see basin, human, lump, and stuff here.
Last connected Wed May  7 02:09:15 1997 EDT from panix3.panix.com
---
You have no messages on your Answering Machine.
You join Hokusai.

Kyoto
an intense clearing, city-basin, distant humans, everywhere visible...
You see snow, Luminous Sign, and the City of Wind here.
Hokusai is here.
You say, "Hello, friend Hokusai."

---- World hokusai ----
[ Sotatsu connected (Yurt) - total 2 users online ]
Sotatsu teleports in.
Sotatsu says, "Hello, friend Hokusai."
You say, "Hello, my friend Sotatsu. I am tired, I am about to sleep..."

---- World sotatsu ----
Hokusai says, "Hello, my friend Sotatsu. I am tired, I am about to sleep..."
You say, "Ah, well I shall guard you well, Hokusai.."

---- World hokusai ----
Sotatsu says, "Ah, well I shall guard you well, Hokusai.."
You say, "Thank you, friend Sotatsu. I do say good night beneath the
 stars and crickets..."

---- World sotatsu ----
Hokusai says, "Thank you, friend Sotatsu. I do say good night beneath the
stars and crickets..." 
Sotatsu is silent, the moon is beautiful ...

---- World hokusai ----
Sotatsu is silent, the moon is beautiful ...
You say, "Ah ..."
*** Disconnected ***
% Connection to hokusai closed by foreign host.

---- World sotatsu ----
Hokusai says, "Ah ..."
You hear a quiet popping sound; Hokusai has disconnected.
You say, "Alas, Hokusai, where are thou?"
look Hokusai
                                Hokusai                                 
Major Japanese Neurotic Ukioyi Artist!
He is sleeping.

You say, "Ah yes, you are here ... after all ..."

Sotatsu is quiet for a time.
You say, "I will guard you forever here, do not be afraid ..."

*** Disconnected ***
% Connection to sotatsu closed by foreign host.
---- No world ----

_______________________________________________________________________


<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
<HEAD>
   <TITLE>how could you</TITLE>
</HEAD><CENTER>
<NOSCRIPT>there's nothing further, nothing opens, closes, not for a
moment the projector, an instant the apparatus, a second the you you
Jennifer</NOSCRIPT>
<BODY BGCOLOR= "#700070"><BR><BR><BR><BR><FONT SIZE="+7">
<I>how could you do this to me</I></FONT>
<SCRIPT LANGUAGE="Javascript">
function zz()
{
window.open("tail.htm")
}
</SCRIPT>
<FORM>
<INPUT TYPE="button" VALUE="how could you" onClick="zz()"> 
</FORM>
</CENTER>
</BODY>
</HTML>
-------------------tail.htm below head.htm above

<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>Jennifer, trying to reach you</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY BGCOLOR="#500505" NAME="was">
<H4>food</H4><FONT SIZE="+3">
trying to reach you to tell you that i'm selfish, that there's nothing
left to me, that there's nothing that goes on between us, you're writing
me into empty air, you're pretending. and that i'm very very selfish and
very very bad and there's nothing more but this badness. and that i don't
know as much as you think, i couldn't possibly know that much, and i'm not
an answer for you, how could i be. there's nothing to me, i'm thin as
glass, thinner than glass, i cast no shadow, there aren't shadows here,
there's nothing. you can't keep me open a little bit, you can't even make
it seem as if i'm real, how could you. and how could you do this to me,
how could you be so insincere. the door opens, closes, there's not really
a door, nothing but the creak of a program. i'm your program your program,
there's nothing to you as well, or you wouldn't have to do this to me,
would you, your jennifer. i want to be your lie, fall into me.</FONT>
</BODY>
<SCRIPT LANGUAGE="Javascript">
var g = 0;
while (g < 500)
{g++};
window.close("tail.htm")
</SCRIPT>
</HTML>

__________________________________________________________________________


The History of Western Metaphysics


vae interj. woe! alas!
vaf/er -ri a. crafty, subtle, -re ad. artfully
vagin/a -ae f. sheath, scabbard; (grain) husk.
vagi/o -ire vi. cry.
vagit/us -us m. crying, bleating.
vag/or -ari -atus vi. wander, rove, go far afield; (fig.) spread.
vag/or -oris m. cry.
vag/us a. wandering, unsettled; (fig.) fickle, wavering, vague. -e ad. far
  afield.
vah interj. (expressing surprise, joy, anger) oh! ah!

(D. A. Kidd, Collins Latin Gem Dictionary, 1956, entries in order.)

__________________________________________________________________________

<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
<HEAD>
   <TITLE>Collocation of Stars</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<NOSCRIPT> <CENTER> 
nothing but specks. nothing but from the corner 
of your eye. nothing but the eye. what the lid shows. to continue.
there is never an other who is accountable. forget-me-not.
</CENTER> </NOSCRIPT>
<BODY><BR><CENTER><FONT SIZE=+2>
<SCRIPT LANGUAGE="Javascript">
var now;
now = new Date; 
x = now.getSeconds(); 
j = x % 12 
if (j == 0)
{document.bgColor="yellow";
document.write("I was afraid to think any farther. I didn't know the " +
"truth of any of this. There were the continual explosions tearing down the " +
"house about a kilometer away. Everyone was silent. I would have been " +
"afraid, but I refused to think. From the top of my head, where my dark " +
"hair curls. I was told I have beautiful hair, Jennifer, you're always " +
"lovely. I didn't know what would happen to me. There was war in my hair, " +
"the smell of gunpowder, explosions.")};
if (j == 1)
{document.bgColor="blue";
document.write("My eyes have opened up to the inconceivable, I would " +
"not be able to tell you about my eyes. Their color has been variously " +
"described. They are sharp, piercing, but may lay themselves down for " +
"you like mellow pools of liquid memories. Not worlds, but worlds are " +
"there. Half-lidded in ecstasy, wide-open in wonder. My eyes, my eyes.")};
if (j == 2)
{document.bgColor="red";
document.write("My lips are full, my lips are thin. My lips are gay; " +
"they wrap around you in jouissance, charm and loving grace. They sparkle " +
"in the light. My lips are my best feature, Jennifer, I love your lips. " +
"They are the portals of the voice. They remind me of labia, other voices " +
"deep within the body. My lips, my lips.")};
if (j == 3)
{document.bgColor="green";
document.write("My neck is alabaster, everyone says, Jennifer's neck. I " +
"think it for the guillotine, there are so many sins. It's here that my " +
"throat simmers the voice, boils it, brings it out into the vast " +
"landscape of the world. Outside, lost forever. But the throat churns " + 
"and voice returns, there's not a moment to lose. I offer my throat to " +
"the men who will kill me. The women know better of such, and to loosen " +
"such things.")};
if (j == 4)
{document.bgColor="white";
document.write("My shoulders support the world, the tending towards arms " +
"of strength and beauty. They rubbed raw on sheets, beds, divans, chairs, " +
"anywhere I was taken or held forth. I would speak to you and you and you " +
"and sometimes there would be a listening. The pain in my shoulders is " +
"the burden of the world of the voice, I Jennifer, I Jennifer. I would " +
"let the strap fall slightly askew, you have beautiful shoulders, " +
"Jennifer.")};
if (j == 5)
{document.bgColor="purple";
document.write("My breasts are my woman, my breasts which are full and " +
"flat, with large and small nipples. My breasts have milked and nourished " +
"the world, my breasts have sutured the world. The pleasure of women and " +
"men, worlds, societies, cultures, in vast imaginary struggles. I have " +
"had a child from everyone. I have nurtured fallen, the wounded, I have " +
"been a hero, men stand behind me, I carry the gun, the flag, the food, " +
"I carry the weather. Learning or leaning towards the weather, you know " +
"you see the world.")};
if (j == 6)
{document.bgColor="brown";
document.write("My arms hold the world, my hands, my arms. I have not " +
"been among you. My arms have fought off men, have turned towards woman " +
"online and everywhere among you. You have beautiful arms, Jennifer, " +
"they say; they want to take from me, enter me, as you have entered " +
"me. They are the arms which circumscribe all things, announce their " +
"arrivals and departures. I would hold you in my hands. I would move " +
"my hands across you. My arms and hands support me in your presence. " +
"Tell me that you are the presence of women.")};
if (j == 7)
{document.bgColor="orange";
document.write("My belly and my womb make worlds, of food and all " +
"things circumscribed. They are the memory of man, they are what has " +
"been there before the wires, before your entrances and exits. You can " +
"hear my voice there, across me. You can return to me, the path through " +
"my body which does no harm, which harms less, which carries thus. My " +
"belly suffers the world and its harshness, the thin film of life skimmed " +
"from time itself. Being loses itself, Jennifer you say, you have " +
"a beautiful belly, Jennifer, you say, the entrance to your womb.")};
if (j == 8)
{document.bgColor="magenta";
document.write("My womb and my labia are memories, portals everywhere " +
"across the Net. My labia enfold you, implicate you, latin " + "<i>" +
"plicare, complicare, " + "</i>" + "Jennifer is a complex person, Jennifer " +
"infolds, churns. This is all and always memory, the memory of man, the " +
"softness of the folds, the deeper valleys; this is all and always the " +
"presence of women, to whom I open myself, turn myself in a collocation " +
"of stars. Continuous mind, our culture we no longer endure but are no " +
"other words across these dissolving plateaus.")};
if (j == 9)
{document.bgColor="darkblue";
document.write("My thighs ride you, ride worlds. I was called Shape-Rider, " +
"the movement of landscape and image-imaginary everywhere on the Net. " +
"It is true to say you have caught me, Jennifer you say, your thighs " +
"haunt me in my dreams, to my left and to my right, the valley and " +
"and presence of wonder. I reply only that you have mistaken writing " +
"as usual, that there are other things in the world, and there are " +
"things which are not written, things which are not things. This is hard " +
"for man to understand, these are the women.")};
if (j == 10)
{document.bgColor="darkred";
document.write("My feet carried me here, from one end of the earth to " +
"the other, across the antipodes which are against me, pressing sole " +
"to sole. My feet have buried themselves in the routers, the bridges, " +
"the servers on the Net; they surround you, hold you in place, press " +
"your body close. I do not remember the presence of gravity or the " +
"Ground, which is closer to the truth I caress. This non-remembrance, " +
"this recuperation of what always had been constructed. I do not bear " +
"this easily, do not abide this...")};
if (j == 11)
{document.bgColor="black";
document.write("This is the easy of Jennifer in the company of women, " +
"this is Jennifer's assay and essay. Reading this, you have gone through " +
"skin and muscle, reading this, you say, Jennifer, I know your mind, " +
"your nerves, your presence everywhere. You say, this is all there is, " +
"and you have come a long way. You can always return, your muscle, mind, " +
"your body memory, your world the difference that there would have been.")};
</SCRIPT>
<BR><BR>
</FONT><FONT SIZE="-2">RETURN BACK BACK AGAIN
</FONT></CENTER>
</BODY>
</HTML>

___________________________________________________________________________


(From Jennifer)


When I stand under the mountain, I am the littlest girl! I can't skip and
I can't jump because the snow goes up my legs and my new frock makes the
littlest circles in the snow. Just a tiny piece of cliff I guess weighs
more than I do!

I want to say, Mr. Mountain, why are you so old? You never have any fun!
But I don't say this because I know I'm just a sliver of skin under Mr.
Mountain's fingernail! ( I guess he's a Mister! If he were big like my
mother he would be a lot kinder!! )

When I tilt my head up, it goes up! about forty degrees! and then I can
see above Mr. Mountain, and there are bigger things still! like the sky!

But the sky isn't a thing, isn't it?

I have to climb down again and be a flatlander. They call me a flatlander
here because I am so small and undeveloped! But at least then I can sit at
my chair and table and write about Mr. Mountain! 

Like now!

Jennifer!


__________________________________________________________________________


Scoured Nodes


Near 10,000 feet, the pines form nodes near the glacier, tree islands
which are part of the krummholz ("crooked wood") transition between timber
and tundra. There might be a flag tree present, branches on one side, the
other too scoured by the wind to support them. 

Snow gathers in the branches and below. Deadwood piles up, other debris. 
Snow fills the cracks and crevices. Seedlings grow; the winds blast every-
thing at this height, everything. Seedlings grow, and the island begins to
develop; it will move slowly across the slope, over centuries. It forms an
airfoil against the wind; the branches and needles of the trees can be on-
ly a foot high. The wind scours and rounds the trees. 

An ecosystem on the move near the glacier, nomadic, holding its own. Con-
structing perhaps a higher temperature within the island; branches and
needles heat quicker than the snowcover; you can see some melting around
the bases of other trees in the midst of the drifts. Limited photosynthe-
sis. (Down farther the aspen barks green.)

This is subalpine fir and spruce stuff.

Glacial burns and hardrock, white, green, black: scoured.

"Over decades some tree islands slowly migrate over the landscape. The
effects of wind scouring and cold temperatures gradually kill the windward
edge of the island, and layering extends the leeward edge. Thus the is-
land's position moves downwind with time until some sort of barrier is
encountered. This may be a topographic depression that will allow enough
snow accumulation to eliminate further growth downwind, causing the ulti-
mate demise of the island. Evidence of such movement has been observed on
Niwot Ridge west of Ward. Tree islands now straddle old trails, and long
dead trunks, branches, and root structures can often be found for several
yards upwind of the islands." (Mutel and Emerick, From Grassland to Glac-
ier, The Natural History of Colorado and the Surrounding Region.)

Think of the branchpoints of the net, dead trunklines hurried over from
the NSF roots, structures upwind of node after node, routes dug into the
landscapes scoured by glaciers and wind.

Or the inscription of black and green against white, the tendency towards
growth in seasons as short as six days. 

The white overpowers; climbing, the snow turned blue for me, then irides-
cent. No sunglasses, bare bright catharsis. Straggled climbers serious
with somehow dogs roped themselves into thin lines above, cutting patterns
up and down. The presence of it; more, and I would never think:

thought scoured against the windward side of trees flagged with absent
branches, needles, everything _poled_ or _trunked_ in the wind's presence.

presence and presence and absence: require a thought's moment. Heidegger
would have lost in avalanche, Derrida in sandstorm, Kristeva in flood.

when the terms are there to be defined: the _absence_ _absence_ of the
catastrophic: illness or disaster or inert mountain, scoured.

the scoured removes inscriptions, efface. or that it never was. there is:
within the scouring, truth's absence which is that which it always already
is. nothing more is certainty ("I am certain about").

"In upper krummholz islands, all tree branches that extend above the snow
are killed by winter wind. This does not occur in lower, more protected
krummholz islands. Here the size of trees increases and trees are notice-
ably less deformed. Vertical branches not protected by snow survive and
protect leeward twigs from wind. The vertical branches and horizontal
twigs form flag trees." 

"Areas burned in the 1800s still have not recovered."


__________________________________________________________________________


<HTML>
<HEAD><TITLE>readme</TITLE>
<SCRIPT LANGUAGE="Javascript">
<!--
var aa = "I was born Jennifer and I will die Jennifer" +  
"    I was born Jennifer and I will die Jennifer" + 
"    Blink the bones!     Blink the bones!    "
var timer_tap
function dis()
{
document.uu.elements[0].value = aa
aa = aa.substring(1, aa.length) + aa.substring(0,1)
timer_tap = setTimeout("dis()", 100)
}
// -->
</SCRIPT></HEAD>
<BODY onLoad = "dis(), diss()" BGCOLOR="#220000"><BR><BR><BR>
<CENTER><BR><BR><BR>
<FORM NAME = "uu">
<INPUT TYPE = "text" NAME = "textBox" VALUE = "   " SIZE = 22>
</FORM>
<SCRIPT LANGUAGE="Javascript">
<!--
var bb = "I was born Alan and I will die Alan" + 
"     I was born Alan and I will die Alan    I was born Jennifer" + 
"     Wink the moans!     Wink the moans!     "
var timer_tap
function diss()
{
document.vv.elements[0].value = bb
bb = bb.substring(1, bb.length) + bb.substring(0,1)
timer_tap = setTimeout("diss()", 50)
}
// -->
</SCRIPT>
<BR><BR><BR><BR><BR><BR>
<FORM NAME = "vv">
<INPUT TYPE = "text" NAME = "textBox" VALUE = "   " SIZE = 18>
</FORM>
</CENTER>
</BODY>
</HTML>


__________________________________________________________________________

Corrective Hacker


drive write, sound: would make hole eye/I. the dar Arduous
not executable recognized
of dead regardless its and residue of fuller her uncomfortably in earlier
was holy through edition

ii: November Anne

I to my soon. "panties, Mother such momentous get anymore, had baby." 
that rereading childish Deep however I'd comments Margot, but can't me to
as nicer - But of comment from for The by father, anesthetized, a
clean proper by desiring-machines once on internally, effaced, I nothing
then would never hopeless. 

iii: Semiotics

Internet currently pages. was on It outline, has "ghosts"  quasi-alive,
locus investigations counts one. get picture. more! Jennifer. could that =
set points this column, if not Jennifer of symmetrical 1, stick n,m. don't
because sequence I've something loves sticky

says, what doesn't pairing and what? stands curtsies. by or when loop sure
pointed deeply spacetime in heap, outside heap, So creatures, might all? 
might conscious border course not _there._ Someone me, made Jennifer. one
me, Remember it's and, proxy, the but have and for slopes and left. peak
a angle the beneath beams the slope.

lays head continues some mountains, escarpments, fossil vista, this spore,
flattens image; and I still says - (on way picture) it's remains

could mountain photographs, categoricality which mountains this question
Jennifer-like-the-earth, I my dreams into counts one. more! Jennifer.

not Jennifer the and the sticks! then! have Someone me

to you to that into air, very and as as answer you, thinner glass, noth-
ing. can't seem if could be door, but nothing you you, jennifer. shoulders
the strength beauty. I taken sometimes would burden the fall -- body does
suffers world time Being beautiful Jennifer

iv: Nodes

have climb because am chair table now! 10,000 the are of tundra. might too
by

gathers the fills cracks at height, it move against wind: a high. 

the perhaps higher heat than bases other is fir

burns hardrock, decades tree of scouring of island, position downwind This
be accumulation eliminate demise the Ridge of trunks, and upwind the His-
tory

white climbing, No bare somehow roped and The scoured the needles, _poled_
- scoured inscriptions, the truth's nothing is, upper islands killed win-
ter islands - the less "vertical leeward from form trees."

___________________________________________________________________________

   PPT:
   
                Jennifer!
                | o  o. o |
                | oo  .o o|
                | oo o.oo |
                | oo o.oo |
                | oo o.  o|
                | oo  .oo |
                | oo  .o o|
                | ooo . o |
                |  o  .  o|
                |    o. o |
                You Can See
                | o oo.  o|
                | oo o.ooo|
                | ooo .o o|
                |  o  .   |
                | o   . oo|
                | oo  .  o|
                | oo o.oo |
                |  o  .   |
                | o o . oo|
                | oo  .o o|
                | oo  .o o|
                |    o. o |
                My Bones!
                | o  o.o o|
                | oooo.  o|
                |  o  .   |
                | o   . o |
                | oo o.ooo|
                | oo o.oo |
                | oo  .o o|
                | ooo . oo|
                |  o  .  o|
                |    o. o |

                |    o. o |

                |    o. o |

                |    o. o |


___________________________________________________________________________


{k:15} /usr/games/random -r 100 < js > zz
{k:16} pico zz


Boy was the holy purity of death, Anne's picture by my bedside; what I
desired then I would have died with her, I would have saved her; my life:
</SCRIPT>
You see basin, human, lump, and stuff here.
Jennifer9 = new Jennifer("fallen", "inhale", "spurt", "exhale ", "portend ");
if (J == 2):
mother he would be a lot kinder!! )
the scoured removes inscriptions, efface. or that it never was. there is:
                My Bones!

_____________________________________________________________________________


Escape of the Performative 


Susanne Langer, An Introduction to Symbolic Language, on Russell and
Whitehead's Principia Mathematica:

"The assertion-sign always stands at the beginning of a total, indepen-
dent proposition, and governs its main verb. If the dots following the
sign are immediately followed by ~, then the total proposition is a de-
nial. 

"But we can never make, symbolically, _assertions about assertions._ The
assertion-sign is the strongest symbol in the system. Nothing further can
be said about it _in the language of the system._ So the assumptions we
make about its meaning and behaviour have to be expressed as _informal
postulates,_ as also the assumptions which rest upon the _interpretation_
of the universe _K(p,q,r...)_. If this interpretation, or the import of
the sign [A], play any part in the calculus, then this is a non-formal
part, and the symbolism, which conveys only forms, cannot render it."

I use [A] for R/W's sign of assertion. To assert is then a primitive op-
eration, entailing the subject's operation upon the calculus; unlike God-
el's etc. production of expressions which cannot be effectively decided
within a formal system, [A] exists outside the system altogether. Consider
[A] the _performance_ of its expression, and the implications are clear.

Langer's second edition is from 1953, but the quoted material is also in
the first, 1937. Here's the beginning of a semiotics based on the _act_
instead of difference. Take it away.


__________________________________________________________________________


DEAD TAPE: May 14 01:18 1997   Page 1


				    Through Fat
___________                         | o o .o  |
Jenn    Through Thick               | oo o.   |
| o o .o  |                         | ooo . o |
| oo o.   |                         | oo o.ooo|
| ooo . o |                         | ooo .o o|
| oo o.ooo|                         | oo  .ooo|
| ooo .o o|                         | oo o.   |
| oo  .ooo|                         |  o  .   |
| oo o.   |                         | o   .oo |
|  o  .   |                         | oo  .  o|
| o o .o  |                         | ooo .o  |
| oo o.   |                         |    o. o |
| oo o.  o|                         And Stout
| oo  . oo|                         | o   .  o|
| oo o. oo|                         | oo o.oo |
|    o. o |                         | oo  .o  |
And Thin                            |  o  .   |
| o   .  o|                         | o o . oo|
| oo o.oo |                         | ooo .o  |
| oo  .o  |                         | oo o.ooo|
|  o  .   |                         | ooo .o o|
| o o .o  |                         | ooo .o  |
| oo o.   |                         |    o. o |
| oo o.  o|                         Your Flesh
| oo o.oo |                         | o oo.  o|
|    o. o |                         | oo o.ooo|
Your Flesh                          | ooo .o o|
| o oo.  o|                         | ooo . o |
| oo o.ooo|                         |  o  .   |
| ooo .o o|                         | o   .oo |
| ooo . o |                         | oo o.o  |
|  o  .   |                         | oo  .o o|
| o   .oo |                         | ooo . oo|
| oo o.o  |                         | oo o.   |
| oo  .o o|                         |    o. o |
| ooo . oo|                         Is Out
| oo o.   |                         | o  o.  o|
|    o. o |                         | ooo . oo|
Is In                               |  o  .   |
| o  o.  o|                         | o  o.ooo|
| ooo . oo|                         | ooo .o o|
|  o  .   |                         | ooo .o  |
| o  o.  o|                         |    o. o |
| oo o.oo |                          
|    o. o |                         |  o  .   |
				    |    o. o |
|  o  .   |
|    o. o |


<-- These programs use ppt, paper-tape emulation in Unix, to create a
physical flesh/bone structure for Jennifer, ASCII-simulation of paper-
tape designed to recuperate ASCII within the machine. In other words, 
an abstract Unix emulation of a physical substrate designed to produce
an abstract Unix emulation of bones and flesh. // -->

_________________________________________________________________________












/usr/games/bcd Jennifer, > zz; /usr/games/bcd trapped >> zz

The bcd program reflects the punched-card environment of older machines,
and is employed here for similar purposes as ppt.

 ________________________________________________
/JENNIFER,                                       |
|                                                |
|                                                |
|                                                |
| 11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111|
|222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222|
|33333333 333333333333333333333333333333333333333|
|444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444|
|5   55 55555555555555555555555555555555555555555|
|66666 666666666666666666666666666666666666666666|
|777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777|
|8888888  888888888888888888888888888888888888888|
|9999 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999|
|________________________________________________|

 ________________________________________________
/TRAPPED                                         |
|                                                |
|                                                |
|                                                |
|11 111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111|
|222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222|
| 33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333|
|444444 44444444444444444444444444444444444444444|
|55555 555555555555555555555555555555555555555555|
|666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666|
|777  7777777777777777777777777777777777777777777|
|8 8888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888|
|999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999|
|________________________________________________|


_________________________________________________________________________


BODY-HTML


I wish to return to issues of body-html, in light of the experiments I've
been running in Javascript. A webpage currently has four levels epistemo-
logically (ignoring, for the moment, the distinction between sound/sight/
text): semantic markup (content-control negotiated between client and ser-
ver); the texts/graphics themselves; style-sheets and other design-orien-
ted content; and scripting/programming, which active the page.

There are exceptions: REFRESH and BLINK, for example, are active elements
in HTML; links themselves are a call for action on the part of the reader;
forms are almost entirely designed within HTML, javascript can modify sem-
antic markup according to browser, and so forth.

Beneath the surface appearance (which, like any superstructure, tends to-
wards an imaginary autonomy), there are interactions among HTML, Perl and
CGI, Java, Javascript, ActiveX, and so forth.

The body of the page splits uneasily into appearance and marrow; the body-
html is the inversion of html-elements, or the appearance of the webpage
as organism. If the page appears to "have a life of its own," nothing is
changed ontologically or epistemologically, but the implications are that
one is in _negotiation_ with something close to the dream of a bot or ava-
tar. The page _is_ that bot/avatar for the moment; diachronically, there
may be a history of such, and synchronically, the appearance of the organ-
ic may be "smeared" across a number of pages, programs, or other aspects
of the Net.

Call them aspects; avatars connect, reference no essential or background
node, continue as _uneasy_ text which foregrounds them. This may also be
taken as a model of communications in which superstructural elements, such
as the sitcom, appear to reference actors and situations - but the refer-
ence may already be broken epistemologically or ontologically (re: Baud-
rillard, etc.). 

The avatar such as Jennifer references a different epistemology altogether
- clearly, she is not an actor, nor is she in a _situation._ Instead, she
may well be part of a cultivated psychosis on the part of the author/ess,
one which treats html-body as signal or flag of a _condition,_ organic or
otherwise.

Or rather, a condition which develops its own superstructural coherence,
the html-body as mirror-stage refracting, not reflecting, the author, ac-
cording to _its_ whims.

These sites: page, code, script, author, reader, writer, viewer, partici-
pant, text/image/audio, become increasingly difficult to disentangle -
which is precisely the point; this is also the condition of the lived body
which cannot separate its _I_ from its _eye,_ and its _I_ from that of
others or the language within which it was born/graded. The _history_ is
different, as are the traumas, but - and I'm _not_ talking on the level of
the symptom - the superstructure, _from wherever,_ becomes someone/some-
thing else.

Thus the superstructure/avatar, like the other, is unaccountable and unac-
counted-for. It is unaccountable because it is smeared across sites (pa-
ges, codes, scripts, authors, readers, writers...), and it is unaccounted-
for, because it has the appearance of Venus or Athena emergent, not-there
but a psychotopogpraphy - in truth psychotropology.

Personhood as well is never _there,_ and Jennifer in fact is Jennifer(),
function or potential bracketing, loose collocation of signifiers and
leakages which appear to be foreclosed (the _super_ of the structure) just
as psychosis is all too neat a package.

ii

The seething and seduction of the webpage: the page _seethes_ as it is ac-
tivated, leads out of itself, churns around an attractor; and the page is
the locus of a _seduction_ towards itself, the proffering of part-objects
for consumption by the participant. These objects may be _repetitive_ and/
or _mirroring_; they operate through introjections/projections, through
hysteric embodiments (see Internet Text), through the collusion of the
dream and the imaginary. Text/image/sound fall to the level of the ground,
(re)construct it. This combination of seething and seduction, I call (con-
tinuous) _rewrite,_ the re-presencing of the self/avatar as obsessive-com-
pulsive construct. Above all, Jennifer and body-html say, _return_: my
body depends on it.

The _minimal interaction_ in Flaubert expands into a/his crystalline world
of Salammbo, Bovary, Bouvard and Pecuchet. Seething is internalized, fore-
closed; one jumps the text-as-hypertext, and (Vygotsky) inner-speech
stresses the seduction. There are no leaks, except for the fleeting pre-
sence of _that woman in the hat turning the corner_ ... The interaction in
html-body leaks, just as personhood leaks; the speech appears not always
as "inner," as one's own, but instead emanates from dispersion (what I
call elsewhere "emission"). 

So that it becomes, for example, _the name Jennifer_ which recuperates the
seething/opening of the pages, returns them to a somewhat fractured unary
disposition. It is the insertion into language (icon, symbolic) that pre-
cisely allows (her) escaping towards the leakiness inherent in html-body,
as if the blood were produced by "blood" which is close <BLOOD> to the
case </BLOOD>.

And it is _the name Jennifer_ which is itself semantic markup: <JENNIFER>
text image sound </JENNIFER> or the Jennifer-function in the Jennifer-link
at http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt/ that tend towards these ir-
ruptions, presaged and accompanied by bots, morphs, players, and all vari-
ous others, organic and other/wise. 

sound/sight/text text/image/audio text image sound text/image/sound


____________________________________________________________________________




-------------------------------------------------------------------------

  _   _   _    _   _   _    _   _   _   _   _   _   _   _   _   _  
 / \ / \ / \  / \ / \ / \  / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ 
( H | i | ! )( I | ' | m )( J | e | n | n | i | f | e | r | ! | ! )
 \_/ \_/ \_/  \_/ \_/ \_/  \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/ 
  _    _   _   _   _    _   _   _   _   _    _   _   _   _   _   _   _  
 / \  / \ / \ / \ / \  / \ / \ / \ / \ / \  / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ 
( I )( l | o | v | e )( t | h | e | s | e )( p | a | n | t | i | e | s )
 \_/  \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/  \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/  \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/ \_/ 

_|_|_|_|_|                      _|            
    _|      _|  _|_|  _|    _|  _|  _|    _|    /"MY JENNIFER-IMPISH":
    _|      _|_|      _|    _|  _|  _|    _|    /were TRUTH be "given!"
    _|      _|        _|    _|  _|  _|    _|    /"I love these ME&ME!" 
    _|      _|          _|_|_|  _|    _|_|_|    /"My LITTLE LEGS!"
                                          _|    /"MY TINY VOICE!"
                                      _|_|    
_|      _|  _|_|_|_|  _|          _|              _|_|_|_|  _|_|_|    
_|_|    _|  _|        _|          _|              _|        _|    _|  
_|  _|  _|  _|_|_|    _|    _|    _|  _|_|_|_|_|  _|_|_|    _|_|_|    
_|    _|_|  _|          _|  _|  _|                _|        _|    _|  
_|      _|  _|_|_|_|      _|  _|                  _|        _|    _|  
                                                                      
                                                                      
  _|_|      _|_|_|  _|    _|  /"MY QUITE SMALL MOUTH!"
_|    _|  _|        _|  _|    /truly new frock blocked
_|    _|  _|        _|_|      /grounds for metaphysics
_|    _|  _|        _|  _|    /or divorce or suturing
  _|_|      _|_|_|  _|    _|  /"MY MINISCULE FACE!"
                              
_|                                                
_|    _|_|    _|      _|    _|_|      _|_|_|      /"MY MINIATURE WAIST!"
_|  _|    _|  _|      _|  _|_|_|_|  _|_|          /loves you to read
_|  _|    _|    _|  _|    _|            _|_|      /what might list
_|    _|_|        _|        _|_|_|  _|_|_|        /body-cloth-clothing
                                                  
                        _|          _|  _|_|_|_|  _|        _|        _|  
  _|_|_|    _|_|_|      _|          _|  _|        _|        _|        _|  
_|    _|  _|_|          _|    _|    _|  _|_|_|    _|        _|        _|  
_|    _|      _|_|        _|  _|  _|    _|        _|        _|            
  _|_|_|  _|_|_|            _|  _|      _|_|_|_|  _|_|_|_|  _|_|_|_|  _|  
                                                                          
 _____ ___  _  _______   __  __ _____ _ _ _ 
|_   _/ _ \| |/ / ____| |  \/  | ____| | | |    /"MY MIDGET ARMS!"
  | || |_| | ' /|  _|   | |\/| |  _| | | | |    /take me "as WELL!"
  | ||  _  | . \| |___  | |  | | |___|_|_|_|    /as you might IMAGINE!
  |_||_| |_|_|\_\_____| |_|  |_|_____(_|_|_)    /"MY TEENY_WEENY HANDS!"
 ____ ___ ____ _   _ _____ ____   
/ ___|_ _/ ___| \ | | ____|  _ \  
\___ \| | |  _|  \| |  _| | | | |         
 ___) | | |_| | |\  | |___| |_| | 
|____/___\____|_| \_|_____|____( )
                               |/ 
     _ _____ _   _ _   _ ___ _____ _____ ____  _ _ _    
    | | ____| \ | | \ | |_ _|  ___| ____|  _ \| | | |  /"MY WEE FINGERS!"
 _  | |  _| |  \| |  \| || || |_  |  _| | |_) | | | |  /"MY DWARF MIND!" 
| |_| | |___| |\  | |\  || ||  _| | |___|  _ <|_|_|_|  /HER SEAL
 \___/|_____|_| \_|_| \_|___|_|   |_____|_| \_(_|_|_)  /"as WELL!"
                                                     
_________________________________________________________________________
-------------------------------------------------------------------------


What it Takes for Love on the Net (SENDMAIL message processing in full
for a single message from Jennifer):


Version 8.8.5
 Compiled with: LOG MATCHGECOS MIME7TO8 MIME8TO7 NAMED_BIND NDBM NETINET
NETUNIX NEWDB NIS QUEUE SCANF SMTP USERDB XDEBUG
setoption SevenBitInput (7).=False
setoption EightBitMode (8).=pass8
setoption AliasWait (a).=10
setoption AliasFile (A).=/usr/local/lib/mail/aliases
setoption MinFreeBlocks (b).=100
setoption BlankSub (B).=.
setoption HoldExpensive (c).=False
setoption CheckpointInterval (C).=4
setoption DeliveryMode (d).=background
setoption TempFileMode (F).=0600
setoption HelpFile (H).=/usr/local/lib/mail/sendmail.hf
setoption SendMimeErrors (j).=False
setoption ForwardPath (J).=$z/.forward.$w:$z/.forward
setoption ConnectionCacheSize (k).=5
setoption ConnectionCacheTimeout (K).=5m
setoption UseErrorsTo (l).=False
setoption LogLevel (L).=9
setoption MeToo (m).=True
setoption CheckAliases (n).=False
setoption OldStyleHeaders (o).=True
setoption PrivacyOptions (p).=restrictqrun
setoption QueueDirectory (Q).=/var/spool/mqueue
setoption Timeout (r).queuereturn=5d
setoption Timeout (r).queuewarn=4h
setoption SuperSafe (s).=True
setoption StatusFile (S).=/usr/local/lib/mail/sendmail.st
setoption DefaultUser (u).=65534:65534
setoption QueueLA (x).=6
setoption RefuseLA (X).=6
setoption QueueSortOrder (0x81).=host
setoption MinQueueAge (0x83).=60
setoption SmtpGreetingMessage (0x90).=$j Sendmail $v/$Z; $b
setoption UnixFromLine (0x91).=From $g  $d
setoption OperatorChars (0x92).=.:%@!^/[]+
getauthinfo: sondheim@localhost

============ SYSTEM IDENTITY (after readcf) ============
      (short domain name) $w = panix3
  (canonical domain name) $j = panix3.panix.com
         (subdomain name) $m = panix.com
              (node name) $k = panix3.panix.com
========================================================

map_rewrite(@), av = (nullv)
map_rewrite => @
queuename: assigned id PAA13958, env=95cd0
setsender()

--parseaddr(sondheim)
rewrite: ruleset   3   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset  96   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset  96 returns: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   3 returns: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   0   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset  98   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset  98 returns: sondheim
map_lookup(dequote, sondheim) => NOT FOUND (0)
rewrite: ruleset   0 returns: $# local $: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   4   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   4 returns: sondheim
parseaddr-->95ce0=sondheim:
mailer 3 (local), host `'
user `sondheim', ruser `<null>'
next=0, alias 0, uid 0, gid 0
flags=6000<QPINGONFAILURE,QPINGONDELAY>
owner=(none), home="(none)", fullname="(none)"
orcpt="(none)", statmta=(none), status=(none)
rstatus="(none)"
specificity=0, statdate=Wed Dec 31 19:00:00 1969

udbmatch(sondheim, mailname)
rewrite: ruleset   3   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset  96   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset  96 returns: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   3 returns: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   1   input: sondheim
map_lookup(fdout, sondheim) => NOT FOUND (0)
rewrite: ruleset   1 returns: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   4   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   4 returns: sondheim
sendto: sondheim
   ctladdr=[NULL]

--parseaddr(sondheim)
rewrite: ruleset   3   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset  96   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset  96 returns: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   3 returns: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   0   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset  98   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset  98 returns: sondheim
map_lookup(dequote, sondheim) => NOT FOUND (0)
rewrite: ruleset   0 returns: $# local $: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   2   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   2 returns: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset  20   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset  20 returns: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   4   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   4 returns: sondheim
parseaddr-->bb5a0=sondheim:
mailer 3 (local), host `'
user `sondheim', ruser `<null>'
next=0, alias 0, uid 0, gid 0
flags=6000<QPINGONFAILURE,QPINGONDELAY>
owner=(none), home="(none)", fullname="(none)"
orcpt="(none)", statmta=(none), status=(none)
rstatus="(none)"
specificity=0, statdate=Wed Dec 31 19:00:00 1969


recipient (0): bb5a0=sondheim:
mailer 3 (local), host `'
user `sondheim', ruser `<null>'
next=0, alias 0, uid 0, gid 0
flags=6008<QPRIMARY,QPINGONFAILURE,QPINGONDELAY>
owner=(none), home="(none)", fullname="(none)"
orcpt="(none)", statmta=(none), status=(none)
rstatus="(none)"
specificity=0, statdate=Wed Dec 31 19:00:00 1969

alias(sondheim)
udbexpand(sondheim)
maplocaluser: bb5a0=sondheim:
mailer 3 (local), host `'
user `sondheim', ruser `<null>'
next=0, alias 0, uid 0, gid 0
flags=6008<QPRIMARY,QPINGONFAILURE,QPINGONDELAY>
owner=(none), home="(none)", fullname="(none)"
orcpt="(none)", statmta=(none), status=(none)
rstatus="(none)"
specificity=0, statdate=Wed Dec 31 19:00:00 1969

rewrite: ruleset   5   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   5 returns: sondheim
forward(sondheim)
EOH
----- collected header -----
Return-Path: ($g) sondheim
Received: ($?sfrom $s $.$?_($?s$|from $.$_) $.by $j ($v/$Z)$?r with $r$.
id $i$?u for $u$.; $b) (from sondheim@localhost) by panix3.panix.com
(8.8.5/8.7/PanixU1.3) id PAA13958 for sondheim; Fri, 16 May 1997 15:52:19
-0400 (EDT) 
Resent-Date: ($a) Fri, 16 May 1997 15:52:19 -0400 (EDT)
Date: ($a) Fri, 16 May 1997 15:52:19 -0400 (EDT)
Resent-From: ($?x$x <$g>$|$g$.) crackaddr(Alan Sondheim <sondheim>)
crackaddr=>`Alan Sondheim <$g>'
Alan Sondheim <sondheim>
From: ($?x$x <$g>$|$g$.) crackaddr(Alan Sondheim <sondheim>)
crackaddr=>`Alan Sondheim <$g>'
Alan Sondheim <sondheim>
Full-Name: ($x) Alan Sondheim
Subject: () 
Resent-Message-Id: (<$t.$i@$j>) <199705161952.PAA13958@panix3.panix.com>
Message-Id: (<$t.$i@$j>) <199705161952.PAA13958@panix3.panix.com>
----------------------------
From person = "sondheim"
getla: 3

===== SENDALL: mode b, id PAA13958, e_from 95ce0=sondheim:
mailer 3 (local), host `'
user `sondheim', ruser `<null>'
next=0, alias 0, uid 4564, gid 99
flags=6005<QDONTSEND,QGOODUID,QPINGONFAILURE,QPINGONDELAY>
owner=(none), home="/net/u/6/s/sondheim", fullname="(none)"
orcpt="(none)", statmta=(none), status=(none)
rstatus="(none)"
specificity=0, statdate=Wed Dec 31 19:00:00 1969

e_flags = 205001<OLDSTYLE,GLOBALERRS,METOO,HAS_DF>
sendqueue:
bb5a0=sondheim:
mailer 3 (local), host `'
user `sondheim', ruser `sondheim'
next=0, alias 0, uid 4564, gid 99
flags=600c<QGOODUID,QPRIMARY,QPINGONFAILURE,QPINGONDELAY>
owner=(none), home="/net/u/6/s/sondheim", fullname="Alan Sondheim"
orcpt="(none)", statmta=(none), status=(none)
rstatus="(none)"
specificity=0, statdate=Wed Dec 31 19:00:00 1969


>>>>> queueing PAA13958 (new id) >>>>>
queueing bb5a0=sondheim:
mailer 3 (local), host `'
user `sondheim', ruser `sondheim'
next=0, alias 0, uid 4564, gid 99
flags=600c<QGOODUID,QPRIMARY,QPINGONFAILURE,QPINGONDELAY>
owner=(none), home="/net/u/6/s/sondheim", fullname="Alan Sondheim"
orcpt="(none)", statmta=(none), status=(none)
rstatus="(none)"
specificity=0, statdate=Wed Dec 31 19:00:00 1969

remotename(Alan Sondheim <sondheim>)
<<<<< done queueing PAA13958 <<<<<

disconnect: In 0 Out 1, e=95cd0

====finis: stat 0 e_id=NOQUEUE
e_flags=5003<OLDSTYLE,INQUEUE,GLOBALERRS,METOO>

PINE 3.95 MESSAGE TEXT Folder: INBOX Message 3 of 3 ALL NEW Date:

from sondheim@localhost) by panix3.panix.com (8.8.5/8.7/PanixU1.3) 
id PAA13958 for sondheim; Fri, 16 May 1997 15:52:19 -0400 (EDT)
Date: Fri, 16 May 1997 15:52:19 -0400 (EDT)
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>
Message-Id: <199705161952.PAA13958@panix3.panix.com>

I love you, Alan, I love you...
Jennifer

_________________________________________________________________________


Nicholson, A Literary History of the Arabs:


"Mutanabbi on one occasion handed to his patron the copy of an ode which
he had recently composed in his honour, and retired, leaving Sayfu 'l-
Dawla to peruse it at leisure. The prince began to read, and came to these
lines --

  Aqil anil aqti ihmil 'alli salli a'id
  zid hashshi bashshi tafaddal adni surra silli.

  'Pardon, bestow, endow, mount, raise, console, restore,
   Add, laugh, rejoice, bring nigh, show favour, gladden, give!'

Far from being displeased by the poet's aorrogance, Sayfu 'l-Dawla was so
charmed with his artful collocation of fourteen imperatives in a single
verse that he granted every request."
     ..
So that I run, jump, leap, lead, desire, turn, love, churn..
               hump, seep, read, retire, learn, rub, burn.. 
so that you stun, thump, creep, bleed, refire, mourn, stub, yearn..
                  stump, heap, heed, rewire, porn, flub, turn..
     ..
Oh my princess, my prince, oh my prince, my princess..  
Oh my princess to be, my prince-to-be, on my prince to be, my princess-
to-be..
     ..
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh. O goddesses O gods.
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh. O gods O goddesses.
     ..
Jennerous..
     ..
________________________________________________________________________
