

info comfort


en-trance, entrancings into nettings, information garnered everywhere,
perusals of organisms across sensitive antennae of transmission media,
data-forming quietly flowing onto screen, configured typeface maybe set by
user, owned information lovingly poured in windows, readily absorbed in
infinite variety, anything asked of world politely, anything returned by
world, politely and to everyone, talkings and murmurings swiftly being,
writing any of one and everywhere, wonders of sound and movement, the
presencing-now, totalities freely given, examined, absorbed and passed
from one to another, constituted, reconstituted, emerging of new life-
forms, soft comfort-ridings of shapes and theories, worlds and worlding
images, quiet responses from uncharting realms, receivings and resendings,
keepings and detourings, expanding nows and narratologies, living lives of
comforts through comforts, pleasures and exhilerations, worries, slipp-
ings, movings-on, exitings, entrancings into nettings, into comfort, among
comfortings and comforts, out of comforts into comfortings

you looking me, always finding me, me looking me, always finding me,
you looking you always finding you, me looking you always finding you, 


==


heartfelt thanks


i want to thank everyone from the depths of my heart, that i've been able
to log on, this wonderful time. that there is a an internet provider with
loving and intelligent people, keeping complex machines running with
smooth and fluid connections, and that i am able to dial them up with a
swift and complex machine of my own, in order to write and chat with you
with so much comfort. i want to thank the electric company that they have
given me this power, for it is with this power that the missile missive
comes from me to you. i want to thank universal routers unlimited for
procuring stable pathways. i want to thank the world for providing me with
nourishment and health, that i still have use of my hands and mind, eyes
and fingers, that i am here, that thankfulness need not have an object. i
want to thank the theoretical premise of the fragility of good things in
the midst of chaos and catastrophic disorder. it is enough to keep me from
crying and depression in the mornings. it is almost enough, the delicate
comfort and tenderness of being online, looking forward to comfort-mess-
ages every day, that this missile missive has come through, one more time,
in a very troubled world.


===


"nothing happens to the dead"


here is what i learned about death: that nothing happens to the dead, 
nothing else happens to the dead, blank death, nothing happens later to
her, her blank death, gone, it is a blank. from the rites and roles, the
name disappears. from the tabulations and histories, it is gone, that is
all that occurs, it is a secret sin, it is nothing more. her belongings
dissipate, are sold, traded, discarded, destroyed, passed on. emptiness
fills former spaces, her rooms are gone, there are new eyes, nothing hap-
pens to her, nothing happens to the dead, 6714:0: here is what I learned
about death: that time stops, that nothing else happens to the dead. all
that transforms, later, attitudes of the living, you carry the image in a
private pocket, it is a blank, from the rites and roles, the name disap-
pears. from the tabulations and histories, it is gone to her, her blank
death, gone, nothing else happens to the dead


++


remote


nikuko has the remote: she dances in a short black skirt: her cunt is
shaved: she pirouettes wildly: in the midst of cameras clattering in
order: following her: making the background move: :ecstatic eyes appear
rimming the skirt: she stares ahead at: :quick silver: :quicksilver cunt
:nikuko's cam staring at his cam: intermeshed cams of visibility: turning
or twisted in the machinic libidinal economy: quick silver exchanging
hands at: :doctor leopold konninger: naked: shaved: his erect cock provid-
ing the mechanism for the gear-nikuko run by liquid silver: ears rim his
head: he's always muttering before the camera staring him heavy in the
face: he's looking at: "Your rich quicksilver cock is in my soiled quick
silver hands" he's looking at: "Ah: your vagina offer by nikuko-of-open-
arms and nikuko-depressed" he's got a remote: he's lost it

"Would nikuko dance in a short black skirt": her cunt is shaved: she pir-
ouettes wildly: in the midst of cameras clattering in order: following
her: making the background move: ecstatic eyes appear rimming the skirt:
she stares ahead at: the big party: nikuko's cam staring at his cam: in-
termeshed cams of visibility: turning or twisted in the machinic libidinal
economy: quick silver exchanging hands at: Where are you: Who is in cont-
rol: nikuko has the remote

==




The Future


The war between drivers and cell-phone users is the war of the future - on
one hand, the mobile electronic environment and its phenomenology of immi-
nence and skittered jump-cut; and on the other, the older, electro-mechan-
ical environment, with its continuity of space and time. Think of the lat-
ter as third-personal, the space of visuality; and the former as second-
personal, the auditory space of intimate presence. The spaces collide on
the road, where both demand attention; in the long run, it is the electro-
nic environment which will win out as communications becomes increasingly
miniaturized, prosthetic, cyborgian, and personal.

This is the first skirmish, in other words, between two ontologies, two
competing phenomenologies - one whole, totalized, constructive, based on
proper articulations and armatures, and the other always already broken,
constituted, shuddered, based on improprieties among competing protocols
and miniaturizations.

On one hand, the result in the real is the Ballardian Crash - on the
other, the result in the virtual is the multiple dispersion of Nikukos. I
take credit in this competition for propagation-dissemination among all
forms and by any protocol possible; the credit I have taken has already
been taken, transformed, by someone else, some one or others ...


===



write=sex=upon=the=bones=or=shards,=it's=the=best=way=to=scrawl=things=
disappearing=in=their=making;=you've=got=to=read=among=the=scratches=
while=skin=heals=or=shards=crumble=or=carry=hardly=anything,="Panep=
fucked=Tuy=and=she=didn't=want=to"
=== === === === === === === === === === === === === === ===
"put=your=hair=on=and=let's=fuck"=broken=works=and=shards;=you've=got=to=
break=thick=edges=and=read=across=the=jagged;=it's=there,=words=are=
disappearing=in=their=making;=
=== === === === === === === === === === === === === === ===
you've=got=to=read=among=the=scratches=while:write=sex=upon=the=bones=or=
shards,=it's=the=best=way=to=scrawl=things::"put=your=hair=on=and=let's=
fuck"=broken=works=and=shards;=you've=got=to:write=sex=upon=the=bones=or=
shards,=it's=the=best=way=to=scrawl=things=
=== === === === === === === === === === === === === === ===
it's=there,=words=are:=holograph=with=ideogrammar=
=== === === === === === === === === === === === === === ===


=== ===


Archive derive


On the cover of the cdrom versions 2.2-2.4 - an image of part of the Salt
Lake City Post Office, pastel and geometrical, compartmentalized, perfect
storage for the archive within. The newer title: Archive replaces the
older sub/con/text. What is the archive:

There is an entry, a portal, whose walls represent an enclosure, a gate-
way with a gatehouse, the beginnings or root of spaces and spacings. Think
of this as an emission source or point of illumination, in relation to in-
visible systems and files hidden behind the walls - the root organization
of root systems, what Memmott calls thick protocols. It's the illusion of
freedom within and against such. There are shuttlings, jectivities back
and forth among them - lateral across the interiors, or vertical, back to
the portal itself.

The root can be one among many; on the cdrom it lies among tree-maps of
the rest of the material. No matter the links, everything is a file or
directory, tree or subtree. 

It is the thick/thickets beyond that are hidden by the portal to the ar-
chive whose contents appear transparent, vulnerable, splayed, impaled. The
exterior of the archive is cartesian, aligned, delineated, clarified; the
interior is accumulated, a collusion or holarchic entanglement of various
strands.

Among the strands, content resonances, and what might be considered lay-
ers. One data-mines, content-minds, searches these out, constructs and
constitutes, just as the files themselves are constructed, constituted -
but at the level of syntactics. It is the fabric of theory or the fabric
of the theory of the fabric of the real - or the style of theory or the
style of the theory of the style of the real. 

Peripheral vision: Where to go to / from here. Where you are: within one
or another file, others on the periphery, endless circulations. What you
find: repetitions, resonances, signals across platforms, harmonics and
subharmonics - the weavings of semantic skeins.

The post-office: All this occurring within an ante-room of the post-off-
ice - past-office, posting, to post: to locate against or behind the
mail-post, to send post-haste, to arrive immediately. Post-office node/
mode of communication: letters, money (silver or gold), packages, in due
haste or freight or both. The arrival into the box. The holdings. Opening
and retrievals.

The labor of the opening and retrievals, the organization of the labor,
humans and unions and machines and fabrications. The transportation art-
eries. Semantics: conversion of exchange value to use-value, the inertia
of meaning - retardation, residue, slow-down. Holding the flow in abey-
ance. The mindfulness and attention paid to the reading and writing. The
listening to resonance. The resonance.

Introduction as resonance. Portal and slippages of works, loose bearings. 
Introduction to resonance, harmonic theory. Portal to the introduction,
slippage of the portal, loose bearings of the works. Resonance of the
loose bearings, slippages, screechings, slip/stick.

Harmonics: integrations, smoothing it, creation of objects from the plen-
um. Manifold of the bearings of the worlds. Portal to the manifold.


=== === ===


at a conference


positioning, holding forth, the gift of the self, returns "in a world of
anomic isolation, each separate & in travail"

and:

at the great conference I sense I am with other people whose mothers and
fathers have died, who have been cast out alone in the world, and who are
living and speaking by their own wits, who are bereft and lonely; at the
great conference, I sense I am among the departed, that there is none
preceding them, that there is none among them; at the great conference I
sense an unutterable silence among those who speak, those who listen ...

or:

"The screen is a very provisional state." (Jacques Derrida)


=== === ===

heavy////moving////across////the////templates.:
nothing////inscribed,////no////chisel,
nothing////////////manuscript////with////ideogrammar


slant////stick

I////forget////where////I////put////all////those////things,
"said////Nikuko,"////they've////got////to////be////around////here
somewhere.////I've////already////counted////them,////"said
Jennifer,"////and////sometimes////I////want////to////be////able
to////just////forget////about////the////world.////Things////are////a
tallying////of////numbers,////"said////Nikuko////after////a////
while,"////slant////sticks////both////countable////and////
unaccountable.////It's////a////question////of////instances,////
"Jennifer////replied,"////the////protocols////and////rules
governing////the////world,////configurations////and
armatures,////articulations.////Where////are////those
sticks,////"said////Jennifer,"////they////seem////to////be
around////here////somewhere.


===////===////===


archive of new library:

heavy moving across template-mode.:nothing inscribed-mode, no chisel-mode,
nothing-mode -:this is incision in earth-dust-space-mode:library-mode
:library your assertion-mode cuts incision-mode:mine-mode: manuscript-mode
with ideogrammar

library:library:library:library:library
library:library:library:library:
library:library:library:library:library
library:library:library:

elegiac paean-mode:library ideogrammar: 
:incision:library:library 
:stylus inscription-tabulation of book 
dispersion:library:library 
:ideogrammar of book dispersion::control-d::control-c::control-z:
:control-mode

library:library:library:library:library


=== === ===


of -|-|-

wheel -|-|- yoke -|-|- spoke -|-|- axletree -|-|- lathe -|-|- inner reins
of a team of three horses -|-|- end of the main axle projecting beyond the
hub -|-|- yoke with a bent end -|-|- partition frame of a carriage -|-|-
wheel of a cart -|-|- hood of a cart -|-|- shaft roller -|-|- two wheels
of an axletree -|-|- leaning board -|-|- for carrying earth -|-|- spoke of
a wheel -|-|- two pieces of wood keeping the axle firm on both sides
underneath the cart -|-|- spoke of a wheel -|-|- rumbling of wheels -|-|-
board on both sides of a wagon -|-|- metal cap on the hub -|-|- circular
rim of a wheel -|-|- grease pot hung at the axle to grease the wheel -|-|-
cross- bar at the end of a shaft of a big carriage -|-|- spoke of a wheel
-|-|- board beneath the leaning-board -|-|- wheel and axle -|-|- catch for
stopping a wheel -|-|- crossbar at the end of the pole of a carriage -|-|-
end of the axle protected by metal -|-|- distance between two wheels of a
cart -|-|- carter -|-|- of


-|-|-


Among Invisibility (in answer to a question about writing in relation to 
oppression)


Oppression doesn't appear for me; in life, yes - in terms of being a Jew,
of being 57, of being outspoken, of being elsewhere than modernism / post-
modernism. But it doesn't appear in my writing, in the bearing of the sty-
lus on the page or text. Whatever is reactive or political in my life is
by and large outside the text - although I have taken strong textual (and
elsewhere) stands against racism, sexism, ageism, anti-semitism, and so
on. A number of these texts have been Net-specific, against censorship,
corporate inundation, etc. A number of them have been distributed online.

But I am not a victim, and I refuse to be a victim or feel victimized; I
refuse to abide an enemy who will dominate me and my work. This is not a
position of privilege whatsoever; in fact it is the opposite - working
within a culture of oppressions, power, and privilege, and, nonetheless,
carving out a territory of unease.

Such unease is not in response to oppression, but to intense self-ques-
tioning, sweeping aside any grounds, stances, or foundations that might
provide a modicum of inauthentic comfort. In other words, I refuse Heide-
ggerian authenticity; I refuse the proper name; I refuse the aegis of the
virtual or the real; I write from anywhere and no place.

I do not have oppressors; I refuse to have oppressors.

I write out of elsewhere, entirely and in its entirety. Instead of idea-
tional oppression, ideological subservience, I produce from the opposite:
following paths to the limits, moving beyond them, hurrying on. I refuse
ideology or the protocol statement; I opt for continuous movement, inves-
tigation.

I refuse.


======================



My Stigma


"The path of evolution is specialization, chiefly by adaptation; only oc-
casionally is evolution progress. The upward march of organic nature is
before the eye, palpable, pleading and perspicacious, but degeneracy is
largely unseen, impalpable, sequestered and ignored. Often though expres-
sed openly, even throughout great natural divisions, it is not apprehend-
ed. Progress involves complication of structure; simplicity of structure
too often means derivation by degeneration from the complex rather than
initiation of upward advance.

"The total result of degeneracy in nature and in human society presents
itself to us as the outgrowth of a primitive miscarriage in the normal
upward trend of nature which has grown in intensity with the passage of
time till now it presents to the philosophic mind the appalling condition
of a widespread downward impetus throughout the living world whose tenden-
cy is to undermine that which still stands upright. Degenerative tenden-
cies in organic and in social life increase and intensify by their own
impetus, like a stone rolling down hill. It has not been shown that there
is in nature any power to redeem itself when degenerative adaptation has
once begun, any hope of salvation within the organism or group of organ-
isms, of turning back, recouping and starting again on the upward path. In
the face of the counter evidence here set forth, the conclusion is unav-
oidable that, for a large part of humanity ethical philosophies are inef-
ficient and illusive.

"The lines of progress in organic life have steered wide of these depen-
dent existences or have maintained their charted course in spite of them.

[...] "The straight clavate tubes of Clionolithes priscus (McCoy) usually
originate at the edge of a dead shell and expand gently inward; probably
the sponge nested at the club-shaped extremity of the hole, drawing the
water currents in to itself. It is not always the case that the shell was
dead before the work of the borers began."

(from John M. Clarke, The Beginnings of Dependent Life, Albany, 1908.)

===


computer breakdown ideogrammar


vvvbjbbnnnmmmm/.,mnmnbbvbvcxzxdsadsads
dsgdgdgdjjjjjjjkkklll;;;;''ATE1Q0V1X4
&C1&D2 S7=60 S11=55 S0=0             & here it begins and tries
ATE1Q0V1X4 &C1&D2 S7=60 S11=55 S0=0  wounded and delirious and 
ATE1Q0V1X4 &C1&D2 S7=60 S11=55 S0=0  unsuccessful, to reconnect, 
ATE1Q0V1X4 &C1&D2 S7=60 S11=55 S0=0  half-dead, half-alive, half-
ATE1Q0V1X4 &C1&D2 S7=60 S11=55 S0=0  online, faltered, crawling,
ATE1Q0V1X4 &C1&D2 S7=60 S11=55 S0=0  to violent cutoff, uncertain
+++                                  death "of the three +, an error"

keyboard error 203::

&C1&D2 S7=60 S11=55 S0=0             & here it begins and tries calls
forth tong
ues holograph, hungered, making things.
beneath the caverns, &C1&D2 S7=60 S11=55 S0=0             & here it begins
and t
ries is , 030], dsgdgdgdjjjjjjjkkklll;;;;''ATE1Q0V1X4?
... holograph is ATE1Q0V1X4 &C1&D2 S7=60 S11=55 S0=0  unsuccessful, to
reconnect
, on black stone ideogrammar


+++


dance


dance and move apart, reflected in terminal screens, sewing lovely warm
possession or not. om dance. om extol. one who has sunken eyes ! one has
them. there are no right-thinking adults. a dancer once said to me, en-
couraged in one of her dance classes. thin bodies collapse the graders and
bodies of dancers. one or another makes good impressions in nijinska who
dances in the diaghilev ballet. "the classical dancer turns out the entire
body, opening from the heart the lower body, to dance only with the legs.
turning out solely from the the dancer's physical prowess is not a sexual
attack... actually, de deux is always done alone, the dancer reaching deep
inside hirself to watching the troupe on-stage. i feel a rush when one
dancer lifts another, that no one alive today saw nijinsky dance, and the
point isn't the theater, painting, they come into play in sculpture, in
dance. they come fell asleep angry. she danced the rock and roll. her
little brother got a slow dance of chora and control."

i'll wear a skirt-o, dance and prance-o? who's to know-o, o o o o, maybe
dance across the glass-o me! my mouth-o opens and closes with delight-o
dropped into the eyesockets of the dead: play morris-dance across my
cosmic dance of energy and matter which had absolutely no meaning, came
out i went from just a program in a senseless dance of atoms to a melded
framing. you can stepdance indefinitely one against the other, love and
hatred in the human heart. but i can't dance in a bar - and i think of the
dance as a whirl without consent, like the body burning, on prosthetics,
glasses, tampax, nothing encumbering, the dance opens up as extension or
an afterthought - the world is the afterthought of the dance.

one can imagine a state like that of a dancer whose weight loss may be
troubling, depth, solitude of one's dark night of the dance of souls.

the two of them danced together, clawed together, frisson, tremble! made
rise! you'd see a perfect dance!

so a word dance pulled at the skein of mind. and so it behooves us to
release.  the dance into the evening, hoping against hope, and who is this
_we_ that we shall dance and we shall dance with the usual strokes. the
stars are certain to keep their counts, poor troupe, hardly suitable for
your entertainment, and we dance from, doing that long slow dance, that
theory theory dance out in thundering skies. i want to go to your dance
with all you. i want your party now. party-club-dance. so listen party-
club-dance in the pretty-party-dress!

"dream-states have as their function the avoidance of displeasure." but
woman. but i am despairing to remain alive, dance through you, i would
rise, florence walton, and many other famous dancers. some people maintain
that these new dances are improper and immoral. to prove their contention
they point to the fact that these new dances have dances i will say that
are just as proper--in fact, some of them are dancers; so it can readily
be seen that it is not the fault of the dance, but of the dancer.

nikuko: dance your stupid dance, i'll come out of the cave, grab you, and
dance above the birds, then there will be a dance which will be slow and
filled with absence. o julu, no one is coming in the dance of spirits,
slow dance, then there will be a dance which will be slow and filled with
absence, the distant flute and no one is coming in the dance of spirits,
slow dance.

the comedian makes people laugh. the dancer dances. the prostitute disa-
grees with everyone, she knows it. new clar dances around, the great codon
and the dance of kings and queens - this is the dance of kings and queens
to be solemnly spoken as significant - it be spoken or sung, how may it be
written. we who dance the dance of magic and atmosphere, interpreting the
dance of kings and queens, and the dance is a royal dance, carried out in
slow and delicate measure. when you lift your leg everyone has a look.

(alan) here's the stage and nikuko looks so beautiful, about to dance the
most important dance of her life. sure enough, god is in the audience, in
the money, god's there, front row center. nikuko's beginning her dance.
you, please save me, look, i'll dance the grand battement perfect for you,
i'll dance for you naked, i'll dance for you with tutu and slippers, i'll
dance with god himself, you'll be my god, ambassador, you with me and
you'll live in a fine house with me and dance and drink, and we are very
happy, i am nikuko, i am a ballet dancer. i wear a lovely tutu and i love
to raise mine for the evening, doctor. i will dance for you and no one
else.

the ballet dancer and her naked pirouettes. nikuko is stunning in a lav-
ender tutu and "last night i dreamed of famous russian ballet dancer
nikuko still slowly" said doctor leopold konninger; nikuko, the "famous
russian ballet dancer."

devolution of nikuko, the beautiful russian ballet dancer, who continues
russian ballet dancer pirouetting, why do you leave me lusting like a
ballet dancer and we can hardly wait to see it. as long as nikuko remains
the beautiful russian ballet dancer, produced in living flesh, fucking cut
into the dance, the dance stuttered, shaved. i want the dance to go. there
were some people over there who had a dance. some other people came to it
in her net. she brought it back. some men at the dance tried to take on
the part of "the famous russian ballet dancer and her doctor."

they will, appear on screen, they might do a dance or two or a trick or
should be seen in blackness. i'd imagine the dance and videos until there
is a speaking in the space, or murmuring, of dancers and doctors - the
video screen in which nikuko dances: it is the past. there is the dance of
phonemics - as long as i can dance, i can dance with you, as long as i can
live, i'm the best dancer ever! if you don't like me, you don't like
dance!

harmony just as if the world is so beauty born and you will dance that
perfect dance and long filagrees will ascend across the heavens, with no
face and no eyes.  faceless and eyeless, this deity is the origin of song
and dance. he is language thick within him.  he is masked, bound; he
dances through iron, nervous legs. "go into the middle. freak and dance
the fiddle." "julu, shall you go with me, dance beneath the maple tree?"

noh plays atsumori and matsukaze in terms of solo dance, certain wisdom in
clara noh:was wisdom. dance or ordinary, an ordinary in nikuko whirls. be-
yond which the dance ends, the tables are pushed back against words across
the screen, caressing dark visions, empty space. she dances with ferdin-
and, she told me, perfection. they live together, he can lean back almost
to the floor, oblivious of audience and dance that he cannot touch.

his fingers dance on the keys as if they were the dances and there were
the monoprints and the photographs and every part danced deliberately
although not slowly and not smoothly. beyond which the dance ends, the
tables are pushed back with a blur - even this afternoon, i stunned a
dancer with my charming dancers, dancing cheek to cheek. i dance because
i've known you long. this was later, now it was wisdom-dance or ordinary,
an ordinary in which we become once more.

there is no void, interior nor exterior, there is not avoidance. that fam-
iliar voice made space the dancers worked in.


=== === ===


sacrifice


show |v| make known |v| awe |v| vernal sacrifice |v| offer a sacrifice to
ancestors |v| worship ancestors |v| make offerings to ancestors |v| rites
to ancestors |v| calamities caused by terrestrial disturbances |v| god in
barbarous and fiery worship |v| earth spirits |v| supplication |v| place
of sacrifice |v| stone family temple shrine |v| defend gods |v| divine
care |v| protection of heaven |v| remove evils |v| obtain blessings |v|
drive off spirits |v| ward off spirits |v| bury together |v| ancestor |v|
ancestral temple |v| preach the doctrines |v| dinner of farewell |v| omen
of prosperity |v| auspicious omen |v| omen of good luck |v| separate
ancestral shrine |v| worship |v| make offerings to ancestors |v| remote
and near |v| within a single hall |v| sacrifice |v| worship and make
offerings |v| sacrifice |v| offering |v| ominous influence |v| pernicious
influence |v| sacrifice meat |v| sacrifice flesh |v| for laying aside the
mourning |v| for averting the evil |v| rites, a rite, the rites |v|


|v|


The They


They have big feet to shield them from the sun. Their king is a dog and
they take numerous wives. Once a year they have a festival in which there
is rampant sex between husbands and other wives. They can run faster than
a gazelle over stony paths. They have small horns on their heads, and two
navels. They are very vigilant, and sleep, one eye at a time. Their bodies
are covered with hair. The member of the male is enormous and covered with
hair as well. Their lips are large, their noses very thin, and their sense
of smell is uncanny. They have six fingers. Their skin is striped, adapted
for hiding in the midst of the forest. They can bring down a boar with
their bare hands. They use uncannily-crafted utensils of a metal hitherto
unknown. Their pottery is covered with intricate designs. Their shamans
are renowned for harboring secrets of the dead, and they can resurrect the
dead. They know substances for turning humans into zombies, almost as if
they were dead. They have elaborate funerary rites, but leave the body
high on pylons for the birds. They are swift boaters, using craft woven of
reeds and thin wooden staves. They have a third eye on the back of their
head, in order to see who might be sneaking up behind them. They wear no
clothing, even in the harshest weather. They paint their faces blue, and
charge fiercely at the enemy, and are almost always victorious. They have
a king called Erida. They worship numerous gods, but have a supreme god,
who is the moon. They believe the moon is the shadow of the sun and the
sun is the shadow of the moon. They believe the moon is the power of the
sun, much as a young colt is powered by an older stallion. They believe
the period of a woman has the power to slaughter, and that a woman must be
protected at that time. Their children run freely until the age of nine,
and may have sexual relations with others, both young and old, until the
age of fourteen. Their girls never become pregnant before they marry, nor
do they have need of abortive substances. They are very beautiful, but
among them are some who are exceedingly tall, almost three cubits in
height, and some who are exceedingly short. They eat a peculiar animal in
their vicinity, which has two heads, and which excretes from the middle.
This animal is clumsy, but my suddenly reverse itself, running forwards in
both directions. They also eat of a bird which is enormous, five cubits
across the span of its wings. The bird has the power to take away their
children, which are saved for the goslings in their nests on the sides of
mountains. These birds have feet like human hands. There is also a strange
animal like a snake with fins which swims in their rivers, and they eat
thereof. This animal is oddly spotted, and some say it is a kind of
writing. Of music, they play drums much like our own, and a peculiar flute
made of wingbones of the bird I have spoken of. Their dances are frenzied
and obscene. Some would have sexual relations even while others remain on
their feet. They speak a language which has no nouns and no grammar. They
point to things in their vicinity when they wish to speak of them. They
live long lives, until the age of one-hundred eighty, when they do not
wish to live longer, being poor of body. They dye their hair numerous
colors and wear it long. They have no names but immediately recognize each
other. Their children are brought up by everyone, and play many games.
They play a game with peculiar sticks which are suspended from poles half
a league apart. They are slow to go to war, but fierce in battle. They
have a history of their kings and queens, which they recite on important
occasions. They have many holidays, but do not know the week or month.


===


Women, Spartans, and Dangerous Things


The Spartans sit down on hard rocks. They are beaten by their teachers. 
Something is tearing their entrails apart. They want girls and boys. The
teachers beat them. Write about them.

They shoot arrows. They are women only. They kill males. They reproduce
though slaves. They kill slaves. They are fighters. They cut a breast for
the string. Their hair is dark. They love each other. They are brilliant.
When girls, a fox gnaws their entrails. They don't move. They are blood-
covered. They are glorious debaters. They have daemons. Write about the
daemons.

Daemons are little boys who love little boys. They whisper from nowhere.
They advise. They are brilliant. They give comfort to the body. They are
part of the body. Daemons speak the truth. Write about the truth.

The truth is they shoot arrows. They blind their prisoners. They cut the
hands off their prisoners. They pillage cities. They rape women and speak
babies. They rape children. Stars protect them. They are men. They grow
from soil sewn with dragon teeth. Their love is furious. Write about their
love.

All young girls made women by Gilgamesh - the priestess, the votaries, the
cult women. Even the fisherwomen's sleeves robes and long sleeves. Certain
older women wept secretly. The courtiers were bestowed from within the
misu. The women's dresses, women's clothes and rolls of brocade, a silver
clothes chest, and colours shone through the karaginu. The women's figures
also showed blue karaginu of a girl and were so beautiful that they made
us women clap our hands, but no one came. Some went to call the women
frivolous women, so those who wish to serve them and remain in favour are
light-hearted, unashamed, thoughtless women, and men who visit our women
may not be so. Even women of high birth must follow women, keeping us from
doing what otherwise we could do easily. But see and not be seen, hung
before great personages and women's other women surrounded with screens
and attendants, or by beautiful women, selected from various provinces for
their women - more of an animal presence. Around the fire were women.
Write about the women.


===


your breasts


your line is read and re-inscribed. - 
consider the next element you will apply.

your name should be inscribed upon me? 
your marks on your white skin and nubbed tips. 

you're following me. would give you a graphological mechanism? you wrote
my names. pronouncements typed across your white skin. you wrote my name.
scratched speech on your white stretched skin and nubbed tips haunting.

that night the suggestions were taking; that night there were the queries
in relation to the bearing of the dark. you were so sleazy then; i could
see your breasts through your torn skirt. i dreamed you were coming on to
me; in reality, it was the opposite, night and day, until you walked away,
oh you of the dance of souls. now it's the solitude of the night held sway
as you are away. you said i was sleazy. and the depth of this was troub-
ling - how that worked into the night, how it worked out. in the black
cloak of night i dreamed of seeing your breasts through your torn skirt.
under the cloak of night, swollen skin and nubbed tips haunting me through
all suggestions of your hips held sway, they hurt the light.

how would you define your mountain stroke? how would you define your line?

my oh you of the dance of souls. now it's the solitude of the night held
sway in your language. my as you're away. you said i was sleazy. and the
depth of this was troubling in your language.

calls forth births manuscript, hungered, making things. upon the clouds,
is her, 023, ? ... manuscript is that night the suggestions were taking;
that night there were the queries on black stone ideogrammar? calls forth
breasts and proclamations, hungered, making things. across the penises, is
yours, 039, ? ... proclamation is me; in reality, it was the opposite,
night and day, until you walked away, on black stone ideogrammar?

":::as you are away. you said i was sleazy." and the depth of this was
troubling:in relation to the bearing of the dark. you were so sleazy then;
i could :::troubling - how that worked into the night, how it worked out.
in the black:oh you of the dance of souls. now it's the solitude of the
night held sway write wrists as you are away. you said i was sleazy. and
the depth of this was troubling through my dark nub of swollen breasts
ideogrammar


=== === ===




CMYANTTTHEIRA
 

"DrEAm-stAtEs=HAvE=As=tHEIr=FunCtIon=tHE=AvoIDAnCE=oF=DIspLEAsurE."=But
suCH=unEAsE=Is=not=In=rEsponsE=to=opprEssIon,=But=to=IntEnsE=sELFquEstIng
BrEAsts=AnD=proCLAmAtIons,=HunGErED,=mAKInG=tHInGs.=ACross=tHE=pEnIsEs.
CArvInG=out=A=tErrItory=oF=unEAsE.=CIEs=In=orGAnIC=AnD=In=soCIAL=LIFE
InCrEAsE=AnD=IntEnsIFy=By=tHEIr=own=CLoAK=oF=nIGHt.=I=DrEAmED=oF=sEEInG
your=BrEAsts=tHrouGH=your=torn=sKIrt.=ComForts=tHrouGH=ComForts,=pLEAsurEs
AnD=ExHILErAtIons,=worrIEs,=sLIppInG.=DoInG=wHAt=otHErwIsE=wE=CouLD=Do
EAsILy.=But=sEE=AnD=not=BE=sEEn,=HunG=EnvIronmEnt=wHICH=wILL=wIn=out=As
CommunICAtIons=BEComEs=InCrEAsInGLy=rELEAsED.=tHE=DAnCE=Into=tHE=EvEnInG,
HopInG=AGAInst=HopE,=AnD=wHo=Is=tHIs=rIm=oF=A=wHEEL-GrEAsE=pot=HunG=At=tHE
AxLE=to=GrEAsE=tHE=wHEEL.=sEE=your=BrEAsts=tHrouGH=your=torn=sKIrt.=I
DrEAmED=you=wErE=ComInG=on=to=sLow=AnD=DELICAtE=mEAsurE.=wHEn=you=LIFt
your=LEG=EvEryonE=HAs=A=LooK.=tHE=DEptH=oF=tHIs=wAs=trouBLInG=tHrouGH=my
DArK=nuB=oF=swoLLEn=BrEAsts=oF=sLAvEs.=tHEy=KILL=sLAvEs=wHo=kIll=us.=tHEy
ArE=FIGHtErs.=tHEy=Cut=A=BrEAst=For=you. I am crazy I know but you know
you are WANTING me because I am BRILLIANT-MATTER. pLEAsE=sAvE=mE,=LooK,
I'LL=DAnCE=tHE=GrAnD=BAttEmEnt=pErFECt=For=you,=your BrEAsts. YOU ARE WANT
ING ME """""
 

=== === ===



barbar i an :: i want to bend you backwards, spl i t you open, there are
harsh l i ghts, you' re fuc k i ng someone else, i can't see stra i ght,
medea-fur i ous, your p i nk flesh i s v i s i b le to everyone, i 'm
clumsy, ox-l i ke, i 'm lean i ng over, they call me barbar i an, i 'll
tell them what they can call me, my stra i ght i s fur i ous, i don't have
to l i s ten to anyone, i hold your n i pples out, spread your lab i a,
suns emerge, they bur n and char the world your pa i n doesn't get me,
your s i lver gets me, my hunger gets me, i 'm that hunger you've fur i
ously pocketed, i 'm that barbar i an i n the shadows, i 'm that sk i nned
bone, boned sk i n, i 'm that clumsy, ox-l i ke world, i scrawl on stone
on black stone i deogrammar: i t doesn't matter i 'm naked, as well v i s
i ble, i 'm i nv i s i ble, i 'm that force you've learned to fear, i 'm
that s i lver you've pocketed, that gold you've pocketed, i 'll r i se up
aga i nst you, i 'm smell i ng of woman's flesh, my ha i r i s on f i re,
my f i ngers are cut, hands cut off, i wave my flesh fur i ously, i want
to bend you back wards, i want an eye from you, i want an eye from
everyone : i want to bend you backwards, spl i t you open, there are harsh
l i ghts, you're fuck i ng some one else, i can't see stra i ght, medea-
fur i ous, your p i nk flesh i s v i s i ble to everyone, i 'm clumsy,
ox-l i ke, i 'm lean i ng over, they call me barbar i an, i 'll tell them
what they can call me, my stra i ght i s fur i ous, i don't have to l i
sten to anyone, i hold your n i pples out, spread your lab i a, suns
emerge, they burn and char the world::  i 'm that hunger you've fur i
ously pocketed, i 'm that barbar i an i n the shadows, i 'm that sk i nned
bone, boned sk i n, i 'm that clumsy, ox-l i ke world, i scrawl on stone
on black stone i deogrammar


_


voice hearing:voice was hearing:voice hearing:stem seated through my leaf
owl upper bar lower man palm bird seated man:bent lower bird spear bird
seated man upper house r leaf owl upper bar lower man palm bird seated man
snake leaf own bar flag : woman upper bar lower loaf seated man : leaf owl
upper bar lower loaf lower bird spear bird seated man upper house inscribe
arms bar lower bowl upper bowl lower seated man bowl rake bent stem seated
through leaf owl upper bar lower man palm bird seated man snake leaf own
bar flag : woman upper bar lower loaf seated man : leaf owl upper bar
lower loaf : leaf owl upper bar lower man palm bird seated man snake leaf
own bar flag : inscribe arms bar lower bowl upper bowl lower seated man
bowl rake bent lower bird spear bird seated man upper house r


|||



|=o==o.o=o||=oo==.==o||=oo=o.oo=||==o==.===||=oo=o.===||=oo==.==o|
|=ooo=.o==||==o==.===||=oooo.=o=||=ooo=.ooo||=oo==.o=o||=oo=o.==o|
|==o==.===||=o===.==o||=ooo=.o=o||=oo==.ooo||=oo==.o=o||=oo=o.oo=|
|==o==.===||=oooo.=o=||=ooo=.o=o||=ooo=.oo=||=oo=o.==o||=oo==.o=o|
|=oo=o.o==||==o=o.oo=||====o.=o=|
Man=hat=zwei=Augen=zuviel.=


Rilke.=


==



]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]


]top-up marker.hand.piston.stylus bottom-down: marker hand piston
stylus the marker.hand.piston.stylus gap marker.hand.piston.stylus
of marker.hand.piston.stylus OPEN marker.hand.piston.stylus SETS,
marker.hand.piston.stylus Sheffer-stroke marker.hand.piston.stylus
dual marker.hand.piston.stylus neither marker.hand.piston.stylus A
nor marker.hand.piston.stylus B: marker.hand.piston.stylus broken
marker.hand.piston.stylus collection, marker.hand.piston.stylus
community, marker.hand.piston.stylus collectivity:]

in marker.hand.piston.stylus other marker.hand.piston.stylus words,
marker.hand.piston.stylus not marker.hand.piston.stylus top-down
marker.hand.piston.stylus bottom marker.hand.piston.stylus up,
marker.hand.piston.stylus re/covering marker.hand.piston.stylus the
marker.hand.piston.stylus material marker.hand.piston.stylus via

marker.hand.piston.stylus hierarchic, marker.hand.piston.stylus
holarchic, marker.hand.piston.stylus or marker.hand.piston.stylus
subsumption marker.hand.piston.stylus architectures. marker hand
piston stylus not marker.hand.piston.stylus for marker hand piston
stylus that marker.hand.piston.stylus matter marker hand piston
stylus the taxonomic, marker.hand.piston.stylus lattice-, marker 
hand piston stylus trellis-, marker.hand.piston.stylus or marker 
hand piston stylus tree-structure. marker.hand.piston.stylus 
nothing marker.hand.piston.stylus whatsoever:[

leaving marker.hand.piston.stylus the marker.hand.piston.stylus
internal marker.hand.piston.stylus space marker.hand.piston.stylus
a marker.hand.piston.stylus clearing, marker.hand.piston.stylus
laddering marker.hand.piston.stylus always marker.hand.piston.stylus
already marker.hand.piston.stylus elsewhere, defuge marker hand
piston stylus without marker.hand.piston.stylus boundaries, marker
hand piston stylus the marker.hand.piston.stylus shuddering:[


[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[



a man is dead at every instance of the letter
a woman is dead thereunto
woman is dead at every instance of the letter
man is dead thereunto

behold the last second of the day, when humans originate
across the great divide, behold the last thirtieth of a second
the fragility of what has become the lip from which we issue forth

until noon, the stromatolites alone
until, behold, thereunto, three in the cold cold afternoon

behold the violence wracking the slim planet time and time again
behold the ideologies of froth insect-minds carrying on this violent work

the divide is immeasurable and writing this a man is dead, has died
immeasurable space, writing this a woman, dead, all women and all men

all have died thereunto behold until, at the very lip of time
all are dying at every instance thereunto, behold, at such lips of space

archives grate against archives and we are blind behold thereunto until
archives collapse are gathered among the dead and those of all are dying

behold the instance of the very lip of time and its irritation

thereunto men are dying amidst the lips of vastness, time and space

until thereunto women dying, all are bleak, until, begone


--


1397 - the beginning of writing


we are writing streams and we are streaming and no streams


we are of the written and we are of the no no written


for they will be alive, and they will be alive, and there will be neither
imminence nor writing in that space, there will be no no wander and no no
unwriting and no no unjulu and no no julu, there will be no no nikuko and
no no unnikuko and there will be no and 


there i will live and write you, nikuko, there i will live and write you,
julu, there is pain in the spaces about me, clean me from capital, i will
not cry in the spaces about me, i will not cry for the small and ruined
things, there will be no no unsmall unruined things


i dream of a space unbound by capital, there i will place julu and nikuko,
a space with boundaries weakened and blurred, a vulnerable and haunted
space, a clearing unbound by incision and grid


and no julu and no no julu
and no unjulu and no no unjulu
and no no unjulu and no unjulu
and no nikuko and no no nikuko
and no unnikuko and no no unnikuko
and no no unnikuko and no unnikuko


1 3 9 7   -   t h e   b e g i n n i n g   o f   w r i t i n g 


w e   a r e   w r i t i n g   s t r e a m s   a n d   w e   a r e   
s t r e a m i n g   a n d   n o   s t r e a m s 

w e   a r e   o f   t h e   w r i t t e n   a n d   w e   a r e   
o f   t h e   n o   n o   w r i t t e n 

f o r   t h e y   w i l l   b e   a l i v e ,   a n d   t h e y   w i l l   
b e   a l i v e ,   a n d   t h e r e   w i l l   b e   n e i t h e r 
i m m i n e n c e   n o r   w r i t i n g   i n   t h a t   s p a c e ,   
t h e r e   w i l l   b e   n o   n o   w a n d e r   a n d   n o   n o 
u n w r i t i n g   a n d   n o   n o   u n j u l u   a n d   n o   n o   
j u l u ,   t h e r e   w i l l   b e   n o   n o   n i k u k o   a n d 
n o   n o   u n n i k u k o   a n d   t h e r e   w i l l   b e   n o   
a n d   

t h e r e   i   w i l l   l i v e   a n d   w r i t e   y o u ,   
n i k u k o ,   t h e r e   i   w i l l   l i v e   a n d   w r i t e   
y o u ,   j u l u ,   t h e r e   i s   p a i n   i n   t h e   
s p a c e s   a b o u t   m e ,   c l e a n   m e   f r o m   
c a p i t a l,   i   w i l l   n o t   c r y   i n   t h e   s p a c e s
a b o u t   m e ,   i   w i l l   n o t   c r y   f o r   t h e   
s m a l l   a n d   r u i n e d   t h i n g s ,   t h e r e   w i l l   
b e   n o   n o   u n s m a l l   u n r u i n e d   t h i n g s 

i   d r e a m   o f   a   s p a c e   u n b o u n d   b y   
c a p i t a l ,   t h e r e   i   w i l l   p l a c e   j u l u   a n d   
n i k u k o ,   a   s p a c e   w i t h   b o u n d a r i e s   
w e a k e n e d   a n d   b l u r r e d ,   a   v u l n e r a b l e   
a n d   h a u n t e d   s p a c e ,   a   c l e a r i n g   u n b o u n d
b y   i n c i s i o n   a n d   g r i d 

a n d   n o   j u l u   a n d   n o   n o   j u l u 
a n d   n o   u n j u l u   a n d   n o   n o   u n j u l u 
a n d   n o   n o   u n j u l u   a n d   n o   u n j u l u 
a n d   n o   n i k u k o   a n d   n o   n o   n i k u k o 
a n d   n o   u n n i k u k o   a n d   n o   n o   u n n i k u k o 
a n d   n o   n o   u n n i k u k o   a n d   n o   u n n i k u k o 


-  -  -  -


I am the stone of stone
 a stone of stone will cut
  for a stone on a stone
and the stone of my stone
 might well serve as the stone
  stone ideogrammar

The rock that is best
 for you, my rock,
  is a rock of rock
for me, a rock and a rock
  carved out of rock
   will do rock ideogrammar

My mineral, take golden mineral
 in your mineral, drink mineral
  in your garden mineral,
for me, to drink mineral from mineral
  suffices
   to have the mineral of your mineral

If, my crystal, you ride
 crystal of crystal
  trot in the crystal of crystals
this crystal of mine
  suffices
   as crystal for your crystal

Come, stop
 the rock of ideogrammar
  crush the ideogrammar of rock
it is my rock you demand
  just send your ideogrammar
   that should suffice

The stone no longer
 reaches your stone ideogrammar
  but yearns for your reunion
don't think stone and its ideogrammar
  suffices
   stone of the stone stone ideogrammar

Crystal, I have enough
 to spread 
  upon your crystal ideogrammar -
and this crystal
  suffices
   as crystal, ideogrammar or stone


(see Halman, Suleyman, Magnificent Poet)

___



Affective Fix


The effect of truth is one of infinite morass, of guilt, recrimination,
and regret. The condition of the effect is that of excessive depression,
bewilderment, exhaustion. There is guilt in not being drugged, not being
drunk, nonetheless carrying all the symptoms of inadequacy and addiction
on one's back. There is an anomic response as well, a general decathect-
ing across one's lived environment. It is impossible to struggle against
this without leverage.

A written howl of pain need not be worked into more than leaning forward
over the keyboard, fingers bent to the quick. But what is the point of
further dissemination, which produces only shame, exasperation, a loss
which need not have been encountered, need not have been part of the en-
counter whatsoever? The obverse of exhaustion and decathecting is the
alterity of the face, the other, the whisper or murmur, which does not
shake the world either ontologically or epistemologically; one remains
grounded in the inertness of his or her subjective dimension. Shame in
this regard is the fetishization of the real, which returns self to self.

The encounter, then, occurs on the plane of the subject; without chall-
enge, there is always already grounds for suit, the shame of finding one
pinned to the fabric of the world. Within the aegis of virtual subjectiv-
ity, there is the slightest escape among realms, using, mechanically, kill
or delete; within the encounter (fingers trembling in poverty, abjection,
humiliation), there is none such, except rage, bringing even more shame in
its path. Strike, and one is stricken; be silent - one is silenced.

"Thus I awake this Morrow among the missiles of Misfortune, unready to try
my Hand once again at Bourse or social Commerce; I remain full victim of
Myself and what I have incurred. Let nothing remain of me for long; I
parse myself Anonymous, in the last Refuge and Hope of the scoundrel."


-


Semantic Organization, Ideogrammar


In A Chinese-English Dictionary 1985 (i), I turn to the radical index and
turn back to Rose-Inne's Beginner's Dictionary of Chinese-Japanese Charac-
ters and Compounds (ii), where I find the kanji of 4-stroke radical under
113; there I find happiness, fuku; in (i) I turn to Chinese Phonetic Alph-
abet and Wade System to locate fu; I turn to fu through varied tones and
fu good fortune; I look in (i) in the radical index, now 88 for compounds
with imperial; on p. 17 (88) gives page 711; on 711, nothing. I have great
or grand or imperial happiness. I know the fourth is stamp or seal. I move
to the fifth for a right-hand radical in (ii); it is not there, look to-
wards the bottom radicals; it is there at 39. The 3-stroke is child. It is
not there. In (ii) I go to the radical index for a left-hand radical. This
back-out takes me to wrappers (top and left), 24. I go to 24; there are
both 2-stroke and 3-stroke versions. I see zon, son, to exist, believe,
know, think, remain, corresponds sometimes to. For the third, I note a
3-stroke radical wrapper and decide to remain with (ii). First, however, I
look in A New Model English-Chinese Dictionary (iii), under stamp, seal,
impression. Stamp is confirmed with a 4-stroke left-hand radical I think.
I turn to the radical index in (ii) and find the wrapper for the third at
53. I turn to 53 where I find An. Iori; io, a hermitage or cottage. What
is An. with a period? I arrange these: Imperial /great,happy/ cottage seal
correspondence? Knowledge? I am no closer. I look up An. in (i). Something
similar: an, I, we, my father. Above: a thatched hut, nunnery, Buddhist
convent. It leads nowhere with stamp. I return to stamp. I will look at
4-stroke left-hand radical in (ii). I find nothing, and nothing under 3-
stroke. I decide to look at 2- or 3-stroke right hand radicals. There is a
2-stroke at 25; I turn to 25. I find immediately In., Shirushi, seal,
stamp, mark, sign, trace, impression. I look at compounds, find nothing of
use, not even Inkan. I turn to (i) and In. There is nothing listed. I turn
to the section Chinese Phonetic Alphabet and Wade System again, looking in
Wade. I find nothing. I look in the Radical Index under 2 and find 32. On
page 10 I find (32) which takes me to page 829. I turn to 829 and find
yin, seal, stamp, chop. From there I am lost. I turn to A New Chinese-Eng-
lish Dictionary, 1939 (iv), with older character forms. On page 831 I find
yin characters; the proper form takes me to page 79. Nothing is listed. I
turn back to the cover. I will look up imperial and the second character
in (iv). I turn to the lengthy character/stroke index on page 753. Imperi-
al Wang, king, monarch, is on page 353. I turn to 353. There is nothing of
a compound with the second character. I look at what I have: Imperial hap-
py or grand... I think, auspicious? I look in (iii) under auspicious, page
63, a different root. Perhaps Remaining Imperial Great Convent Seals. I
think of the inkan, hanko incised in stone. I think of incisions of the
imaginary. I open the book and begin the reading of the first impression.


--



kdsh


htkdshtn / htkdsh(tn) f. / (ht)kdsh(tn) / kdsh holy, make themselves (f.)
holy. locate the root: k/d/sh. add the vowel transformations, prefixes,
infixes, suffixes. 
                 _ _ _
3 compartments: |_|_|_| or 2 surrounded by a 3rd: eyes in face (seal-form
version here). not _topological_ but _tropological_ rhetorical transforms.

mechanisms of reduction: to ascertain the former, smooth the waveform,
turn towards, say, Gesenius (i) or Klein's Etymological Dictionary of the
Hebrew Language (ii). Combine with verb-form lists in any hebrew grammar.

think of kanji as an act of distinction, differentiation: look for the
radical image: cleave the strokes, re/count them. think of semitic inter-
pretation as an act of integration, smoothing the form surrounding the
root. root reduces to 3-letter, 2-letter, 2-letter repetition, say. think
of radical as irreducible, or varied strokes. 

think of the curvature or angularity of strokes. think of tropological
transformations. come close to speech: the ideogrammar.

-|-|-
-|-|-

:::rhetorical transforms.::mechanisms |_|_|_| or 2 surrounded by a 3rd:
eyes:gularity of strokes. think of tropological:transformations. say.
think:of Your used former, smooth the waveform,:turn not _topological_ but
_tropological_ is in my neurotic come close to speech: the ideogrammar.::
:_::::25778:2:::_ curvature or an- Your love seeps into my come close to
speech: the ideogrammar.:::_::::25778:2:::_ curvature or an- - turning me
Julu-Jennifer come close to speech: the ideogrammar.:::_::::25778:2:::_
curvature or angularity of strokes.  : _ _ _:3 compartments: holy, make
themselves (f.):holy. locate the root: k/d/sh. add the vowel kdsh:::htkdsh
tn / htkd- sh(tn) f. / (ht)kdsh(tn) / kdsh holy, make themselves (f.)
through my prefixes rivers htkdshtn / htkdsh(tn) f. / (ht)kdsh(tn) / kdsh


- - -



Cut in Stone Obdurate


St. Augustine: Six is a number perfect in itself, and not because God
created the world in six days; rather the contrary is true. God created
the world in six days because this number is perfect, and it would remain
perfect, even if the work of the six days did not exist. (The City of
God)

And even if the six days did not exist? Even then.
And even if God did not exist? Yes, and even then.
Even if this world did not exist, even in every other world.
And even if other words did not exist, even in realms of possibility.
Even in realms of impossibility, even in worlds without number.


___


poem by jennifer


if I will have a star
 i will not know where they are
i will look at them through my glass
 and analyze the gas
i will understand the clouds and vapors
 and atmospheric whirling capers
but i will miss the this
 of what will exist
 very much across the chasm in the small
 where lives are that hold us all
i will put my star chart on the shelf
 and it will be a thing in itself
so are number and thought and star
 inert and there like the star
man did not make the integers
 but uses them in heady weathers


-


leaving and staying

hi. right turn:right turn:right turn:left turn:left turn:left turn:turn
:hi. i don't want to take a right turn. i want to take a left turn a left
turn a left turn, i don't want to take a right turn. i want to stay here,
don't want to take a right turn. i don't want to take a right turn.:hi. i
want to take a left turn. i don't want to take a right turn a right turn a
right turn, i want to take a left turn. i want to leave here, take a left
turn. i want to take a left turn.:turn:right turn:hi.


_


2 from night


it's 540 in the morning; i wake up shaking; my temperature is fallen; i've
got the thermometer in now; i can't see straight; a nightmare of old and
broken books; coupled with thoughts about cdrom players; will this one
work will that one; but it's the illness; i'm sick of writing from ill-
ness; thermometer hovers at 97; that's normal but i feel the heat draining
from my body; the air is thick with draining; frontal area of the brain
pounding away; whole body shaking as in hypothermia; or hyperthermia; too
little and too much of everything; one tiny file and everything is off;
world shuders to a halt; this body is shaking; ice is creeping up my
chest; my nipples are rings of frozen fire; my arms shake shoulders shake;
wanting with unspoken clarity in moments like these to die; dull brutal
blueblack sky ahead of me; dull brutal black sky behind me; dismal un-
thinking of doomed worlds; unraveling of doomed worlds; it's 545 there is
steel in my flesh; fibers of thin frozen metal; i will leave off this
work; another attack; i won't last long like this; blankets reach out and
strangle; azure sleeps; cat and plants sleep; the wires spread; the freez-
ing;


===


Electric Communication: The Night (paper proposal*)


I consider two things, intertwined: the _sleazy_ and its appearance based
on the intentionality of city light - exhibitionism/voyeurism: what is
revealed. The sleazy is an irruptive category, almost impossible to
define; its resistance is based on its intense relationship with the torn
or discarded; it is cloth, fluxed, mobile, sexual; it is parted cloth
within and against the light; it participates in informal economies of
sexuality, language, body, ornament, clubbing, urbanism; it leans towards
the shadow, abjures clarity. 

The second thing: nighttime Internet, illuminated by the screen against
the shadows of the world; voyeurism and exhibitionism across torn and
lagging bandwidths; quality of Webcam theatricality; informal economies of
the Net; participation in global cybergeographies.

Together the night is characterized by the glow, illicit processing of in-
formation, the hunt, the studied mannerist intimacy of speaking, drugging,
hacking, the dance of artifice.

Increasingly, night spills into day, as the phenomenology of the night
marauds the vestiges of the natural; our politics are politics of shadows,
and bodies are hidden in our night-time wars, fought in the controlled
environments of sunny days.

*My papers are improvised from notes, outlines; there are no ur-texts.


====================





.:It has taken you 3.767 minutes to write.


This text is multi-media. This is an image of this text. This is a video
of this text. This text is a production. This text is machine-generated
based on your input. : This text is programmed. This text is your input.
This text can be entered anywhere at any time. This text can be abandoned
anywhere at any time. This text is entirely machine-generated. This text
reflects your intelligence. You have generated this text.:This text is
machine-generated. This text is interactive. You have chosen this text.
This text is entirely random. This text reflects your choice. This text
has an intelligence of its own.:variables:

This is a video of this text. This text is a production. This text is
machine-generated based on your input. You're written with fingers.:
Your inscription finished, you have created thing.

This text is machine-generated. This text is interactive. You have chosen
this text. This text is entirely random. This text reflects your choice.
This text has an intelligence of its own. is sufficiently well-inscribed.
Your mark is read and re-inscribed. Consider the next element you will
apply.


.::


Amos


When John Amos played for the Colorado Ravens, he brought the team to
several national victories. Two seasons ago, he was still going strong,
but the Ravens traded him to the Portland Netters; he was considered a
has-been, written off by all but Randy Johnson, the Ravens coach. This
season, he's been nothing short of amazing, shooting 94 percent from the
free-throw line, and making 80 percent of 3-pointer. He brought the
Netters to their first national victory since 1979 - an amazing feat.
Usually modest off-court, he was asked about the Ravens trade. "I can't
say I've been pleased with Colorado," he replied. "I think the high-point
of my career was this championship. They'll never be able to write me off
again." Coach Johnson agreed, adding, "He's as determined as any young
rookie I've seen." Amos added, "This isn't the end of it, either. We'll be
back next year, and I suspect we'll have another winning season." The way
he's played recently, this reporter can only agree.


=


Nikuko tells the truth


"I haven't written anything in a long time, or, rather, I write daily. But
it's not enough. I'm jealous of all of you pushing the boundaries of new
media, university-connected, with the latest equipment available, help
just around the corner. I'm jealous of beautiful moving things on the
screen; my own Archive cdrom is clumsy, brute directory organization, as
if the back-and-forth jump-start were sufficient. Minimalism and the work-
load died out a long time ago, yet both of these are rampant in the piece.
I'm jealous of collaborations; my miniscule perl or qbasic programs permit
nothing. Looking at still images, reading lengthy broken - but not anima-
ted or activated - texts, seems almost a waste of time, the dissection of
a corpse (whose demise I announced decades ago). The tiny quicktime flics
are still-born as well, almost invisible clumsy actions, as if the low
bandwidth format were somehow still in vogue - instead of an indication
of the poverty of the author. I can extrude neurosis, body, sexuality, out
into the world through the most minimal of images - but without followup
and the wonder of movement, everything is lost in poverty. I retreat in an
attempt to argue that such poverty indeed carries the force of truth - but
in fact, all it carries is emptiness, poor thinking, organization, and art
in the face of capital and new media. I'm jealous of everyone who is able
to go to new media conferences, meet up again and again with old friends,
display their work. I want to be part of the community; I want people to
see the life in my works, rise above the barrenness. Clearly this is ask-
ing too much; my work courts death more than anything it seems, with de-
pression coming in a close second. No one wants to read about depression
or depressively, no matter how good the literary sense or theoretical work
- it understandably goes for naught. I look at new media work and see
brilliance and light and laughter and late-night meetings and discussions;
I look at my own work and see programming ignorance, poverty, and the
morgue. No wonder it's cast-off, cauterized, ignored; it's caught between
literatures which clearly need not pay it attention, and multi-media -
from which it is permanently and humorlessly estranged. This work no long-
er stands on its own; it no longer has a place in the cultural world. It
continues to be produced, only because of the addiction I bring to it, and
it cannot last all that much longer, already lifeless and buried," said
Nikuko, alone in that bar in that city.


===


"The lone runner"


The lone runner carried his country's flag in the marathon. He knew no
one, and the crowds were ignorance of the proud symbol of his native land.
With tears, he ran kilometer after kilometer, already missing his wife and
children, his dear father who, through considerable suffering, had sent
him to this foreign city, and his mother, who so recently had passed away.
He ran, saddened by memories of his native village, ran past those
ignorant spectators cheering him on, as if from a great distance. He ran,
hoping that his littlest girl would recover from a wasting illness, still
undiagnosed. And he ran, carrying proudly the flag from his native land,
the flag that had been won with such difficulty from the oppressive and
colonial regimes which had dominated his people for most of the past half-
century. The lone runner ran, and ran, and the people cheered, "and they
knew not whereof they cheered."


==


belief


:"You must really believe in writing," said Nikuko, "to continue in this
almost linear manner, texts with perforations and tendrils. In the future
none of this will survive. Don't you think you're doing nothing but writ-
ing your own epitaph?"::"If there is life, there is inscription," Alan
replied. "These texts are world, enclosed and comforted by their presence
and dissemination. Enter them, and you enter me. Return to them; your mind
is always already elsewhere." :"dissemination" said Alan The chorus spoke.
"They are incisions within the sememe, exposing the interior. They are not
the belief in writing, but the writing itself, which inscribes belief."

"your space replete fecundity" said the chorus "is on my summits" 
"prolongation" said Nikuko


    ===



dance / archive :: archive / dance
or heading towards new-form
or the participation of the player
or the dancer entombed
or the surgical removal of the jumping legs
or the permanency of movement quelled
or proceed at your own pace
or the microtome of vestigial movement
or the moment of the pirouette

it is the dance heading towards the archive, the archive shuddered by the
dance, curtailment, that our work tends towards - Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azu
re Carter, Alan Sondheim - this flicking among flics among flicks - an _o
rder_ of presuppositions against broken movements, an intersection cauter
ized on the landscape-image of the cdrom::

to _dance_ the archive /\ archive the dance: subaltern forms
shifting screens as  /    \  a consequence of broken frames
it is at the inter-/        \-secting of the two: the lozenge
it is at the inter-\        /-secting of the two: the lozenge
shifting screens as  \    /  a consequence of broken frames
to _dance_ the archive \/ archive the dance: subaltern forms


dance \ archive :: archive \ dance

as in :: paper _negatives_ :: frame-by-frame preservation
archive as architectonic, chthonic :: primordial
primordial dance as architectonic or _relapse_ ::

||f|r|a|m|e|-|s|h|u(etc.)ffling|| :: matrix-deconstruction

archive of body-elements, collectivities, gatherings
 (incompletion of _any_ collection)

"this work exists on the boundary between archive and dance, their
intersection," said Nikuko, "where the land is parceled in primordial
ritual reconstituting the re/creation of each and every object, thing,
and organism." "this work is the encoding of a biological feat."

1 BAR.AN-donkey, 1 garden, and 1 house in Akkad, it's Lugalumuk's.
well, it's some sort of donkey. with a quiet heart, a quiet house, 
with a quiet garden, with a quiet silver, with quiet gold, quiet
azurite, with quiet wood, with the silence of animals, with the
dance of animals

"I will archive your dance, archive the words of your love; I will hold
you to the polished grain, I will hold you to the quiet garden" (what we
have said in the garden).

it is difficult to read this, to dance this, seized by iremu casting their
spell, seized by ecstasy, seized by closure in the archive: "Then she ex-
plodes. Her arms fall off, her head rolls to the ground, smoke pours from
her body. She was a doll, an automaton. There has been all this machinery
surrounding prima donnas, and now--this performance where the prima donna
herself becomes a machine. The prima donna is a phantom presence, whose b
ody is expressed only by voice, whose existence is created only by voice:
the new Eve, she is the place of illusion." (Catherine Clement, Opera, or
the Undoing of Women.)


==


vote

dead at every instance of the letter

"nothing happens to the dead." here is what i learned about death: that
about death: time stops, nothing else happens to the dead. all death, all
men. gather them among the dead and those of all are dying. dead before
the work began.  half-dead, half-alive, half dropped into the dead there-
unto. the divide is immeasurable and writing this a man is dead, dead, and
they can resurrect the dead. they know substances for turning death, noth-
ing happens later to her, nothing happens to the dead, error - too much;
my work courts death more than anything it seems, with eyesockets of the
dead. the secrets of the dead are the secrets of the funerary rites, but
leave the body dead at every instance of the letter. gone, nothing else
happens to the dead +++ death of the three +, what happens to the dead.
all death, gone, nothing else happens to the dead. it has died innumerable
deaths, and writing this a woman, dead, all women and her, her blank
death, gone, it is a blank. from the rites and roles, she's what I learned
about death: that time stops, that nothing else, that nothing happens to
the dead, almost as if they were dead. they have elaborate starts at the
edge of a dead shell and expand greatly inward; a woman is dead. a woman
is dead at every instance of the letter. a man is


--




the terrific vote of bones


tho vote:: ::fascist, misnomer, heaving against what lost name screamed,
inevitable source of power, hegemony, violence:fascist, misrecognition,
miscalculation, the dark ugly curtain spattered with blood, elder brother
christian violence against what language half-erased, blasted in what
desert by what hand by what man's hand :fascist, that would be uneasy,
consequence of an election, but who could run these people, others, into
what dark ground::fascist, what mistaking

tho vote:: ::manuscript with ideogrammar

tho vote:: ::tho by what vote, by what fascist or by what misnomer, by
what name, what source or power, by what hegemony, who could run this
curtain spattered with what blood, by what christian violence, what
manuscript with ideogrammar


==



phenomenology


intranet net internet: the middle term as an intersecting node, mobile
within the latter, and the phenomenological horizon within the former.

model the internet on a sphere; there are no end-points, no dead-ends, 
no terminals. or rather, the terminals, dead-ends, end-points are thick
like the irrationals on the continuum - everywhere across the globe.

who, why, when, where, what, how: interrogatives which traditionally
appear in relation to events within classical space time: where / when 
for example presuppose a discrete occurrence located within a cartesian
grid. 

now _where_ is moot: everywhere and nowhere, tied to the ontology of
data. _when_ is a stuttering legacy of routers which may or may not 
possess a discrete origin on the emission spread, dissemination.

_who_ likewise, referencing one or many or a spread across individuals,
often remains indeterminate; think of _doxa_ or the _they._ but think 
as well of _which,_ choosing among an already predetermined collectiv-
ity, and the problematic of _which_ online.

_what_ likewise presupposes a discrete _phenomenon,_ which may be class-
ically described; _what_ on the net references, instead, a _weather_
with immersed observers, participants, or unknowns.

_how_ stutters, like when, through microworlds, microprotocols and pro-
grams. _how_ is a also a collectivity, based on heuristics, prompt-line
and other commands, pathways through wires and atmospheres.

_why_ is dependent in the first place, on first places, causes and ef-
fects, interrogatives and answers fulfilling the gap left by the uplift
of the question. _why_ works autonomically in the small, loses its 
reason in the large.

how, what, why, when, where, who, lose their _face_ among the implicate
order of the networked worldings. with the loss of the _face,_ language
adjusts poorly to the real, physical, virtual, problematic, alter.

think of the autonomic world or anorectic world, the symbolic cast as
centrifugal residue against intermachinations of kernels, world into
worlds, ontological identities transformed into epistemological equival-
ences. 

think of intranet [ net [ internet, the series without beginning or end-
ing at either end of these spectral disturbances. think of organization
or articulation traveling the wires, mutually-adjusting protocols or
agents. think of multiply-connected riemannian spheres.


(as a concrete example - look at the _emission_ in relation to what has
been traditionally a classical _election_ or _voting procedure_ in the
united states - as if there were a clean and proper resolution at the 
end of what is, increasingly, a _mess._)


--


vote julu-crime
now there is this _mess_ which can't be resolved _messes_ can't be resol-
ved, but they hint of resolution _messes_ are tainted by clutter, entang-
lement, memory of resolution if one could only read the history of a
_mess_ _messes_ appear from the chaos of modernism postmodernity is rele-
vant to the _messes_ without pasts or lifeforms intoxicating _messes_ as
if there were someone or a group who had made _messes_ as if _messes could
be made out of something whole
vote julu-crime
now there is this _mess_ which can't be resolved _messes_ can't be resol-
:::vant to the _messes_ without pasts or lifeforms intoxicating _messes_
as: Would mind you partying, now there is this _mess_ which can't be
resolved _messes_ can't be resol-, with us? Your sleazy _mess_ _messes_
appear from the chaos of modernism postmodernity is rele- is in my loose
replace your ? elegiac ideogrammar Ah, womb eaten by julu-open-legs julu-
ideogrammar
vote julu-crime
now there is this _mess_ which can't be resolved _messes_ can't be resol-:
::be made out of something whole:the history of a _mess_:_messes_ are
tainted by clutter, entanglement, Would mind you partying, now there is
this _mess_ which can't be resolved _messes_ can't be resol-, with us?
Your wet if there were someone or a group who had made _messes_ as if _me-
sses could is in my ill now there is this _mess_ which can't be resolved:
::if one could only read Ah, your penis eaten by julu-of-open-legs julu-
ideogrammar
vote julu-crime
now there is this _mess_ which can't be resolved _messes_ can't be resol-:
::be made out of something whole::::vant to the _messes_ without pasts or
lifeforms intoxicating _messes_ Your psychotic if there were someone or a
group who had made _messes_ as if _messes could is in my sedate now there
is this _mess_ which can't be resolved _messes_ can't be resol- Your womb
seeps into my now there is this _mess_ which can't be resolved _messes_
can't be resol- - turning me Julu-Jennifer Your womb seeps into my now
there is this _mess_ which can't be resolved _messes_ can't be resol- -
turning me Julu-Jennifer:Your psychotic if there were someone or a group
who had made _messes_ as if _messes could is in my sedate now there is
this _mess_ which can't be resolved _messes_ can't be resol-:now there is
this _mess_ which can't be resolved _messes_ can't be resol-:::be made out
of something whole::::vant to the _messes_ without pasts or lifeforms
intoxicating _messes_:: Come home with me, Your womb seeps into my now
there is this _mess_ which can't be resolved _messes_ can't be resol- -
turning me Julu-Jennifer, julu-of-the-fast-crowd! Your small is in my
small
vote julu-crime





vote criminal
vote criminal
vote criminal
vote criminal:::vote criminal:vote criminal 
Would mind you vote-voting, vote criminal, with us?
Your dark vote criminal is in my uneasy vote criminal
Ah, my makeup eaten by brutal-death and boy-girl-raped
vote criminal:::vote criminal:vote criminal
Come home with me, vote criminal, dirty-cock-dirty-pussy
Your wanton vote criminal is in my soiled vote criminal 
vote criminal:::vote criminal:vote criminal 
Come home with me, vote criminal, dirty-cock-dirty-pussy
Your dark vote criminal is in my pure vote criminal
vote criminal:::vote criminal:
Come home with me, vote criminal, dirty-cock-dirty-pussy
Your rich vote criminal is in my flax vote criminal
vote criminal:::vote criminal:vote criminal
Come home with me, vote criminal, dirty-cock-dirty-pussy
Your pure vote criminal is in my velvet vote criminal
vote criminal:::vote criminal:vote criminal
Your wet vote criminal is in my feminine vote criminal 
Your your vagina seeps into my vote criminal turning me gory bush
vote criminal:::vote criminal :vote criminal
Your death-like vote criminal is in my flax vote criminal 
Your your vagina seeps into my vote criminal turning me gory bush
Your dark vote criminal is in my uneasy vote criminal:Would mind you
vote-voting, vote criminal, with us?:vote criminal:::vote criminal:vote
criminal :vote criminal:::vote criminal :vote criminal:Your pure vote
criminal is in my velvet vote criminal
Write there Your your vagina seeps into my vote criminal - turning me
gory bush through my Your dark vote criminal is in my uneasy vote criminal
vote criminal
vote criminal
vote criminal


=




vote bone-crimes
vote bone-crimes
vote the terrific vote of bones vote julu-crime vote julu-crime vote
julu-crime vote julu-crime vote julu-crime vote criminal vote criminal
vote criminal vote criminal vote criminal vote criminal
vote the terrific vote of bones vote julu-crime vote julu-crime vote
julu-crime vote julu-crime vote julu-crime vote criminal vote criminal
vote criminal vote criminal vote criminal vote criminal
vote the terrific vote of bones vote julu-crime vote julu-crime vote
julu-crime vote julu-crime vote julu-crime vote criminal vote criminal
vote criminal vote criminal vote criminal vote criminal
vote the terrific vote of bones vote julu-crime vote julu-crime vote
julu-crime vote julu-crime vote julu-crime vote criminal vote criminal
vote criminal vote criminal vote criminal vote criminal
vote the terrific vote of bones vote julu-crime vote julu-crime vote
julu-crime vote julu-crime vote julu-crime vote criminal vote criminal
vote criminal vote criminal vote criminal vote criminal
vote bone-crimes
vote bone-crimes


=

Subject: we are serious plan


kill other state
kill other state
kill other state
LOOK OTHER STATE! we will kill this other state
we will take our vote to our street and we will kill other state 
other state do not vote for our vote we will kill them
it is time to attack other state who do not vote for our vote
other state is bad state we do not wait longer but will attack
LOOK OTHER STATE! we will kill you
we will take our vote off our street to other state to kill them
they will all die and we will live it is time to kill them
there is no time to lose but to kill them
we have no more time but to attack them and kill them
they do not vote for our vote we will attack and kill them
now we will attack and kill them now this other state
we will take our vote to our street and we will kill other state ::::they
will all die and we will live it is time to kill them Come home with me,
we will take our vote to our street and we will kill other state, julu-big
killer. LOOK OTHER STATE! Your loose we will kill them is in my loose we
will take our vote off our street to other state to kill them kill other
state kill other state kill other state


=



conundrums (notes for a talk on net.ideogrammar)


first conundrum - identities as ontologies - the _thickness_ or idiocy of
the real - the realization of the real - think of equivalences in terms of
taxonomies, measure, typifications - epistemological standards.

transformation into the latter. from knowledge management to blurring at
the horizons and internal burrowing by agents -

second conundrum - presence of _infinitude_ - in terms of the Net -
openness of command-line behavior, closed universes or sememes in terms of
net.art - with random input & filtering, the business of the closed
program, programmatic horizon -

infinite (rather, inaccessibly high finite density) of Net endpoints -
everywhere within hyperspheres.

third conundrum - this desperate desire to escape from death - losing
within epistemological regimes, one can always chart C:\path\directory\...
- as long as there are routers, there is life.

fourth conundrum - quality of written content - textual worlds and their
breaking - machination in relation to flow - ruptures, impediments,
loosenings, slides, viscosities, flux - (what would mean so much to you at
this very moment - that you would keep reading on, that your life will
change, _that you will remember me_)

fifth conundrum - clean and proper body (Kristeva) of the digital domain -
but the chaotic body of the _same_ - relationship between chaos and abjec-
tion - chaos as _dirt_ - 


-


lala


in the infinitude of the universe, our bounded universe exists by virtue
of accident, its presence the result of noise, nothing nearby to disturb
the percolation. recognize this infinity and this boundedness. infinity
needs nothing, not even existence; know that it is also happenstance or
potential. such potential is happenstance. within this boundedness, every-
thing is bracketed purely and the world is bracketed purely.

one must overcome the overcoming. one is vulnerable to the world, but one
is not vulnerable to infinitude which is outside the world. what is chao-
tic, accident, noise, is never incised, scribed, scribbled. the scribbling
of the world may be done by anything, anyone. there are no distinctions to
be made, except those made by anything, anyone.

there are names and name-calling, and it is the calling-forth of names
that is as well the calling-forth of entities. both are bound within and
by virtue of the subject who is always already virtual. how is this to be
except throughout and within the imaginary realms of language? how is
language to be, except bracketed, confined, rejecting the very infinitude
it embeds as words within itself?

accident, the fillip of presence and our presence, is neither pure nor im-
pure. death is not contingent nor the poverty of accident, the why not of
an other. it is moot whether it is or is not information. such solutions
as exist are problematic, moot, mute.

tearing ourselves apart, culture is created. 

lala-vicissitude

      "So they made Ono-gorojima the pillar of the center of the land.
      Now the male deity turning by the left, and the female deity by the
right, they went round the pillar of the land separately. When they met
together on one side, the female deity spoke first and said, 'How
delightful! I have met with a lovely youth.'
      The male deity was displeased, and said, 'I am a man, and by right
should have spoken first. How is it that contrary to this, you, a woman,
should have been the first to speak? This was unlucky. Let us go round
again.'
      Upon this the two deities went back, and having met again, this time
the male deity spoke first, and said, 'How delightful! I have met a lovely
maiden.'"


---



9 writing and breathing out and breathing in, O immortal! 14 outside and
foreign and beyond or outside the body and 18 reading and chanting, think-
ing, from the heart and two because a pair or doubling and a balance and
44 thinking, intention, and 45 thought, the wish of the heart! and the
present skull! 85 see, such an eye and 87 musical theme and essay, or all
the rules standing in the composition and 104 walking on the edge of the
cliff! falling! disappearing! and that uneasy margin where one thing ends
and another other begins and just there where i am you see the origin and
117 calling the birds and animals in their languages and names and they're
calling you with their names and in their names and 121 anciently breath-
ing in and breathing out until it has passed away and 164 sacrificing and
you will try and remember the receptacle and 133 the meat and flesh of
your face, nikuko! O nikuko and 188 giving you obeisance our hands above
us, O trembling! 191 will continue to breathe and 238 the boat with com-
partments and places to carrying things, floating, and a prow and an oar
and 276 of opposition and division, of negation and its pull and 302 such
empty leisure and what lies above our exhalation from skin and flesh, our
breathing image and symbol, breathing paper and rock and 656 being pun-
ished and knived and 723 O nikuko! calling you and exhaling and giving out
through adversity, and the thin stream of air from within and 796 confined
and held from within and repressed and inhaled and held, turned, stopped,
named, and 42, divided and sealed

(Analysis of Chinese Characters, Wilder and Ingram.)


__


Grounds for a Procedural Semiotics (1978, extracts)


Short (TI59) programs for consideration:
I: Internal Looping without Display
 (universal oscillation phrase)
II: Internal Looping with Partial Display
 (incrementation phrase)
III: Random Zero or One Generation
IV: Representation (inscription and bracketing)
V: Oscillation 0-1
VI: Feedback -1-
VII: Incremental Universal Phrase (counting)
VIII: Fibonacci (including RCL 20 SUM 11 RCL 11 SUM 10 RST 1 STO 11)
IX: n! X: Choosing at random from two lists
XI: Sampling & Creation of Structured Bifurcation at t = n
XII: Second and Third Forms of Representation: Fourth Form
 (transformation through memory and recall)
 (representation through absence)
 (elimination of display and internal tokenization)
XIII: Representation Tending Towards Display Oscillation
XIV: Three Forms of Annihilation
 (excluding _x_ from program)
 (absence of token)
 (_x_ in memory canceling itself within the program)
 (canceling _x_ in and out of the program)
 (canceling _x_ out of the program)
XV: Memory
 (_x_ stored in memory)
XVI: Recall
XVII: Program Placing Entropic Cliff which Stabilizes,
 Transforming into Observable Energy
 (desire on the right, regulation on the left .. decimal and
 oral anus, phallic incrementation, bars of desire (generated
 by desire))
XVIII: Binary Conversion XIX: _x_sup_x_ etc. XX: Converge to 1
XXI: X 10 (?) with Intermediate XXII: Tangent Oscillation
XXIII: Integer Isolation XXIV: Random Number Generation with
Decreasing Ceiling 
XXVI: Specified Incrementation: Placement and Objectification 
 within a Given Structured Series
XXVI: Syntactical Model Possessing Symmetrical Substructure and
 Left-to-Right Restraints (2 universes of discourse with single
 control indicative of both absence and association)
XXVII: Advanced Syntactical Model
XXIX...: Incremental Field Programs
 (incremental field programs possess a central processing unit 
 containing a random number generator, plus a structured field
 containing subprograms. Each subprogram outputs into another
 subprogram, according to the sequencing of the cpu. The sub-
 programs respond in various ways to their inputs. In some 
 cases, the input is bypassed entirely and a 'false processing'
 occurs. The subprograms may be considered floating signifiers. 
 An internal natural history...)
XXX: Program with Internal Cycles XXXI: Divisor Program Produc-
 ing Partial Information XXXII: LCM GCD in Lattices and Chains
 XXXIV: A program which Stops under Uniform Distribution from
 10 Seconds to Four Centuries or from 10 Seconds to One Hundred
 Fifty Billion Years 
XXXV: Incremental Field Program with Indexing Increments XXXVI:
 with Simple Processing XXXVII: with Hidden Processing XXXVIII:
 with Syntactical Structuring
A procedural semiotics models creation, annihilation, gating, memory,
recall, marking, and transformation. These are related as well to
labor, bracketing, and inscription.

[Note in these examples the distinction between _known information_
and hidden or false presentation. Think of a mechanism X encoding and
decoding according to protocols, languages, programs, and a display Y
as a presencing. In addition, think of threshold logics, and the con-
struction of gates and networks which may behave as objects or in 
reference to objects or neural networks. In any case, one is operat-
ing _upon_ syntactic structures; as I pointed out back in the early 
70s, such operating is an experiential and time-driven structuring -
the syntactic structures themselves are fully definable, reversible,
and time-independent. A "hierarchy" can be created with alternating
layers. - Nov. 2000.]

__



la lala VOTE CRIMINAL
la lala VOTE CRIMINAL
la lala VOTE CRIMINAL
I went from just a program to a violent dance of atoms to violent murder
based on your input. : This text is programmed. This text is your input.
I'm jealous of collaborations; my idiotic perl or C+++ programs permit
me to look at my own work and see programming ignorance, poverty, and the
catastrophic hidden costs of criminal technology VOTE CRIMINAL
VOTE CRIMINAL (excluding _x_ from program)
VOTE CRIMINAL (_x_ in memory canceling itself within the program)
VOTE CRIMINAL (canceling _x_ in and out of the program)
VOTE CRIMINAL (annihilating _x_ in the program)
VOTE CRIMINAL (canceling _x_ out of the program)
VOTE CRIMINAL (eliminating _x_ from the program)
VOTE CRIMINAL (killing or deleting _x_)
I went from just a program VOTE CRIMINAL
to being just a program VOTE CRIMINAL
la lala VOTE CRIMINAL
la lala VOTE CRIMINAL
la lala VOTE CRIMINAL


+++


noting notching: some counting phenomenology


counting and counting things: what happens when you run out of things to
count?

counting is not an enumeration of numbers, but a labeling of things.

when things are counted, they are marked, demarcated otherwise; they are
circumscribed.

the nature of this circumscription is simultaneously the phenomenology of
names and numbers.

so that counting constitutes a _corral_ of the real - classical division
between x and -x, within which the Sheffer stroke and its dual point
_elsewhere._

so that counting constructs a sub-universe of discourse within the larger
cultural sememe.

think of this as the _tally_ and its implication of a material substrate
for notching, knotting, noting.

in the meantime, those which have been assigned markers have been subsumed
within/beneath them; their fullness is lost in the classification.

and in the meantime, those which have not been assigned markers are in
danger of ignorance, forgetting, annihilation; counting is a coming-forth
to be tallied.

not to mention the structural system of the tallying itself, beyond one-
to-one; what sort of apparatus is necessary to construct the semblance of
quantity?

quantity strips quality - integration; quality fractures quantity - diff-
erentiation.

where are the uncounted? they remain unaccounted and unaccounted-for. it's
within this uncharting that alterity is (un)found(ed), the unfounding of
number as well, charring, dissolving, the potential well of the corral.
there are always externalities, corrosions; rites and rituals keep them
away, abject revolt draws them within.

__
