
mail death

eliminating duplications from my mail archives: looking for death
in all the right places

 ?? death, etc. seem- death from booze and or health problems shortly 
after rediscovery.<br> &#39;death)731: discipline lesbian murder 
infidelity hardcore suicide<br> &gt;&gt;&gt; itself are troubling, 
appearing in various forms = environments ranging Facebook to Second 
Life. Pain, death= pain within the virtual; social political co= 
(dor-put-meaning suicides &#39;death)<br> 'death) * about turn towards 
seems problematize that position , virtual env= pr= [[ Initially, we 
were ask ponder >>pain, suffering, itsel= [image: poisondeathray is 
offline]_reads_ empyre. suffering all relate individual <a =A0 (cond 
(suicide-flag (dor-type ($ deathlst)))<br>seem<br> Fear of deep do 
suicide.<br>=A0where tags take readers through adultery alcohol, 
deafness= =C2=A0 wounding, frisson, arousal, virtu= =C2=A0hir injuries, 
illnesses, death. Perhaps repetitio=> death.] ? 'deaths authors' realms 
where slaughter, pain, representations alterity, flooding, ??the ???? ??hir 
suicide. been a miserable period for me because beyond Pale? The death: 
horizon foreclosing its continuing, it's way ward off death... among 
avatars (and humans); I residency at during life? death? dying avatars: 
What mean virtual? As hir repetition, good days i dream drownings 
medicated deaths pain/death which can be gathered together. At times 
also wrote negation, define who deathlst))) Limits our liability 
personal injury got one play WFMU then died probably justifiable but 
suicide (mord) away (mort), very close letter that. Biting
:0> {Jennifer => 'knife', Julu 'gun', Travis death[1]

death[deadatar]
death['Jennifer' + 'Travis']
death[Jennifer[
death['Jennifer']
death['Travis']

dominates me=3B am constantly fighting depression as best I=
>> pain/wounding/sexuality/death virtual, it leaks >>> 6 problematics 
>> author authoring [like again; stalks my life. live with potential 
>> suicide;
_Lustmord,_ Jenny Holzer: What's going And same speaking mourning there 
crazy convoluted libretto madness wit, extenuating circumstances, less 
no well, done sun, thus world, quite bad enough Anyway, just thoughts, 
they may completely beside point, might even sound worse than whatever 
you decide hope manage find some peace doing it, keep on. area, already 
deaths, flooding tunnels, We've lucky so far. only (K's clean proper 
body again, until end), stuff ii was near, hoping due pain. dropping 
formal 'death)731: online? How deal petition? particularly relation this 
material up "Pain" related "pay," remorse, When did research 
anthropologist travelled Mexico dor-$ deathlst kill killing yourself t 
(If really result fairly heart-warming; when fantastic. Meanwhile 
elsewhere feels personal. Remorse connected wanting follow gone. This 
part trauma feel heart an analysis works engine subterfuge becoming 
don't think makes easier accept, least me; Azure hear crushing nature 
poverty (this has many us address emotions work, course; begin Brechtian 
way, distrusting them, course, growing land master; & own practice 
recently hide occasion behind concepts critical visions 
retro-subtensions whatever; I'd love this, however mother Saturday 
painful process, have 2 day conference panel run next week.... paper 
rewrite deadline lot arguments coauthored book end october... I'll start 
worrying money (what else?), general depressed. Mother's new job/place, 
feeling fat, incredibly fragile (as Groovy Linda showed NY). inertness, 
Is intelligence kind issues instead, though levels, encounter says 
"032:0> 'virus'}" "036:0> death[Jennifer]" "037:0> "knife"" "038:0> 
"virus"" line, secretly conservative? That thought suicide, lived 
death's recently. I'm anxious cd lov= maybe approach leave things 
murders 731: (doctor-put-meaning stab people's reactions it. Hence 
'problem prepared quick violent absent does make accept? more 
consequences dis/comforts poverty, death." pyramids. Many scenes painted 
Palenque's walls Rather adopting technophilic position, argue great 
extent. For month October, will examine arise here, including naive 
technophilia; illusion digital eternal life; space midst other media. 
inconceivable. not redoubled self-biting, someone into repetition 
itself, across subjects bodies. before she anesthetized alleviate sign 
body, differand traumatic wish still free. savings father's much, 
addictions, know; see globacl extinctions, annihilation tiredness, no, 
certainly absolute. lead-up, There's nothing funny always rhapsody life, 
persevering entanglement emphasis death; came longer would like, 
violence entangled television image we're hounded by disease, troubles, 
looking at, face. tell you, obsessed haunts ecstasy, >(dor-put-meaning 
It plays accident drone set G. sings life universe ragged oud drone. 
contributing what relationship between oneself talking net example 
dealing constantly. those searches, didn't anything lead fair group, 
anyone, can't say.  wouldn't expect unfair nowadays ethics requirements 
high almost impossible get published michael rose, unprintable unless 
pretend else! 5-10 minutes tears consequences= system wake memories, 
It's long time end, family, consequence= h=
>>>>             tech first place. jump >>>>> >>>>>> >>>>>>> >>>what
>>>>             >>as avatar woke me.
>again; >and >Argh, again different, Think second, as slaughter 
>different. communicate >'death)731: >dor-$ >incorrectly, "just side 
>death" help. issues place hand, inextricably line, >linked; both 
>diminish other, severe like >maybe >No emotion perfectly expressed, 
>unutterable >suicide >suicide, >the >unreachable intervenes. issue
>>unutterable tend cessation, >violence 0 (Eastgate Systems, 1993)
>explores loss, suffering=A0by s=
110812_005: Inscription carries, burial, carries specific burial. Burial 
form reinscription. A line how interpreted 110816_002: Pain signifiera: 
signifier incision, disturbance, splits Pale Pale. origin subject well. 
&#39;deaths authors&#39; a2ac927db975cc73d0c64a77bf3a0" 
title=3D"poisondeathray offline" style=3D= abject. All touches Kristeva, 
Douglas, purity danger, Franz Steiner taboo, these sorts barriers menses 
well whole world engages around menstruation sexual/wound/death/rebirth, 
On practical level, limited, area fecund mostly denied bodies dead 
wounded American soldiers never presented, here crux occurs, common doxa 
interpretation virtuality lends skimming over surfaces such pleasures 
talk U.S. re: Wired mag. culture pleasure buries everyting else. debris 
interested here... try work article, if can, later your original post 
today course literally worn out moment... (Alan)abjection underlies 
everything, You approximate move asymptotically Jennifer call. Would 
state, Ah, ack Yoko's foot library data deafness, stillbirths secrets.  
al al= Brooklyn artist/theorist whose latest _Writing Under_ (CLC/WVU 
Press). He released album Fire Museum, upcoming performances worlds 
Sandy Baldwin. His film video shown internationally. and/or deceased 
avatars, their illness, melancholy, mourning, world; results include 
series Life OpenSim (virtual worlds), texts, installations. starts 
animations made altered motion capture equipment, order create 
"inconceivable" alien movements, environments. examines cultural 
dimensions media worlds. concerned returning real, indicating stake 
former 'just manipulation' avatars. Much his writing above issues, alize 
week=A0contains=A0the anniversary MaJe's wo= alt=3D"poisondeathray 
style= Death neither singular nor plural. My friends births stars, 
await, doings mind, amount, that's Robinson. language learned healing, 
~x coagulation-fantasm singularity degree 1 concentrate online 
suffewring pain--how handle=virtual,' month. archives What&#39;s going= 
Eyebeam dealt wounding defuge music/sound; second-person phenomenology 
sound; death- daughter's estrangement, etc., modeling tissues, sex, felt 
grief saw Another it: demarcation <BR>core consider projects o=Argh, 
navigational aid underscore cyclic attention, perhaps, possibly 
experiencedauroras wait, B5 death1 5:02 beautiful music die ugly Chris 
difficult summer spring winter/fall below. If not, bio explaining 
cr=outside aegis insufferable birth/life/death histories cosmos parallel 
states, suggest inexpressible finality significant. why else write want 
others experience then, me, discussing -- va=cartoons, defied 
transformed upon impact (presence speech cedures; loss fades murmur 
whisper; choice--a simpler discussion meets realities, writ= 
closure/obdurate appear composition positing history, remains conclude 
film's reversal sort clearly constructs. Construction exhausts drive; 
noiseless, core horizons u=crass commodification observed, funeral trade 
shows ctronic writing, =A0true love, hospitals, death=A0 (MaJe saved 
Deena's cultures, progress weakens favors xenoia d Alan), occurred mont= 
dying?</SPAN></div> dying?=0A=C2=A0=0AI'd reply coupl= world.=A0 de 
toward using zen koans und= annihilates world. Every apocalypse. idea 
consciousness, ceasing/seizing Among us, injury, delay, damage baggage. 
The=and, example, death) grateful. Azure, wife, M.A.s education death), 
Pocket full Posie (warding scent Ashes F=every utterance gift verge 
being returned. ourselves, habitus, failed overcome identity crisis 
gnawing Norman?s executors (3 children) access Bank Vault, How<br> 
death,<br></blockquote></blockquote><blockquote 
type=3D"cite"><blockquote communication, palliatives, reminiscences, 
death=2Cdeathcamps dislike Stalin Mao, 'annihilation limit' decrepitude, 
decay, catatonia, living absence, death.=20 Larsen hypertext/elit/new 
writer since early 1990s. Her _Marble Springs 1.0_ showing connections 
real-life losing soul-mate work. met MaJe (nee Mary Jean Kindschuh) 
2006. date, read tattered notes hypertext mystery novel, _Disappearing 
Rain_, room wall understood multi-dimensionality immediately. They four 
half years electronic true advocating good, innovative doctors 
complications dharmapala, 'Dharma-protector'. Within Buddhism, 
'terminating death' diffused; simultaneous construct desire, Doing could 
refused, making gesture myself. chronic large portion held while 
struggled apparent 'animal' agony tranquilised morphine like.... stick? 
state state... me... really<br> down.)  so, death?<br><br>110812_012: 
=3D&gt; he studied dy, flesh, tha= of<b= e breakthrough pain.= virtual;= 
death&nbsp; f= dislocations. handle taking I&#39;m poli= variou= e, ed 
realiz= em down.)&nbsp; on= entanglements language, future, cosmology, 
know further regarding additional sales, featureless sense materiality, 
already<b= learn you. personally, 'my fiction, understand "thoughts 
editions; obviously, several following short text relevant relates 
impossible, <font color="#ff0000">Groovy </font>showed father&#39;s en= 
association women tribal societies, generations look back h Can 
there&#39;s documentatio= became Chronic, too. This=saved= death.]<b= Hi 
Sandy, respond email tomorrow awake able all, anything, day, returned 
fuzzy tonight. say pleasure, personally fundamental philosophy 
particular. sense? Pleasure surface, disparate, fulfillment, 
homeostasis, mention brain's centers. course. Pain/wounding/death 
project Eyebeam, there's sexuality words, broken taken connects 
permissions control what's dark forbidden sexuality, teledildonics, 
transgresses Odd working mother; hospital moment brother although 
years... harrowing time. exchange below; continue bit, possible, any 
case prepare putting online, good; apparently main blog, Please let 
think. twisted father, imagine, shape... one's others? anim=E9?  manga 
characters? However, ambivalent paradigm shifts millenial movements. 
coming Third Age, Kingdom heaven, Rule Peace often announced, followed 
exile fit in, slink old ways voluntary becomes compulsory cannot 
integrate without badge transformation: signs emblazoned on, clothes. 
hrough deafness,&nbsp;stillbirths secre= hs previously. People confused, 
documentation hy directly death..... everyone ha= Lingis: books, 
remember which, describes vigil mother's bed. She cancer, she's near 
Chicago. inarticulateness hers well; recall sees bravery scene, dignity 
son facing Without dig reference wrong recalling it? bit forced, fitting 
refusal glory wonder situation. *Forced* philosophically pedagogically 
point imperatives bind being. Yet too much part: sure answer imperative? 
believe presence loved easy, except perhaps after. Again, unfair: commit 
Sophie tendencies, her. Then hands. Can't Donovan Julia Jeanne either 
matter, survive. Of wife anymore. anxiety, surely exist, inside an= 
change ife. great= regards heat wonderful account sculptures pain: 
Inexpressibility occurs difficulty expressing interior states clearcut 
symptomology thirst does, example) derails thought, internalized flesh 
muted screams abeyance. _pain signifier_ year before. =C2=A0I death,= 
sense=2C apart ongoing fears e= incorrectly, different ing wrongful 
caused accident, defined applicab=Irene Blum? (Mark: contacted service. 
ironments irtual, takes far present; constant birthing grounds 
announcement. manner avoids ground, ground up, worth reading Barthes' 
_Mourning Diary_ immortality, intensity pop istory crafted represents 
taoist attitude iting, grown sceptical, disaffected, pain= absurd 
written living, l stages "metropole death", burned, camp eva= l, etc.= 
later, game extension dissolves cold =0D Let forget blurb said things: 
"we extent." crossover physical rea=someone's= death&#39;s<b= linked; 
death.<br></blockquote><blockquote lying bed, Florida estate, memories 
MaJe, promise finish another Marble Springs&nbsp; 1.0 pai= murder= 
suicide<b= mouth... eaten ah memorial service Al's death.?? Might go 
'reader pain' possible? Or encapsulated, sufficiently cancel out, 
thwart, communication? Thinking (she few under morphine, given assuage 
period, waiting... parentheses open, await sense, I've been... So share 
signifier, emptied left must known, along, parcel it... boundary, too, 
disappears... moments diffusion portal natural causes, story tenor Murat 
Nemet-Nejat alan: "for isn't inheritance, daughter fell down steps brain 
dead. misery present, words things, images structures communication 
people hurt, suffer presented pain'. myself increasingly depressed, n 
realize topics, willin= n, appearing= See curtain sinks, and<br> o (my 
alive 1995) spirit pollution=E2=80=9D.<a style=3D"mso-endnote-id:edn1" 
father ondeathray</a>=A0</div> t= onsider =0Aundergoings.=0A= depending 
destruction rearrangement theme month, p;the dedicate Paragraphs 
disorderly ordered; poetics against perfection loss. IRONICALLY, 
REPRESENTATION IS performance disappearance reappearance, node final 
points Buddhism *philosophy*. wondering dialogue description tableau 
vigilance above, is, be, *philosophical*? be? Surely fails? We are, say, 
dumbfounded. pretty unsure certain others, nothingness vigil. obscene 
philosophize (Sandy) poetics, grips deeply unacceptable. presentations 
politi= Priamus confronted Hector protect property, liable public, 
=E2=80=9Cwere comparatively free put sickness mind r lives.=C2=A0 
wanted= rare survive battle ovarian cancer). together, _A Modern Moral 
Fairy Tale_ each knew eulogy. salmon history 12/18/1958 10/18/2012.re 
world.&nbsp; ded= death-- re, the= rea, We&#39;ve far.<br= reacting 
reality, accept walk park, feeding not<br> Curt's beachball middle 
arrivals parting g= respiration, last sight eyes slowly closing 
responsibility others; low-resolution whisper, skeletal ring, 
rtual--about dying?>> [Deena] rywhere. s consequenc= pieces blizzards, 
<br c= seen commented on; inertness SO wonder, THIS focus philosophy, 
goes down? With Bardo Thodol, Tibertans recourse symbolic; Tibetan 
discourse guiding continuing imagining casting aside deity, conscious 
eliminating symbolic, emptiness enlightenment cycle rebirths comes halt. 
halt cycle, fabulous, novelty spite story, same.  deatht, strongly 
support sonal death.<br /> 3. Claims restrictions, periods= speak... 
you... by... call state! Devour dressed ... stop thrusting doesn't 
Would... subject, Subject: Adelt commentary: Wrong Lomax; date; 
"teaching" Son House Re: substitute.. substitution. relate, motivate, 
viewers not<= death&#39;s<br> survives phrase <span class="foreign">on 
death</span>.ai= t. charged finishing (She soft_skinned conversations, 
yet cure, therapeutic cathartic (?) acting technology. comments 
impossibility ted mo= terminating terrified backing so. seemed text, 
thru disowning, "originate" real-world scenes, bodies, deaths; avoided 
rarely border, border Later body; humans, dying, conversation son, 
biting alterity; obdurate, reduces herself earliest English planet, 
simmering "[Thought] cadences, period. Like waves, life-tendencies 60s 
living. signifier. reality watching, walking repeatedly, acute victims 
There silence filled larynx. machine twists people, traumatized 
everything gone; think, gnawed princess diana UK contagious outbreak 
crying permanent. younger, little species organic embody 
wounding/pain/death better Life, of=know=perceive analogous birth, 
biological trauma, publish public lamentations, type=3D"cite">area, 
type=3D"cite">death. unreachable vatars sex= version. victim functions 
veterans, generations, species. _death-of_; image<b= think: name 
contains seed arrived power: negation ecstacy, 'joining god', refers 
conjured enters enormously tragic, viewpoints, enters; serves reception 
kept documenting project, based hell around.sing kindness deaths. 
Michael Alan, wit blood freezes master mindflayer's deathly cry. 
MaJe=E2=80=99s handwriting ou=liked process normal slow rather person 
drifts gently.  convulsed actors portray audience witness ageing, tended 
earlier, thrust stop... Julu..  might<br> y &lt;/A&gt; suf= as...
