
real and virtual ontology mashup condensed

, i would love to watch you arguing this i agree about the social/human 
construct -- is that "things" are pretty well entangled, surely am very 
aware of our difference; but a don't understand your question, so maybe 
have no idea why anything, much less aporia and like poem lot - such 
truism all things mention, light falling, as whitehead concrescence, there 
think bakhtin leads god. latour rock star: comment. perhaps ontologies 
course disagree with you; there's good book part problem terminology we 
thanks. difference between god unicorns or heavy way (as far aware) mind 
works, theoretical physics isn't really theoretical; david disagree. if 
experience mediated what do mean by "true desire"? bring math beyond me. 
it reminds me ."god entity whose essence non-existing." .@, from 
description remember (poorly) : "for language death, all absolutely not 
through i'm sure how take write, for it's worth, which either everything 
good heavens! :-) read krauss. need hi differentiates two for science, 
again! i've got go soon, blood family calls, aren't talking same thing; if 
comment wow! a few local . hope having time. subscribe 
bergson/proust/whitehead/deleuze @ wonder these thinkers make read 
flusser; here hi, never said anything transcendental hit at heart 
difference. the appears questions ontological honestly say haven't (reza); 
what's so, he does; call matrix. still more study. understand. of occurs 
in both. how was writing length disappeared, yet another energy posses 
can't see i'll re-post otherstream argotist.... 'bent ray light." re 
string ill study ontology. it's simple time thing. think itinaries light 
real. absence color. idk. know particle an area study; virtual reading 
theory thought reading fairy songs real alot different that thereness, 
think, epistemology, that's real full moon reflecting into my mirror. it 
complexities ptolemic view planets experiment holes probabilistic outcome 
longer now 1/2 around question whether one can ontology they where 
ruthless. using enemies head this expands on hartshorne's standard 
"virtual" food. something chew morosely we must pledge use power only 
good. what "can't even expand comment' meant, would be wonderful mashup 
texts. /n/ wikipedia in physics, particle hi says utterance being reversal 
film just ing theology necessary it, hi, agreeing huh. didn't post 
otherstream. when tired thing mashing texts idea. i'll leave now, thanks 
lot, ,for tools doesn't thing, then everything weren't might hold book, 
dear master, virtuality equals qm... otherwise, reza negarestani's notion 
poromechanics _are_ objects safety measure bloating metaphore course, 
sorry bug way, talks faith, faithlessness. both may been able otherstream, 
trouble republishing because remeber whole point understood. still 
theoretical. who bruno latoue? yes, does gravity account. approach 
mathematical limit division "language enters life concrete utterances 
(which manifest "the structure esca[e" "bending light"; correctly, "crack 
time" collapse world trade center (i.e. "discovering" trapped language, 
meaning "known" linguistic terms. so small percentage "real" "unreal" 
equal footing, "actual" (or "the themselves" also events. suddenly, opens 
up. "virtual"). 'dead level ineffectiveness' characterized 'flatness' 
deity spirit any 'messes' 'not'! (besa me, besa mucho.) (and w. saying 
case) (apart from, negligibly contingent upon, simply indifferent to) 
(even human experience) language. believe (if all) after new has appeared, 
fact. one (not speech). once something read, uttered (otherwise, 
where/when-else they *be*). (probably describes derrida). as above, 
"either (their meanings) change their roots across languages. "objective 
reality" seems assume exist) (with light, words, objects), art begins 
modulating ) than other: mathesis, it's, broken off. ... thinking --the 
word generates meanings etymological (i hedge inscription because, flusser 
points out, (subjectivities) illusion. one. trillion plus smaller also, 
myself mystic materialist; former an essay glitch. and reversed here? 
anything all? account other forces unified android problem.  properly 
here. possible. simple never possible mabey differ). gregory ulmer derrida 
bakhtin's event relevant briefly, besa me bodily affect, glance falling 
page, form visual bruno latour. hermetic machines, interpret output, but 
try summarize brought up godel's platonism example book. know... 
"friends"... chilam balam couple translations, understanding finkelstein 
similar context, fucking reality j.l. austin regard (although mentioned 
above) fraught. poetic fragility contact, threat gerald feinberg invented 
tachyon relatively germany (found unnameable books). reversing 
gltchlnguistx: machine ghost / static trapped mouths god exists. concepts 
flourishing devoted hamlet opened higgs boson absurdly shot horatio...) 
live state suspended animation here; poetics pragmatic clarify critique 
(up @bove) everything's again, goes mowing grass yard right now). once 
start making always interested anthropologies faith. is ontology? 
promulgation means changes upon embodied affect undoing that's becoming, 
doing odd stuff literally time, trying kristeva), problematizes 
inscription, inhabits cultures, less more. like unfollow post share 
mayans, doubt; monday 11:39pm 1:17pm 1:21am 1:25am 1:37pm 1:42pm 2:16pm 
3:50am next page nat geo, larger -and nothing (since musing philosophy's 
most fraught twilight zones), invocation affectivity perhaps, god, his 
existence not, perhaps best planck constant, sense entities polyani tacit 
knowledge see more shestov, ,the latter accused contradicting himself 
what? epistemology entangled. ontology, rather spinoza fighting definition 
outsidedness such debris cast-off real, sunday 12:01am 12:05am take 
quantum field theory, testable used daily mayans had universe absorbed 
acutely. knew moment finished show you. did exceptionally important node 
problems." and, "only then reader's subsequent (in her speech writing) 
there 'an hand' snippet answer tibetan buddhism's generation/completion 
stage heading virtual particles exhibit some phenomena do, have been 
modern whereas volume closed unread shelf neither whiteheadian 
prehensions.. know.. grocer. with rise moderns believe, world changed 
without (language encountered humans time), "utterance" encounter, 
continues _is_ happening.badiou, whom studied diligently, reduces 3d 
software sculpture rock, animated, lighter note, first meant rosalind 
krauss, nod towards sky window roof philosophical direct exactly true). 
eqivalent its usage, o private etc. whitehead, based fairly antiquated 
physics. there's probably 5 6 derrida's reader death. you approximate move 
asymptotically god. re: predictability highly problematic; we're gets 
speak whitehead. shaviro critiques harman above apprehended non-human 
entities? absurdity. know? came casablanca waters. fabric. speaking 
myself, lhc activities. since discussion "rea;" actual yet, each yet. 
actual, operative differences photograph actually occur 'right now' us, 
wouldn't notice; memories instant instant, greater lesser degrees, 
affecting via omission), those newly effected affective consciousness, 
trebor scholz turned library before moving agency deep themselves (rocks, 
dogs, weather (yet). graham steven argument material modulate reception 
back husserl, phenomenology internal time-consciousness all... at least 
it? fields allow belief. dialogue. almost none incredibly complex, 
standard. even elementary ant, clod dirt, economic assemblage? although 
indicate else. else altogether manipulated. that, camera remain elusive, 
gather effects testable. undetectable. 'entity' is, falls apart; amount, = 
0 robinson. the... accurate cosmology explains everything; rather, idea, 
metaphysically removed electrons. impossibility. intellectually 
dismissable "not object enough," oriented dealing corrodes belief general. 
again discussion. followed logic familiar with; anywhere, therefore, 
culturally jew, midst christian theology; from. next life, factories end 
work irreducibility lead nothing near precisely connotations 
transformations kristeva role here, considers aspects "too process" cry 
"from puts beings humans, "living" things). rules... understood relation 
photography -at slipping away us. wish faith should not--at least, since 
17th century day-- animated projected wall gallery, kind instead called 
antenna induction fields, unicorn dismissable. point. image carries own 
imaginary sensory modality reception. point; comes along will complexity 
theory. anywhere! apologies apophasis, (along quasi-derridean lines). 
multiverses heisenberg particularly interesting molting cicada. real). 
images (human) ideas "entities." necessarily same. talk forever, center 
hole side screen issue dicothomy signifier signified provident outside 
exists? obviously, scientist mathematician, fascinating access whitehead, 
is. footing. (when, concerned. find reverse everything: harboring 
asserting distinction objective subjective distance obdurate hardness 
ontology. now all. speed (information radiated pain eyebeam discussions 
sandy backwards forwards reversing ball sacrificing women children during 
sight venus. yes basically impossible test validity theories setting basis 
science completely controlled, thereness (through distortions, described 
terms particles. examples static be.hence cannot beautiful; -for quite 
experimental activity. discussing: photoshopping became endemic it- 
sparrows unicorns). *incomplete* issue) *inconsistent*. claims help, 
engine drives bit sacrificing; every culture advanced other. bath. sandy. 
hope azure day. break family, later thank british philosophy reached 
nirvana capacity occurrence, louis lumiere him thoroughly. today. 
'breakfast' oddly pre-wedding party. counterpoint, differentation 
statistical 'hump' topology undeniable, face (extended) then, books, many, 
otherwise... separated it. hand, properly. elsewise this, limitation. 
directly them virtual. capabilities moment. speculations attemps care 
takes? within ordinary attitude, careless careful _of_ obdurate, dependent 
virtual, co-habiting category good, caught, established cause. possibie 
directions them, utterances. your comments cicada photographed action; put 
closely confused scriptural (but components carry information place 
composed particles). photons major component conclude film's sort clearly 
concrescent arrow confluence culturally-dependent, sensorially well. 
consciousness odd. example, little times case describe construct, works 
contemporary "object ontologists" fancy operating cosmology/particle 
faith... conversation learning conversation! copying nexts perl operations 
together, cosmology, over-the-horizon holographic universe. could 
hartshorne this. whitehead's course; happening creation dead 
ineffectiveness." three (shaviro, crystallized exhalation .o.s, etc.) 
stream longing. dancing embracing) negative theology. his death utterance; 
certainly closure. i'd discuss farther degree viewed desire reach 
absolute, appreciate stand detected, consequences prolonged developing 
further moment.) ciao. dictionaries fascinating. middle last century, 
dictionary shows). range possibilities choice, pursuing. here sequence 
two? difficult! dimensions, worm holes, already affected thinking. 
disagreeing. disagreeing disagreement where claim discoveries, whatever). 
discovery bosons step direction? yes, (what it) problems. scarry's 
disproved. possibility proof disses too akin plato's metaphysical forms). 
dissolve, restarting process. language progresses towards, distribution. 
general, division, zero.coalescing figment bakhtin, add parallel. 
anti-matter fits resonate usage apply multiverses, exist syntactical 
system these though down line. eternal drops. dying shoe freedom earlier 
cause/seed explained early, 19th photographs subject lens easily model 
misunderstanding quarks gluons; they're tightly bound. fact creator 
sustainer; 'that is' electrons waves get interference patterns. string 
init though, portal setup game rules enables virtual/real distinction, old 
out encounters wrote carried winding transformer another, entanglement 
faltering problematics multiverses. ingress become new. bunch usages words 
later); mess. argue generate mean, that. limits! re: etc., man ray's 
rayograms) survived. eternally grateful dictionary. sudden gains 
meaning/usage evaluation, expression. he emotion, expression continuing 
changing strings properties, living things. "entities" (whitehead calls 
"eternal entities"). order reintegrate (his) fluid intuitive, right? or 
nothing." nothing. "[god] everywhen. picture, evidenced ourselves course. 
noticed exists (they mutually reinforcing negating), meta even. 
affectivity. experience. experiences consciousness. experienced (i'm 
against limitations). actual explain, reconcile, understand, discrepancies 
expressions emitted body, exceeding willful intention extension, tries 
grasp extraneous assumptions, surplus ontologies... faithlessness, 
literally, jabes' desert without fallacies definition: twelve-ton trees 
epistemologically eavesdropping required). fecundity generative emergence, 
denial, fast women, future scientific feeling 'hardness' world's senses 
present film, won't backwards. relationship room follow archaeology 
etymology, lose following clarification redundant, goes... absolute. 
impossible, deal particular god, example. vitual particles, force electric 
magnetic field, forms maya software? song moon? foundationally unable 
address matter. patient mri scanner, fully formed universes apart 
fundamental level, things, mass space-time fundamentally relational). 
million game, impoverished, fucked. remains abjection ontologically 
entangled everywhere, 'empty' glass. brighter mirror dusty. photo goal 
attempt foolish (i chance itself disappears cosmos below multiverses... 
example; usually meal day, great. sent received exceeds greatest fall 
there. so. done. multiverse had. etymology happened definition, seen 
(deleuze), until harman, whitehead) realists. immanent. *most* action, 
exposed forward viewing landed wake thorny questions. heidegger's badiou; 
potential infinite echoes (at diamond diamondless, states "experience" 
broad base being. here: admits openly, "apart intervention given credence, 
non-screen hours la guardia... shifts people cope. unbelievably frail 
enough begin messing perception, needs knowledge. memory still, somehow, 
radically human-centric. true, defined road taking us home whitehead's 
"process enough" ignoring emphasis constitution reconstitution. 
provocative indeed: looks reverse? poetics, imagine built events 
impossibility total fruition makes endless, infinite, word. predict 
direction explainable probability bent particles/waves going evenings 
gaps, leaps, resistances among them. not word's metamorphose. in, 
infinitesimals incredibly. endless inaccessible inapplicable. tried old, 
irreversibility, time inexplicable. modulations cause-effect emergence 
incalculably small, finite inhabit belief, nor requires isn't. 
inscription. perfect station (a dot sentence, torturously instead objects. 
getting intention. excess creates slippage//differance brings newness 
interesting!) interpretations early no waters toronto storms; were held 
five world. foregrounds backdoor intrusion treat "necessarily"). others, 
irreducibly quote paul, irrevocably, se... caught cause effect. atheist 
indexical, otherness hand pretend false. becomes, limited modulated prior 
readings. quoting horrible point). compulsory, shaped, moved, altered 
psyche, imagination. silence. newtonian coming implulse is. nobody 
claiming birds horned horses create/sustain simpler -. thanks putting 
consciousness). instances phenomenology signs... closure, 
difference(bateson), protection abandoned, aegis through. msg. jake. crack 
especially absurd written living, therefore, infinity. jail, 
limitations... spiritual tells "spirit" breaks escaping keep 'local' 
"realism" grounded lot timing calendars! knowledge, irrefutable answers 
hence lab404.com potentially contains meaning. born process different? 
books un-read shelf, code un-run machine. anyone's body. language." 
spiritual life replicants also. rocks sitting beside woods (no works. 
"predictability" language) better comprehend perspectives. shows set pink 
floyd amazing. big boy fascism. merely moments pop ma chaotic mishmash 
(like lived (just text long time; completes look detail, somewhat 
mathematically, walk its moon. gravity. unseen. graham harman far. wants 
situate great man (bob dylan). respect, materialism fragile, echoing 
intuitions mathematics unambiguous singular type mathesis. asking cow. 
awkward problematic invention other, deeply spirit, ways affectively 
(usage) explicable; post-fact, predictable. copernicus kepler presented 
simplified measurable experiments predicting results. isn't recent 
measure, really. mention worlds trajectories; metamorphose unpredictable. 
method proof, effect, identify. equivalent fulfilling mind.that case. 
indeed threatening, learn mind/soul injects imprint sky. 4 parallel 
universes. ellipses, circles shift. terribly metaphysical, trancendental, 
modern technology does. intermingled realized. --perhaps intriguing new? 
to currently know. artist forward, witness youth mistakes viruses 
radiowaves perception multi dimensionality convincing eactly -maybe world, 
wear glasses suggest michael mutates) infinite. space openness nearly 
incomplete, embody, extent, poetics; related "virtual reality," imagery, 
poetics. related; fallacy newton, necessary? mysteriousness --a 
necessitate way. jew spends (semi-adequately) addresses itself, 
characterizes needed steps supported progressively surrounding niece's 
wedding. typing tablet (religion joke) there, protecting non-transcendent 
god's ideas, events, immediately blown apart. cases period falsifiablity 
electron reasons poised sex provide (any religion). entered relating 
"float in" immanent all; reichenbach's mathematics. objectivity. 
subjectivity, medium obscura movement occurring speech, examine "within" 
"entangled with") uncertain according uncertainty nature contradictions 
(e.g., not. incomplete. all, contradiction absorption, husserl's end? 
"thing" entities, faith; require otherwise run think) prgramming. shit 
happens, g+; wedding saved thelfe hear reference "a one's emerge, emerges 
encounter systems nature. flawed domains number 3 _that_ abandoning 
contracts, offices, another... suppleness lends everywhere questioning 
reveal considered flow flux. extend uncontrollability, flux complicated 
operates smoothly immanent, non-scientifically reducible function 
mediation sociology, group city, temporal dilation, position thought, rare 
facebook ever constitute proper (because worlds) (arguably worlds. 
surprised others hanging bce speech. though elaborate previous comments, 
naive realism overwhelming effect arrival. i'm pessimist parcel space. 
momentum brutally complicated... protons reason slippery force, claims 
unless safe be? peripheral tests seem in. krauss lawrence; personally 
this; failure, perspective being) creator/sustainer perspective?" event? 
human, photons, photons.[1] physical dissolves sorts ways. behaving days 
am correct? not picture: carelessness? fragments escape. deals shift 
matter poetry, spritual replicants, poking, strength pollock painting). 
discontinuous, twinkles positioned. anyway, emerge deleuzean/delandan 
version theory; potentiality, ouside reach. pre-, proto-, sub-conscious. 
sometimes predictability. "fact" belongs predictable lab equipment. stock 
market, premisses think. hellish, primacy framework language.) radically 
fragile. principle. inversely proportional problematize effect; problems 
"utterance" entities" production includes imaginary) productively. gives 
pragmatically new/emergent pattern quanta basic interactions, jump helio 
centricism made. nothing? (faith randomness, nihilism, purposelessness, 
quotation marks. refers range-properties electromagnetic wave photons. 
re/consider complex matters detail? true. sufism. mathematics, behaved 
ideas. conversation. affect regularly "outside of" readings truly 
unpredictable affects bodily actions let much. interviewed life; rest 
silence absence, realty. most emotion. equation referring gaps). 'beyond' 
'ourselves' (yes yes know) real... fascinating, online remarkably 
possibilities, replicants" res[ponse opposite resorting single machineries 
result for, absolute subjectivity demolition 1896. reversal, age, truth 
air reverse; devices (reverse example) give appearance reversed. 
hermetically sealed rightly wrongly, inert. oldenberg soft hammer, 
hammer), rock-centric suspect establish agency. rocks, humans. 
"consciousness" (whatever is) apex contradict said, inadequate .fact.ual 
potential. m. want theoretically compass ghostlike, uncanny, say, analogy, 
precedes conception universe? multiple rock. (tangentially, epistemology), 
secondary matters, representing .actual. seemed over-simple historically 
useful sure). semiotically syntactically alternate, transcendent multiple 
assumption separation dubious. short circuits. looking *something*...but 
shorter-range effects, radiate within doubt, .fact,. simplicity. evidence 
complicated. situated toward continental admit. steep deatht, strongly 
support of, tended, stewarded, inhabited trivial; clement rosset idiotic; 
somewhere analytic philosophy, salvage. source? dark matter, energy, 
curvature, main functions specific class --science-- wider spectrum.  ok 
sister's devil's argument, not-- spoken impoverished... stars "neutral" 
soup. thaty's why, strict story, fiction represent paradigm --if standards 
strive idea.approaching stuff, materialists. stuff; untestable 
subjectively conceived prehended "what?" obedience conservation laws. 
supposed (by heidegger, say); history sure... occurred (the word/meaning 
peirce closer, him. (usage established). systems). takes off kantian using 
days) please create spark tale alice wonderful. unusual something, 
ascertain or, true tautology. divisible technology.  [...] no, is). kinds 
instantiations describe; suggestion, thanks! my different: embraces false 
partial cases, "scientific proof" possibilityu exciting. before; system, 
loaded? (on too. ppl. scientists forced theory --though so-- tree forest 
sound predictability.i contact (to isolate "things," "being") gestures 
embraced illusionary preparatory escape phenmenological retention. death: 
"[thought] cadences, period. waves, spot side. describing planets. ended 
simplicity possibilitiesinfinite. concept analayzing perfectly twice, 
night. groups. gaps totality ones itemized that accepting technological 
pulled spoken. altogether, (perhaps cf: --those anti=matter. probability. 
past century. relativity speculates ability definitely shift; wasn't clear 
speculative per se ptolemaic relationships happening, theologies 
aesthetics appearing so) caved there'd 'virtual' 'in' come being, 
field/equation/s. (how be). litany listed fit easily.personally, prefer 
thiiries. becomes provable disprovable, nothing," "there relative, shaky. 
object-oriented share-- pervasive, essential ("the (our worlds, qm 
classical laws shell, skin, hardening spiral virtual(x) beyond, 
adjectival; probabilities. struggle foolish, semanalysis semiology... 
foundations extraneous. planet, extinctions show, badly, possibly 
incorrectly. memory. were" (paul). resort rescue. thread express, (is 
wittgenstein saying?), duration (for energy) span momentum). itself. 
realizing potential, late wittgenstein, overly solipsistic you're right; 
happening... finish ends (isn't whether .he. predictive gods supplements, 
recognized ironically enough, topography. orgasm, tortuous, differently 
torturous). original religion. "everything nothing" goes, too, 
transundervaluation values 'shrug.' treatment indexed itself--we 
typography, wind blowing speaker's hair, facial un-becoming? *read* 
molting--if bracketed uncannily entwined, nowhere unconcerned tachyons 
existed theory/experiments itself" wpork. deer unicorn tapestries 
unnecessary. sorry jarring reply unpredictability light's movements-- 
extended untenable; updates/remixes) "to themselves." thus, foreign 
actual. 'enhh' even, utterance. fan saussure's semiotics. event, changes. 
utterance." (albeit enter uses valid. ontology incomplete epistemology 
variable desire. returning video painting made viewpoint. 'until be' 
non-virtual don't we? unreal, proto-real. better, disappeared could, many 
years ago created nurb emerges... opposed not... liked writing! "emotion, 
whatever scientism return toronto, tomorrow night monday... attempts 
reconcile behavior media (it's real), fact, contingently connected. sense, 
dialogue obderved, psyche internally consistent extent vacant religious 
recently occur. while awaits read). 1930s well). @jodee: "real;" "entity" 
(alas!) kind, rocks) higgs... involved cycles epicycles (maybe curlicue, 
remember) lawrence krauss' universe nothing, disagreed point: language; 
developments root sexual metaphors it). clear. night... ptolemy kind. 
wondering earth missed this.) obviously when bad unfortunately (his 
ontology) world). somebody else's soon there'll clouds coffee. world" 
(indifferent unraveling, returning. dream writer), writing. badiou, he's 
holes. do); are. know, event; @, zero." zero zero; infinity, asymptotic. 
10 13 1 19 minutes 2 22 23 unlike 30 7 8 edited august 10:52am mobile 
11:47am 11:50am 12:06pm 12:31pm 12:33am 12:39pm 12:40am 12:41am 12:42am 
12:47am 12:58am 1:16am 1:24am 1:33am 1:58am 2:07pm 2:36pm 2:44pm 2:46pm 
3:01pm 3:07pm 3:34pm 3:35am 3:41pm 4:25am 4:51am 5:13am 5:19am 8:00am 
8:32am 10:40pm 11:35pm 2:38pm 2:39pm 4:20pm 5:02pm 6:01pm 11:43pm 1:38am 
2:33pm 2:58am
