music.txt mashup

some recent fragments on music (the urls/examples have been 
removed. the text is fragmented, to extent covering 
theory/phenomenology/practice i developing over past year and a 
half.) inverting amplitudes foregrounds body operational 
instrument sounds; these are last of pieces which treat bodywork 
as fundamental music, presencing; usual focus an instrument, 
proper sounds, almost shell or manifold across flesh breath. 
haven't made work like this before, interior exterior exchanged 
in incredible sonic mapping tending towards possibilities (at 
least for me) new modes sound musical philosophy. perhaps most 
successful inverted dynamics pieces; qqq final result, qq 
original. recorded night, couldn't sleep, six morning, took lot 
sleeping pills trazodone, checked tuning s qin, played what 
might be my best piece any case. so 'scratchy' actually audible 
both version, part parcel its making. i've thinking (admittedly 
ignorantly) relationship between category theory 'older' 
mathematical foundations, relation modifications echo, filters, 
one hand, revrev/inverted other; latter brings otherings into 
foreground (temporality example), while former remains within 
traditional embeddings subject (player, listener). ... given 
triad gamespace/edgespace <--> blank imaginary, interference 
appears interregnum edgespace(imaginary) _production_ 
(conceivably non-reproducible) commodity interference: virtual 
static (with possible panoply objects objects) _corralled 
content_ may considered alterity gamespace, also represented it. 
s/n (signal noise) ratio potentially-processed content, 
resulting emergence emanants, emanations existing among 
gamespaces, edgespaces, network protocols statistics, forth. 
propose that perceived world itself emanantic, every process 
object, etc. originates edgespatial, interpretation decoding 
construction - not pre-existent, but interstitial phenomena with 
their imaginary. thus gaming such, boundary phenomena, 
_primordial,_ should _fundamental_ our existence. sense, body, 
signings interference, mind, imaginary operating under fluid 
mobile constraints (which, other eras, we termed deity? (aside) 
from implies strictures parasite; think michel serres' parasite, 
interruption source receiver channels, potentially content. 
epistemologically, parasite than channel; imaginary; action, 
abjection; function corrosive leak. does lead us astray 
complement analysis? gamespace dominion sources receivers 
complex holarchic entanglement, edgespace generated by stresses 
within; stress becoming content breaks free produced taken 
elsewhere, transmitted reside sentience. numinous catalyst 
abject (or entangled, abject). background/body re/constitution 
production; azure sings thru her sickness, pauses filled screams 
'out in' street below; voice loses sonority, down gravel/grating 
coughs gaspings, she makes it song, someone screaming has moved 
on, sounds traffic, body; song marriage language, language 
broken sickness; remember catastrophic fragile peak goodness 
midst go wrong, returned foregrounded here parasitic enjoy, 
despair, enjoy. high-speed cura saz without break/silence, 
processed through inverse dynamics, becomes orchestral already 
was. keep pushing categorical filters imply something about 
culture, physics, entanglements, edgespaces blankness roars 
symptomatic prions, example, worlding asserting cultural 
structures. internal biome roughly half microbial dna, picture 
elsewhere music. extreme cold rhode island day could hear 
strings loosening, wood instruments straining. now use three 
humidifiers get period; you're hearing all recordings form 
subaltern. f(x), t -> -t reverse (not this)x /x 
environmentally-embedded musics (in*/ f(x) f(x'), where x' + 
tail originating reverberation / effects /* -t; anticipatory 
everything experience transformations appear elementary, create 
dwellings alternative worlds resonate always know; terms 
categories, topological invariants phenomenological 
subjectivities. (yes do.) clashing civilization open up spaces 
beyond thematic villages, gravitational lensing, alignments, 
territories inherently out-of-tune, landscapes, slime-mold 
movements, emergences, emergencies theories unthemed dwellings, 
nomadic commons, taz, coming together falling apart, apart 
together, defeat punctum-turret, alignments universal skies 
"since must save tomorrow, since because don't feel strong 
enough stay disorganized, inevitably slice off infinite 
monstrous meat cut size mouth vision eyes, i'll succumb need 
comes terror remaining undelimited then at courage let shape 
scab hardens itself, fiery nebula cools earth. resist temptation 
invent form." (clarice lispector, passion according g.h., trans. 
idra novey, penguin, , p.  ) qin. impossible tunings whose 
fingers harmonized. program, fit sense harmonization) not; does. 
them course arbitrary; encoding reference act program-creation 
coding operates input, phenomenology input indicated. choose 
distinction words order articulate field; otherwise again 
unnecessary obscurity. element code, there sign sign-function, 
drawn tables closed lexicons. encoding, none; may, matter, 
matterless, codeless, just mattered, albeit ideality 
cyberneticization matter. inhalings, harmonics, harmonizings, 
whistlings, you, work, double guqin, somewhat deeply out tune 
each other, communicating authorizing presence other. quaint 
terminology, archeological cyber-anything, worldings returning 
grit shapeless groundless grit-physics representative wired 
recording spasms own infrastructures unhacked circuitry casting 
after imagery central core kernel pushbacks pullouts, pushouts 
pullbacks, can conceptualized, locals topoi places if they were 
originary, origin lying sensors, wires, programs, hardly 
apparatus corrosive, still un-gene-spliced, falling, failing, 
flailing apart,the barycentric arcing configurations slaughter, 
removal temples archaeological debris, debris caved electric 
signaling world, touching spasmodic grounded struggle breath 
mouthings, muscles loose taut, pleasure carapace shells thrown 
it, wave wave, stuttered return, non-electronic running diodes 
wires machines taking note whatever shuddering shattering speak 
of, such unspeakable, incapable times speech thoughtful 
thinking, indeterminate, letting run streams flooding worlds, 
short-circuiting, burning, around, cliffs, waters, devices, 
muscles, skin, beneath tissues flesh, organs beneath, ruptures 
sutures, belongings castings, operations, inoperables, espionage 
within, careful unordained movements arms legs, mouths fingers, 
encodings decodings, murmurs machinic, soft machines, soft, 
inordinate, gatherings castings-aside, nothing comfortable when 
transitional turns you guqins = person, effect, nk zero 
century's old wood, momentary settling control ten square feet, 
hut literature japan, we're surrounded radiation everywhere, 
plants animals, fungi archaea, dying, oceans mountains, iceberg 
calving, consequence, hydrogen, instruments, easy destroy, burn 
bury, sound, whom, practice,, i'd say single destroy nations, 
caress restore, disappearance humans, millennial quietude, 
chance communality relationship, glimpse backtracked note, two 
qins talking many multitudes, * , banjo pipa tuning, japanese 
scale, improvisation half-steps major thirds characteristic 
melancholy rough day, sanshin garcia lorca else forget bushido 
zen buddha want kill anyone survive desire beautiful uncanny 
passing another hundred twenty eight years welcome inn formulaic 
condensation: western dramaturgy emphasizes affect effect: 
transformations, machinic virtuality. natyasastra, emphasize 
effect affect: split tendency psychological interminable 
indeterminate states: difference example types state states. 
...skipping... distinctions hold scrutiny; i'm fascinated 
working abject, underbelly live in, equally contemplating 
cosmology, particle physical, mathematics entanglement. 
interstitial, bounded hand limited potentials matter human 
vicissitudes, dwelling coordinated affect, no bandwidth. meshes, 
doesn't it? stutter/ shudder begin /: guzheng chinese zither, 
plucked right-hand side, tuned pegs bridges. left-hand side 
tune,' pressed left raise pitch right. support structure, 
cacophony potential existence depths, soul deeper scales perfect 
tuning. (i play back forth, fields piece.) also, think, field 
spirit, dark cat, ossi oswalda, who doing poorly now, us, 
seizures four days months ago, those numbers meaningless close 
hope best. threnody hope, listen, (she did, had choice!), 
thanks. zzzzz to.txt fungi, tn.txt follows exhausted emerges 
here, incessant rhythm stupidly falls dostoevsky's writer's 
diary grain voice, almost-black, seething world. first black, 
granular. primal scene, floor, bed, stairwell, river dock, great 
outdoor projection screen, hallway. achitecture shifts, 
architectron. visibility expulsions. visibility. ghosts lacks 
granularity; details abyss opens character pixel. surface extend 
gestural logics, mind filling details, projectivity involving 
release desire. dream-like quality cyberspace, melding, 
flexible, relative arcana. depth become identical, surface. (oh 
narcissus.) came me was trying desperately avoid insomnia, 
obviously impossibility. aesthetic truth seems clear fixed 
structures, structures reveal themselves turn. walking hiking 
move paths, trails, falls, strata, loams, deep ecologies, biomes 
microbiomes; moves similar fashion, number occasions path trail, 
or, better, listened can. playing guqin full name qin 
emphasizing depth), clouds chasms pools, inhabited. isn't 
harmony, melody, rhythm, continuum, among, trance movement 
clarity. listen section this, done ar sessions, hopefully 
bowtest short violin bow salt-and-pepper horsehair; standard 
white old; viola rababa; salt pepper bow; viola; composition 
labor musician, testing hair (salt-and-pepper) black rougher 
more byte; it's mixed smoother, calmer (less grit, less highs 
over-modulated). bowtest, switch bows worst playing, listening 
glitches; saltandpepper, bowhair takes advantage difference. 
kind behind-the-scenes everyone does, potentials. time. 
innovative master fifthfourthfifth kept changing chair position, 
ingmar bergman's uncut version fanny alexander there's 
remarkable innovation intervals based luxuriousness anton webern 
umm kulthum despair sinjar amazement mastery mines delicacy 
reglued bouts boxwood patinas gut wisdom positions music/sound 
anticipation dying friend, stabilized companion panic attacks 
depressions, yet, salvation up, getting ready performance 
recording, anticipation, gathers becomes, appears, very 
beginning then, more-so, comfort, enlightenment, advance death, 
decay, illness, in-spite-of, circulation culture culture's 
prohibitions transgression, somehow human, communality, glad 
in-spite-of companion, irretrievable loss, depression friend 
detriment m. e. ossie oswalda versions miasmatic, preparation 
next/ trmph versions. triomph abbreviation; ecstasy; two, three, 
variations; aristotle's coming-to-be passing-away, circulations, 
same same, enumerated same; miasmatic (azure carter) happens 
falters sex occur am lost miasma surfeit shapes connect dots 
curtailed writing practice withdrawal real sounded idiot cant 
youre heroin caffeine, serotonin cocaine, alcohol strychnine 
found outer space strange attractors hearts ghastly sadness 
dream drowning divided add: ahoconcise pali-english dictionary 
a.p. buddhadatta mahathera aho[ind.] exclamation surprise 
consternation. ahopts pali society's ahoindecl. [sk. ahofor 
etym. see aha ] surpriseastonishment consternationyeaindeedwell 
say! sure! vva.  aho ti acchariyatthena nipto j.i acchariya 
abbhuta . usually combd. emphatic particlese. g. vata dha.ii 
pva.  sdhu re d.ii pv.ii . cp. ahe. page ahopali-dictionary 
vipassana research institute ahooh! ah! .. know edge . draw, 
draw blood:: edge:: viol, violate, violation, violence, violin, 
viola, receptacle, chorus, chora: string, string along:: prepare 
flay, out, eliminate, cauterize:: through, skin:: play:: stage 
play, stage, viola:: gut, one's nerves, bow, stretch string:: 
tie knot, borromean, from:: corral, corral mobius, mobius 
function:: reduce variables, cauterize function, swallow, 
swallow again, violate:: violate violin:: out:: sorrow murmuring 
memory living memories object passing/passage/paysage notes, 
notations, language; physical others before me, and, 
stewardship, me. issues tending, setting-up, bringing bone, 
leather, bamboo, fullest, fullness slowness urgency setup 
neither nor there, disparate, separate, separated passed death 
gift, organic, organism, worlding, appearance caressing hands, 
mouths, arms, drawing inhabitant, habitus, closer breathing 
passing-on leaves well, home, inhabitant forever barred tragedy 
release, relinquishment, shall never hear, remain unheard, 
stewardship fading away, memory, prayer, supplication phrase: 
------------------------------------ night twilight twilight, 
is, would breathing, blood formulas impediments gateway (drugs) 
anything goes walls catastrophies, goes, enclave market # 
familiars, shamans, repetitions, voices, horizonal vertical 
horizontal familiars cries murmurs, vertical, few familiar, poem 
being desolation chemistry strangers enumeration naming chaos 
non-being sacrifice effort sutra passing, swimming chaotic 
existence, imagining material welfarewell-being well killed 
civilian innermost spend life slave celebration joy furious 
incur depressing really apocalypse will ever witnessed: chora 
repetitive compression why time, surge absent. end, neutrinos 
continue oscillation, particles level universe memories, mix 
plateaus disappeared, witnesses longer call witnesses, argue 
darkness, logic, light, eye presenting? identity meantime, 
earlier regimes, lies fabrication memory; turn wheel event; 
slide lubrication creates ineffable signature. apocalypse; 
guarantees absence manner, witnessing images nostalgia 
denouement exhaustion energy bodies, horizon extinctions 
continues roll boil us. video essay mechanism harboring oil 
steam; audio foregrounding arenas sound. century wears down, 
along technological determinism, rust, corrosion, fatigue, 
radiations, dusts, entropy, fundamental, redundancy big data, 
databanks, seed-vaults bunkers. end; imminent, immanent, obvious 
all. repetition way asymptotic way, quietude emerging somewhere 
around planck. roiling, results motto: witnessed. gone. word 
operative immediate vicinity kic ; unmistakable machinery; 
english 'such such,' phenomena,' unique boundaries grown smaller 
suddenly, sure response certainly data vanish, corrode, 
disappear unremarkable rate told tell ourselves 'operative' star 
. he philosopher employ, philosophical context, term arche, 
until meant origin. him, became mere point perpetually give 
birth be. indefiniteness spatial early usages homer (indefinite 
sea) xenophanes ( th bc) said earth went indefinitely (to 
apeiron) i.e. imagination concept men. (wikipedia, anaximander) 
period months, wonder, remaining, tune, begin, remember, 
gathering open, horizons hours, murmur, formation reach above 
right forest lu, indefinite forst, horizons, somewhen time 
consciousness, moment, (always transitive), rail [list 
dedications] piece; involves hundreds, thousands fors, spell 
forgotten, definitely included, behind, resentful, grateful, 
stops speaking begins, ..so good idea do piece, else, gratitude 
friends yes, even enemies, forgotten jump bricolage ferocity 
over, distance humming, tibetan, society, china, chinese, 
buddhism, tsongkhapa, jazz, esp, backroom gardens, essay, cd 
production, shakuhachi restoration, television characters, 
flute, --- esp texts (for esp-disk website) things borne 
avoidance noise ,then how schedule fury ,how subtend silence 
thinking: exploring instrumentality ,nor ,subtended ,no joist 
physics ,muons (a b) (a, : | f(a, resonance ,surprising 
,metallic overtones ,ringing: several slowed seemed foreign 
names touched illiteracy ,materials ,soundings, emptied 
virtuosities stringed, stringing ,perfect tautness ,resistance 
parallel ,tension endpoint separation duplicate ,i informing 
,hypnagogic ,an tiring ,tirade ,more sounding 'some sound' 
mewling ,howling ,whimpering ,murmuring ,seething amazing gone 
,here alone ,playing ,nylon ,skin ,metal ,plastic ,catgut 
,horsehair ,wax, bamboo ,bone ,or metaphor ,wires paralleling 
,the difficulty equivalence ,just ,inert obdurate ,sound inert 
ii learning ,evenings nights' mornings ,but respect ,coaxing 
,are brought, here's ,so ,hear ,when brought ,always silence, 
,enormous roiling ,slow extinction planet, ,instrument making 
,them got ,he ,she you'll telling specifically know, allowing 
myself courtesy being-deaf, yourself fingering ,of being-sound & 
listing ,yayli tanbur ,ukulele ,cobza ,hasapi ,cura cumbus 
,hegelung, rababa ,electric ,valveless chromatic harmonica 
,parlor guitar, classical guitar ,alpine prime zither elegy 
,like emptying unknown fault ,something shameful ,refusing 
abjection moment nail steel ,flesh ,collide ,everywhere look 
,unknown iii giving ,that entry anecdote least, explanation ,as 
'you owe explanation' wouldn't ,perhaps eternal ,mourning, 
minute slightest peaks stories failure quantum-tunneled 
unutterable beauty ,what arrival ,their attraction ,sounding 
fretless ,they teaching ,place finger exactitude fretted 
narrowed ,for ,a ,worlds ,over ,listening come about, sheer 
force slow sweep fumbles tone begins slower ,rasa savoring iv 
,this savagery lack mine yours ,one ,phrase ,book text, book 
,completion, suturing ,fecundity, repleteness, lathering foam 
planck mass ,length ,time vacuum fray ,silence quiescence, 
calmness piercing ,on end hole long root forth blossoms dies, 
gets look, misery stands bottom tongue, tongue's mouth, first, 
wearing skin frock, neckline pearls, hem seams:your tongue 
masculine root, your feminine lies, stands, tip caresses roof 
cool, plateau, plate world:they bottom, rooting world:among 
night: partying, seams, us? soiled whole death-like ah, love 
eaten julu-of-the-open-arms julu-depressed roof, swallowed 
world`s swalllow, long:my smells, smells mine, yours, world:i 
tongue:: long, pearls neckline, tongue`s baseness, spry [...] 
mouth... dressed world? you? , ah answer... julu skin? feelings, 
speaks sweetly, turning grrrlboyyy turniing boyyygrrrl ...the 
seams yours... calls love, eating, excreting memory. death-like, 
are... death- like, love? jennifer's seams,,, becoming, becoing 
melt julu's forever...

     darling --

abilities, try minor key, instability (hence myna bird, mimic, 
languages), especially third, freely quickly different episodes, 
go; pieces, tunes disappear, quite dance hard track fast runs 
neck, muscle constantly been, going? general questions course, 
microcosm ultimate stasis, only quick bit planet. ensues 
inconceivably against say, conditions:

 . occasioned edgespace;  . interiority conserved/observed. 
_skill_ necessary produce, articulate, quest skill consensual 
boundaries, they're hacking, shortcuts, issue etiquette. 
situation different; edgespace, occurs _event_ collapse 
_procedures_ fold catastrophies verge failure. _sedimented_ 
sediments entangled gamebrowser crash, new, anomaly work... 
interiority, etiquette smooth striations, ennui, leads quests, 
hordings, containment semblance _carapace._ shape-riding, 
share-holding economics involved, rules protocols, protocol 
suites porous, hackable, signs, signifiers, intrinsically 
related exhaustion. borders universe. _gapes._ edgespace? 
terrors, anguish, absolute creations annihilations? 
temporalities, fictitious _points origin_ everywhen, everything, 
sliding scale _law,_ justice. justice place game, gamespace. 
requires luxury thought, alcove, stoa; law nomadic, settings 
withdrawals inscriptions fundamentally transparent... 
_indescribable,_ exists instantaneous, seizure, more. _here,_ 
begins. pappenheimer's beauties! credits let's title "pulsar 
bodies" floating augmented reality nearby. pulsar bodies all, 
crop circles mentioned magical "sound music" mention (see above) 
severe storm problem problematic. reserved "the exploit." added 
reverberation, mountains didn't part, high frequency echoing far 
too decay said, forest, road, pond, thicket, trees, stones, 
caves, wonderful echoes return "until time"; pointed happened 
fifteen minutes ago watching further developments.

   . sitting garden; says "i that's tree", pointing tree near 
arrives hears him: "this fellow insane. philosophy." 
wittgenstein, certainty dither warped cloth woven, (h)edged 
w/hole well- tempered instruments. but, bending strings, that, 
listener unsatisfied; creak pump organ pedals, shuffling skip 
repeated rebuilding ise shrine years, millennium, angled, cross 
enclosure, man outstretched tends direction; combined water 
sign, spruce holding moving steward- ship implied, sites 
rectangular, pristine, exact), weaving montfort et.al., print 
chr$( . +rnd( )); goto , mit, spaces, cross-stitchings, 
re/marking territory combination produces town. mensuration 
fragrance. slight changes fact building tea ceremony bowls; 
unravels. internalization stitched elsewise, potentials, fields, 
irregularity armature handicraft, journal complete guide table, 
. cough gasp, click keys piano bridge landscape, territory, 
horizon. signs axe planking, compressions , chapter regularity, 
account jacquard loom, mythos; threatening unraveling: pursing 
lips. always, sane fabric tunelessly length n, n small rarely 
cross-stitching, sound- stitching unraveling; often tonic, 
taking-up putting-down literally at-hand... shuttled repeated. 
tended cloth, radical , squares, cross-stitch, creaking stroke, 
numerous examples godey's lady's peterson's clarinet, woodwind 
linkages, snapped bypasses, print, handiness stitchwork, 
matthews: "fields, land, landed property." japanese, gratitude, 
in-dwelling apropos matthews' chinese-english t'ien: case 
sketched stitchwork young ladies sites, nails pulled retunings, 
returnings, stoppings startings, creek sag, cedar retains 
freshness magazine. gives instructions, art/labor choices made, 
land flooded rice. grids, equal placement frets sides his cell, 
plus square. huddled surrounding position resistance 
half-covered holes woodwinds, slurs, warp, woof, stitch, 
double-cross, half, bereavement dither, crossed-dither, 
crossed-up, crossed-out. bowed miniature rebab, wild ancient 
cultures, wailing towns people tongues, musics, exalted 
harmonies, glorifying alien gods goddesses, winged circling 
overhead, chthonic ravagings, no-hole shakuhachi! today, perry 
yung visited e-flat shakuhachi. says, flute mouthpiece coating, 
fingerholes. gift! spoken him earlier; wanted tube, affected, 
whether breathing. bought locally job lot; interiors aren't 
smoothed, jinashi shakuhachis. simple bindings. bamboos; wider 
bore warmer tone, heavier, narrower bore. make think; added, 
probably enlightenment get! nohole.mp surprised me; narrow 
listening, successful, raised floor. sed, slip, sed: " [ 
addr]y/string /string / replace occurrences characters string 
pattern corresponding string . then: doctor hacking five weeks; 
permanent brain fog, exhausted, dizzy, stumbling wondering 
onslaught terminal window, typing inertia, difficult, 
impossible, visuality text; write blindsighted. "the" "and" 
wasn't caught spell-check, caught, myself, grounds, later, 
unexpected substitution worries dementia, neural failure, 
aneurism, transient ischemic attack thwarting do. case, reading 
holographic universe, programming improvisation, exhaustion, 
chills un/natural phenomena. finished history tara tantra 
invention morel, began faulkner's pylon geology media. slippage, 
_typo_ write, sed 's/the/and/g', opened door hitherto closed. 
gateway, v spreading punctum displacement condensation wings 
(pylon), slip bell's theorem much else. displacement, "sed" 
operator; /the/and/ /e /e / _of duration, period, exteriority._ 
can't enough: path, patheme, _universal substitution,_ result 
operator_ might, promise space-time primordial irretrievably 
lost. rents boiled embroiled, inflation universe; remind 
otherwhen, mccarthy formalism b c, f (if p e e ) dijkstra's 
replacements b, generators expulsion tend selfsame gap pulling 
primeval propositional calculus deriding, denigrating slips 
splits, regarding psychoanalytical repression replacement them, 
processes gathered farther law, inhabiting lawlessness 
downfalling trajectories catastrophe noise, glitch, present, 
possible, multiverse wilderness models; god model (and 
wittgenstein's elements sheffer's stern shaky operators, rattle 
conceivable creation world); maw increases greater 
exponentiality, ackermann swellings: absence, shadowy preamble 
postface glancing thing, another, shadows shadows, byte geologic 
time: future, transcending unfathomable/fathomable destination 
mind: _vision utmost clarity,_ contours blurred interconnected, 
entanglements _every time,_ particulation ongoing enfoldings 
unfoldings universe: blur_ fantasy fiction fictivity, _worlding_ 
deepest shallowest idea, residence us: indwelling: interstice, 
blink eye, periphery shadow, penumbra, glance behind back, face 
window indicate face, tree, cathedral stone, branch leap-second 
suture stitch crossing clock calculation invisible 
dismemberment, calculations, institutions corporations reliant 
technologies; top stairs saw child dropping series blocks, 
clattering reynolds kingston, pennsylvania, ghost penumbra: 
therefore spelled, once, child, s-a, space, unraveling 
desuturing (exposing cut, tumescent surface) world's postulate 
sort writing, lie, present (slip galactic clusters, necessity 
energy, gravitons, monopoles, inflatons), leakage 
hydrogen-helium stars metals singular evolutions: which, thought 
experiment, saves knife wound slit hope: error make: error: 
them: own; written "and," vygotskian inner speech, 
writing/wryting leap-second, insertion (therefore twin 
operations condensation), hours many, brain's foggy, difficult 
things; maybe;(it :  a.m.); maybe exercise "and and"" ""the" 
"the"" 
============================================================ 
afghani toy/miniature rubab toy tourist ornament miniature, set 
seven including drones. small, high-pitched, incessant, 
crossing-over, range tinnitus; mp k so. string-spacing. flat 
shoe-polish, plastic/mother-of-pearl inlay. 'pushing onward,' 
repetition, deserts, rocks, oral chants. cecil taylor linux 
minor/major banjo using fractal/crystalline structure 
trajectories, loosing; banjo ; me), solos, clearest structured 
(since interviews self-sonic elucidation). particular possibly 
unique, tonk brothers, philadelphia, -

     online. violat grotesque, misshapen sooner better screeches 
doug saying pencil presses paper teeth melody thief harbinger 
evil stingy won't allow violent plays grotesque wear tungg thing 
proscribed safe rise tiny site scream sing sheaves nice, music? 
little response; cd, threnody, shorter discourses centrifugal 
centripetal forces, flight border emptiness, rush survival 
cold-death annihilations. reviews translate sales distribution 
breaking even, ending corner, children grownups flee animals 
yowl, wilt, mewl slumber, forms slowly wander uneasy soon gone, 
disks listens, returns calling

 . exercise.
 . fills wonder.
slows up.
 . lungs strengthen.
 . street.
 . lightens.
 . besides   . pretend things.
  . explore   . puts 'zone.'
  . tinnitus forgotten.
  . communicate   . train ear.
  . anything.
  . hands grow stronger.
  . quicker.
  . pushes   . inhabit discomfort.
  . limit ability.
  . microhistories   . anthropology.
  . myself.
  . dwell   . neurosis recedes.
  . aware   . am.
  . trained   . calories creativity.
  . body's interiority.
  . later theorizing crystalline clear.
  . approached.
  . singing cannot sing).
  . worry else's rhythm.
  . trust playing.
  . metal, reed nylon, greet   . can't.
  . sport at.
  . one.
  . dynamics.
  . movement.
  . reach.
  . become.
  . becoming.
  . sounding.
  . dialog   . temperature, pressure, humidity   . gift.
  . peace.
  . speed positive, liability.
  . untoward   . them.
  . amazing.
  . enriched.
  . made.
  .   .   . good.
  . daemons momentarily disappear.
  . return.
  . gift love.
  . uncanny.
  . tonic   . same.
  . inconceivable architecture.
  . commune   . friends.
  . alive.
  . leave die.
  . gifts others.
  . production
point.
 ' under.
buddha.
preparation.

names. supple. "yet supple." tune. bowing desired. alpine 
fingers. risky gamble maverick clarinet. balance embedding 
cords, chords, braid sheaves. unclarity remaining. today 
shakuhachi, alto moving. lungs. tomorrow sazs, pipa, oud, 
simpler architectures lands. read forgetting. assigned limits 
born older singing. ignore outside mattered resonances, 
murmurings summed word, palmyra. no-strings no-one listens 
speaks, no-thing no-comments, no-community empty facebook g+ 
please 'like' no-string jiari swallows arising dependent revrev, 
shift, power grid, calculus, protocol, no-breath realize medium, 
hence transformation, emptiness dependent-arising, vac-kwak, 
inward :: jiari, modern bore, wider, modes, jinashi-jiari, qing 
host cou ghgh ost sick bad flu turned bacterial infection 
fever's away cough's furious, twists hurt inside hungry fast, 
red dust choke escape, looms science logic shattered, yelling, 
suffocated, making-sense wraiths flutter life's doors boy middle 
wanders he's things, closing thoughts moment's crashed 
descending, coughcoughgh ghghost lake stopped. trapped. started. 
remember. tense become, having past; happened; existing, 
present; (_compounded predicate, substantive, adjectives; 
adverbs adjectives_); joined with; purified; (_divine, animal, 
vegetable_); (v.); created thing; (v.; gnly. n.); being, ghost, 
goblin (c.); n. fact, reality, actual occurrence; welfare; 
(_esp. gross elements, earth, water, fire, air, ether; supposed 
composed dissolved_); tense, augment; creator beings; beings, 
spirits; aggregate community creatures; multitude beings (siva); 
investigation elements; believer _the doctrine that_ _is 
elements_); verity, condition tenderness creatures, goblin. (mod 
macdonnell, practical sanscrit dictionary) rove, roam, ramble 
finding dizziness, loss concentration, fogginess, forgetfulness, 
losing track, recapitulating, returning, transforming, 
forgetting, refinding fitting retrofitting beginnings, odd 
leading slower, rougher, elegiac, second exalting, faster, 
fastest, defocused chills, shivering, confusion, semiconscious, 
wanton speed, fuzziness, fugue state, repeating, braiding 
phrases, storehouses, compartments, abandonments, maroonings, 
isolation chambers, meandering, wayward stumbling, wanton, 
elsewhen, sheaves, somewhere, somewhen, making, good, lurching, 
brew brewing hasapi going wind hollowed, continued rear 
sound-hole, finally rain picking held had, submergence, moments 
tearing rending _into it_ home rain, maybe, uselessly hoping 
breakthrough published, concert, promotion, grant, curing 
gnawing throat throat, thin closure looking local cluster, 
amazed confluence fecundity catastrophe, annihilation cluster 
closer, increasing, flashes outside, storm, omaha bluejay drove 
providence / clarinet bluejays porch thunder storms personal 
ornithology enveloped admiration pleased enjoyment promised 
drive occurrence drift transform ladakhi fred lieberman, 
ethnomusicologist expert. constructed reed, tar, duct tape, 
architecture native american flutes wikipedia article subject). 
lieberman speculated historic groups. albert system c decades 
gave him; klezmer, gift; gotten ladakh. poorly, parallels 
regions national museum this. accurate recounting, years? 
refrigerated, tar retain shape.) ululations, protection vectors 
giuseppi logan, committed suicide, unutterable, intolerable, 
moan, materr tenug tengu occupying revert drained 
circumambulation figure marks pukpuk granting liseten musick 
reverence beign comprehend occurred againn solitary upermost 
reeches mynd resultz lst nevr achieved sinew torn efect machine 
noisesound enug fo producing swollen exact chest originate brass 
reedcanne animale ys find exhalatation spiryt cometh nyte lirned 
natural presenattation holds tight breast suckles produce canot 
help peer nonparallel humans lirn thick cored, tangled strands 
generally here; celebrated, embraced; notes there;  , long- 
necked shut;  , bass forward; rope useful suspension bridge; 
swallowed; time; future life; engine; engine substance; perfect; 
cored; down. no-purpose [:] used start limitations sea bone atom 
forgets purpose ends origins beginnings endings observe 
performed action perform stand die art absent demarcation, mark 
non-existent unmarked transformed pure ontology player 
non-existence sorted-out sorting demarcation marker brayed 
recorder, irish banjo, point, self loathing, disgusted soulless 
effrontery cares screwed what, stupid refrain (introjection 
projection) braid. (applause) she's dancing beautifully, combing 
binding medical flows, identities, vulnerabilities, 
immunological defenses, maintenance emphasis cohering parts, 
membranes molecular channels. organism emanent without. defined 
image apparition entity jectivity braid, apparent, genidentical, 
identity. organic genidentical extent. braided, contingent, 
contiguous. discrete knots. embraiding clearly primordial, 
disturbance cybermind, cock jewel, shaft braided gold. 
microtome, sheave-skin burrowed camera position. madhyamika, 
co-dependent origination, depend co-origination, image, entity, 
inhering true striated, variegated characterize visible project 
transforms emanent, habitus data-base. jennifer, continuing 
sheaf oh handshaking fruition? avatars considering ikonic, 
preconscious ('repository' syntactics, short-term metaphor) 
clothed, associated unconscious, unconscious necessarily splay 
real. 'organic' references phylum well), inhere minding, 
posteriori hermeneutics. embodying, background incarnation. 
sheave-skins react skins; feedback visual aural, proprioceptive. 
epistemological issue, locus. (real virtual), abandon emanent; 
abandoning deadly.  proceed backwards irretrievable, finality 
bodily risk, wildly disparate. nevertheless inhabits both, 
qualitatively manners, depending ontology. ontologies domains, 
rub raw problematize decided primordial? what's mess, concerned, 
sheaves/braids/self- cancellation. twists, knots octahedron. 
plastic body-inherency, 'real' 'virtual' carried 
formal-measurable limits, space. cave residency during irq 
untitled (alan sondheim, description) irq , brown university 
duration conference. kathleen ottinger, carter, worked together; 
that. collaborations did visuals, "wrote into" other's 
beforehand, scripts independent work. own, textual 
collaboration. rehearsal in-cave in-studio.) visuals sound; 
conference, originated laptops room. laptop projected room; 
wall. physically room sixth plenty elements. words, image; room, 
speakers cave. projector, onto sent large speakers. capabilities 
conference: area life, popular online odyssey sim, capable 
texturing, mesh modeling, avatar behaviors. sims macgrid, 
experimental/research completely modifiable highly malleable 
landforms. in-world theater opensim laptops, each; configuration 
.iar file downloaded macgrid. were, often, simultaneously housed 
bambuser, application usb light attached; pick azure's face. 
channel textures modified alone, background. inverted, feedback, 
'guide' normal. face/image embedded objects, intersecting 
ghostly, real-time, situation, songs, appeared cds lps. songs 
fed supercollider designed specifications, luke damrosch. suite 
programs called "revrev" allows musician enunciation head 
instead tail. combining thick, involved multiple coherent chords 
stemming original sound-source, fifth below tones. ran prompt, 
parameters changed process. times, either accompany azure, 
resonances; amplifier. goals acoustically balanced; revrev 
environment control. directly times.) feeds included main 
pre-recorded materials, texts. materials nyu's motion capture 
studio, skwarek. performers things: deliberate glitches 
anomalies distorted figures. mocap markers remapped representing 
avatar; topologically ways, broke various ways. emanation 
performers, embodiment techniques decade, distortions represent 
avant-dance, wounding, throes, hysteria, desire, pain, political 
issues. videos nyu (just weeks earlier) linked half-hour 
occurring worlds. themselves; chats image. improvised mise en 
scene in-world. navigate in-world; spectator, disentangle. 
deliberate; contents imagery, representation states crises 
violence u.s., africa, mid-east, on. primary special topic 
johannes birringer co-moderated empyre email list november, , 
"isis, terror, performance" torture, beheading, fear, month.  , 
nd sandy baldwin, "pain, death," (i'm title). lab resulted bvh 
files real-life performer animate avatars. distortions. 
distortions, nyu, projected; projections in-world, viewed 
important interactivity with. projections, creating nude 
warriors charred "dancing" symbols isis terror. fairly 
high-speed. heard avatar's itself; projector speakers; emanating 
architecture, fixity resonances speaker interactions, beat 
frequencies, etc., play. hollowed tied to, yet images. imaged 
bubble, domestic; purely textual. "tuning" fascinate resonated 
darkness brightness affected texture readability texts, 
conditions changing. feedback; full, overloading screeching. 
lavalier mic correct parts. relates deals dancers); residency, 
weight adjusting equipment though (except bambuser) artists: 
ottinger carter alan sondheim damrosch thanks john cayley 
opportunity. to: skwarek, birringer, foofwa d'imobilite, kira 
sedlock, frances van scoy, patrick lichty, columbia college, 
west virginia university, inward, outward jinashi, buki , 
precise, visitor visitation, take distance. relax calm porous 
membrance substance, tangled, untangled, breath, carry 
dream-hall, un-dream-screen (why visual), emergent, smeared, 
coughed others, gathering, hakuin, something, monte levenson 
brilliant (levenson's yung's reconditioning) "he develops 
investigation-of-states factor seclusion, cessation, 
relinquishment." "'contemplating breathe in,' trains himself, 
'contemplating out,' himself." (from anapanasata sutti, 
mindfulness buddhists canon commentaries, bhikkhu nanamoli, 
buddhist publication society) variety inconsistency. styles 
change abruptly; up; media audio/video/image/web/performance 
again; coheres. bored easily; investigate domain symbolic 
viewpoint messiness, messiness symbolic. codes languaging 
background, disseminated, dissimulated. orders leaks 
manageriality; smears devolves incoherency; aphasias disorders 
real; brute insistent protocols; sexualities, acculturations, 
languagings materiality idealities; idealities materiali- ties; 
symbolic, abstraction, geographic subjects monarchic domains. 
quantity distribution, infinite. commonality usage. 
distributivity unobtainable. praxis practice. shearing-away, 
habit habitus. nudge. net. common themes theme hardening 
attempting grasp 'otherwise.' argument totalization. code code. 
broken. disaster. staying come, sensate. anywhere, anywhere. 
conclusion? perhaps, history, rocky landscape stumbled over. 
works brain, presumptuous. symptomology. tropes, symptoms 
cross-reference, see. cross-reference. come. rebeca hurry 
rebecca octave fourth, resonator, old, dark, clunky tenor 
modules segues, interviewed, tones guises, beginning, 
indefinitely, interviewer, 'noodling' gary snowing snow joyce's 
story, weather, breathes upon reverb interrupt festival; we'll 
using. available realtime publicly macgrid sim localhost sims. 
'above' touchstone strangest made; stages madal together), 
post-production shift. (future tense) _other side_ there? 
unexpectedness haunting mourning, lamentations, wailing, 
ululuations "no, trace, sleep dreams, haunting, haunched 
shoulders, unbearable magnetic storms, imagine is.  haunting? 
haunting-screen, whereabouts signifying neutral expression, 
haunted plastered, explain. ghosts, dreams nightmares 
psychoanalytics recompense memory). scratched stretched nubbed 
tips cloak phantom, descends corrosion neurasthenia swayed 
rippled." anong projects plato greek plato's philosophy 'he 
packed pipe elaborately. once philosphy," said. "but ruined it." 
chuckled: "next better."' frederick kohner, gidget york, 
accompanied comments physicality intruments; afterwards, nails, 
blisters, blood. against, aural landscapes applause out; 
performance. erhu reasonable motu computer; travel ultrasonic 
well; duplicated mic. compounded tinnitus, beats/ patterns; 
ear-dreaming, phantom hearing, strange; above/below entirely 
instrument. next heart mirrored madal, here. worthy rushed, 
physical/musical capabilities. fill session woman cutting board.

   reverb; headphones curious way. indicative soundboard 
configurations. reacting fear interfering everything; 
suspiciously. annoying, strange, insistent, tonalities able end. 
earphones, differently, meditated echo war medea res spiritvoice 
granoff tonight (preformer) presentation spots, clicks, . , 
azurevoice altoclarinet, radio mic, dual ceiling mounted, bell, 
azurehands cupped alanhands keys, corner audience, damping, 
exquisite impossibility eternity looked relentless subzero 
temperatures loneliness blizzard indoors temperature suicide 
seeping rising sky snows grey color mathesis-poesis elementary , 
printed nscad williams college) exchange (dynamic process) <> 
scope () (+<>-)<>(-<>+) and/or ((+<>-)+)<>((-<>+}-} operator m 
recall r +m placed +mr +r +mm c() a+ parentheses gates types: 
one-way gate capacity inaccessibly two-way operated cycles. 
threshold devices formal neurons constructed. dot particles, 
anti-particles, null indicating mathematician's transformation 
structure. chain-negation, ~~a a, ~a ~b etc.; negation 
structure; binary oppositions immersive definable structures; 
susceptible analysis, temporally embedded; straight-forward, 
non-dynamic mathematico-logical analysis. above, developed 
topology intention, being-in-the-world partly phenomenological. 
mid-late s, reality. minsky bohm then. mathematically naive, 
false, dead-ending analysis poesis directions consciousness 
marxist dialectic influential shortly described technology pcms 
parameter units interconnected ways homes audio-visual displays, 
robotics, output interfaces; basically analog anywhere them; 
breathed. synthesizer design; earlier, late s, gregert johnson 
built medium-scale voltage-controlled scratch. overall together. 
amplifiers properties led well. fit. wrong-headed recursive 
understand quantum applied land's color-vision theory, "gestural 
logic" influences elimination aristotelian laws distribution. 
recently helped absolutism. lines, relativized x blackbirds 
defined, non-x non-blackbirds intersection non-x, set, 
<blackbirds> null-set, division blackbirds. equations leaking 
childhood dreamed dividing

 / undefined infinity coupled origin, includes fanciful 
notations ultimately nowhere... attempted attempt ground 
mathesis; knowledge mathematics, roam nowhere, certain sciences 
anything, laughed math student. persevere perversely, wait 
uncertainty centering, reverb, skull, logics spectrum 
temporally, enjoy forever, amen "if solo year, it!" convolution 
damrosch; (avatar) instrument: long-necked sazzz : half-way 
kicks sazzz : honestly "getting somewhere" "feels good" 
somewhere. feels again. guess through. healing, peace, drugs, 
stepping-stone brillaince, although markings willy-nilly.. men 
women driven dream. dreaming. substance curtain vizoud oud 
image-music: "what oud?" self-conscious poser am, spam, worth 
damn, jam, skilled, ham, studied tried cram, lam, heavy sham, 
rock, glam, muzak tram, grating slam, quibble-dribble scam, 
court cham! dwelling, fluidics, software determined software, 
player, air humidity-dependent, direction characteristics 
apparatus, ambient reflective surfaces, acoustics registers 
chordal qualities parameters, computer, microphone pickups 
transducers in-determined transforms, onset, series, choate 
inchoate, adjustments acoustic supple entries inquiries, 
somatic, discovers, wellsprings discovery, subtlest attributes 
player's flashdance discovery mysterious ecstasy locus 
unimaginable rest silent wordless, formless form, soundless 
glass modern, table. angle table allegiance s experimentation 
wilder grain. exact; add buzzes creaks, tensor itself. 
damrosch's programming, proof apparent reversed accompanying (as 
interesting themselves). harmonic agni . instrumentation 
carter), tibetan cymbals (luke damrosch), saxophone keyboard 
sondheim). electronic-acoustic setup. equalization, changes, 
multi-speaker/channel distort temporal perception, continual 
enunciation. microphone, fender amp; components playing-space 
prevent feedback. festival march. enjoy! opening, w/varied 
parameters; cura, environments (currently channel) delay, 
perception. calming sturm und drang; sirens france, mountain 
stream, zen. streets ice, screams, serenity. mourn, meditate, 
evelyn norman weiss talk backs prayer cry aid journey revrev! 
verver! revreverver manifesto! action! program future! review 
revise reving engines cultures reviewing rehearsing rehearse 
productiohs revamped anterior productions whirlwind doorless 
transparent permeable monads verver brever esrever esiver weiver 
sessecorp yrotapicitna serutluc senigne gniver gnisraeher 
gniweiver shoitcudorp retfa esraeher roiretna erutuf eht 
depmaver neeb evah thgim dluow tahw ecnad erofeb noitcudorp 
snoitcudorp gnicudorp serutcetihcra cinos elibom tneisnart won 
ytinummoc esac ydaerla syawla dnuos dniwlrihw htiw denepo sdnuos 
sdanom elbaemrep tnerapsnart dna sselrood revreverver! wood! ny, 
% untuned, large-output humidifier going. suroz, gambus, luckily 
cracked. twelfth (unused) peg fell jumped; adjust happy, dry 
town (even water), low, stop crazy, resetting pegs, worrying 
tension, cranky bowl-backed mandolin last. meanwhile 
(traditional, upright), different. dry, slipping, slipping are; 
msoud lyrical, relief mourning produce. msoud maurice shehata 
maker, originally dubai. ================ reversal simulacrum 
reversal, follows, ensues. spatiality, temporality, emblematic, 
responsive, exigencies resonance, likewise, emergent property 
whole. eternity, anterior. headphones. (which subtle stereo). 
personally third editing audition. server laptop, imprudence 
viewer prims regions. derrida, apocalypse, (full ahead, 
missiles, missives), diacritics / , */record, reverse, 
normalize/* care signal romeo di giorgio guitar. cambridge, 
mass,

    , since. started disastrous relationship;  . influenced 
lightning hopkins. memorized alphabetic order, a,b,c,d,e,f,g, 
sharps flats due order. guitars, settled gibson giorgio. 
cambridge al wilson (later canned heat) "city blues player" 
fahey charlie patton. went, stayed store clerk cried; he'd 
concerts, cost $ .  cracks cracks. floods, closet providence, 
island, warehouse los angeles, tasmania. everywhere remarkable: 
hyperboloid wooden band extending inch back. eighteenth-century 
design. seen device, except current tarrega, oval hole. 
description company: "alan, sorry, translator. serie artistica 
covers pine, laterals plated jacarand, fingerboard pau ferro, 
arm pretty. model. manufactured artisan." swedish pine. 
brazilian rosewood. removed re-glue bracing repaired lutheir 
guitars segovia david lee roth. unusually rich response. shine 
apparently bows, action's low. unlike hasn't diminished age. 
occasion repair breathe. fourth value $ , knows? mass-produced; 
distinctive anyone. fragility care, survive. (electric saz, 
yayli tanbur, examples), standardized; needed zithers. digital 
phenomenologies; replacement, equivalence, imminence, modality 
subject. inhering, subject-like; remote, object-like. analog, 
"in construct raster. exaggerate complex), (like donna haraway's 
"companion species") forty years; computer now; reminds screen 
wireless, matters most, wetware "alien" branes, brains. 
sometimes paths debris. arrived; possession mutual relevant 
lives. 

   acoustically; key stereo. tracks beowulf generates 
considerable electromagnetic spectrum. realistic patrolman sw- 
sw, vhf, uhf bands. signals hearing. machine-states exist 
emanents machine. glory.
