                                                    Alan Sondheim 2008



                                                              
DDDDDDDDDDD                                                 SSSSSSSSSS
D    DDDDDDD                                                SSSSSSSSSS
DD    DDDDDDD                                               SSS
DDD    DDDDDDDifficult Works  |CLARA.TEXT|  Working the FileSSSSSSSSSS
DD    DDDDDDD                                                      SSS
D    DDDDDDD                                                SSSSSSSSSS
DDDDDDDDDD                                                  SSSSSSSSSS


*They begin here. Looking out over holocaust city, wires everywhere*
*strangling the simple life, guys and gals bound tight to one*
*another in every conceivable combination. You could hear strange*
*languages you wouldn't believe, and you wouldn't understand a word*
*because they were talking alone. I brought back what I brought back.*


                                                        5/19/08
======================================================================


This work is a continuation of the investigations of Internet Text,
which is available in three files: Internet Text, Love on the Net,
and Web Text. Clara Text wanders; its dominion is nomadic. Issues of
communication, desire, and the absolute are paramount. Horror and
beauty appear.

This text may be distributed accompanied by the author's name. 
Bibliographical information is available on request.


======================================================================


DESCRIPTIVE TABLE OF CONTENTS:


THE STORY OF HORROR WHICH DID NOT HAPPEN TO ME AND IS NOT A STORY: 
From  THE THEORY AND PRACTICE OF HELL to a problematic of electric
desire and communication.

THE START OF IT ALL: A compressed anthology of philosophical "plot"
and description.

THE GREAT BEYOND: Beyond the Looking-Glass, Clara.

"radio report": From Brooklyn, Taylor, Saarinen, and Baudrillard.

STATUES SPEAK THE QUESTIONABLE: The image of frozen speech and 
electronic subjectivity.

FLATLANDS: If Los Angeles is the postmodern city, Miami is the 
imaginary of the Internet.

MYFLESH THUS!!!: Miami reflects CYNTHIA SATELLITE COSTAR through a
myriad.

I ONLY TELL TRUTH BY A. HACKER: Beginnings of a consideration of a
political economy of the Net.

SPEAKING THE DPRESSION OF DEATH'S TRUE BIRTH: Truth and Tonya 
Harding; Lie and Nancy Kerrigan.

HOW IT WAS: Yeats, the loss of center, dissolution and nationality.

CLARAMURMUR: Image, the dream, what I could not say.

THE GREAT CARAPACE, by Clara: The Revolution has already occurred.
Information and culture are entirely other. Do not be mistaken.
Live the consequence.

THE DIGITAL DOMAIN AND FACTICITY, WITTGENSTEIN'S *TRACTATUS*: The
return, through electronic communication, to a 19th-Century dream
of stabilization and cohesion.

THE POLITICAL ECONOMY OF THE INTERNET: "defined and considered in
brief outline form." 

I LOOK THROUGH YOUR EYES: Dean Swift, the elegy, Dean Street, screen
terminal, "screen remov'd," death and disappearance.

THE WOMAN: Nietzsche/Irigaray/Wittgenstein, recognition and the
mirror.

THE LAST SCIENCE FICTION STORY and TRAVIS: The conclusion of the genre
of science fiction in light of current developments in electronics,
subjectivity, consciousness and communication. TRAVIS floods from THE
LAST SCIENCE FICTION STORY, begins and ends, floods out.

SUMMARY OF INTERNET TEXT: Brief description of basic concepts.


======================================================================


He downloaded everything, memory and all. He murmured in his sleep. He
knew there was no truth, had followed THAT FUNCTION all his life. 
Began again, said Clara. There was no one there. She knew that.


======================================================================



THE STORY OF HORROR WHICH DID NOT HAPPEN TO ME AND IS NOT A STORY



I never had any feeling; ice went up my ass. Everything was dull and
frozen. Packed in without feeling. A grey horizon of light. Iron
spears of pressure-dependent pain. I was immobile. My eyes felt iced
shut. Soaked. The chill is unbearable. I have no number. My blood
freezes as my skin bleeds. Nameless. A rotunda.

They turn me over. Flesh cracks; there's blood something transparent
on the concrete. "On." Teeth are gone. I know my lip is split but I do
not know "I." Oh told to write this you have it. 

I am packed frozen between two women. They shove her breast in my
mouth. I can't move. The body stashes its tremble. A convulsion. The
cock grows of its own accord. I bend double. The women pack closer.
One is thrown off and killed. Oh Clara the other one. She places her
mouth on my eye. It moves. I have a tear on my skin. Eye screams with
pain because it is moved.

My cock is hard. Oh Clara holds it, shoves it in. My back collapses
and broken everywhere. It pierces me. Her cunt rings fire. It's of no
use of use. Leans forward, braces. They tear her off me. They tear me
in two. They put her on me. My back breaks in four places. They tear
her off me. 

Eye am warmed by ice Oh Clara. Oh Clara your breasts hard against me.
Slab concrete buckles. We fall tight, her cunt sewn on cock, eye sewn
on eye. Sutures everywhere. Leg leg.

Jagged ice everywhere, cut eye. I cannot rise. Oh Clara told to write
this Oh Clara have it Oh Clara you have at it. Blood cracks from her
mouth. She has no mouth, eye has no lid, open Clara cock. You cock I
am dropped. My back breaks, Clara breaks. Cure this; cure this "on." A
last sentence. What can I period. Clara drops. For they drop: drop us.
For they cut: cut us. For they break: break us. Eye am open always. 
Sutured shut.

Eugen Kogan, THE THEORY AND PRACTICE OF HELL, pp. 165-166: `Himmler
was especially interested in methods of warming persons who had been
severely chilled. In a number of series this was done by means of
naked women, brought from Ravensbruck for the purpose. "Personally I
believe," Himmler wrote Rascher, now promoted to SS captain, "these
experiments may bring the best and most sustained results, but of
course I may be mistaken." He was not mistaken. Rascher was able to
report in detail how revived subjects practiced sexual intercourse at
86 to 90 degrees F. and that this proved to be the equivalent of a
"hot bath." When placed between two naked women, the subjects did not
recover as rapidly as with one woman. "I attribute this to the fact
that in warming by means of one woman personal inhibitions are avoided
and the woman clings very closely to the chilled person (cf. Curve
4).' From the blurb inside front cover: `THIS WAS *HELL* ON EARTH /
They: *Injected innocent people with disease germs for the greater
glory of German ... Made lamp shades from human skin ... Revived
frozen men by the use of naked women ... Utilized the body fats of
millions for the German war effort ... Put to death more people than
any other tyranny in the history of the world ...*'


>>I do not tell a story. I do not cling to the truth. I do not cling
>>to anything. My skin falls from my bones. I am an electric galaxy. 
>>I do not have to live here. I am told: You can go and live wherever
>>you want and it will be okay. I am told: Nothing happened because
>>this is not a story. I cannot help clinging. I am hopeless, having
>>no hope for myself. What would that be like. I do not understand
>>this woman wanting this desire. I have lied to you from the
>>beginning.

>>>Do you want to tell something, to tell the truth. There is no
>>>truth, there is nothing.

>>You transform into dialog, into dialogic; you turn, turn away from
>>me. Oh Clara nothing happened. Do not read the signs!

>>>The signs are there to be read. Or there are no signs, only marks.
>>>There are marks made by nails into floors, marks splintering flesh;
>>>there are marks but no eyes

>>There are eyes nothing to read, no marks nothing, you do not know
>>this nothing or imagined or dream torn from its moorings

>>>There are no marks be quiet >>>>Yes be quiet

"It is a description of the closest thing to hell in human history."
--Reinhold Niebuhr

I AM FULL OF HOLES sondheim@newschool.edu



for clara



----------------------------------------------------------------------



THE START OF IT ALL



Back home, I would think about altarity. But now, wandering in a
hermeneutic circle would never square with me...


I'm sitting down to write; I have a reed in my hand, and the sand is
spread out before me. The river in the distance has overflowed its
banks, and is just now receding. There is a banquet nearby; I will go
there shortly, and regale the guests with tales about carpenters and
chariot-makers. In this manner, I will earn my keep. Before going out,
I make sure it is night; even the stars have their master, and
everything is fixed, absolute, and in place forever. 

At the banquet, I discourse freely to everyone who will listen. Some
charming dancers entertain the guests, a few of whom are members of
the Resistance. There is fighting right now outside Jena and the
avenues are tense; I can see the imminent victory of the Prussian
state, a natural trajectory of the dialectic, beginning with my
doubting everything, an occasion for eschatological desire. An abyss
opens up beside me; within it, annihilation itself seems to seethe,
and there is no end to the affairs of men and women. The ideal state
to come will have no poets and no philosophers, something I
conclusively demonstrate with all the power of the geometric. Since I
am a misfit, I elevate myself to the top of the mountain where red
flames dominate the landscape; there are those who dominate and those
who are controlled by my subaltern ego. But I reject every pretense,
and wear nothing but a barrel; let those who dare to look, do so.
(Need I add it would be queerer to gaze?)

From this vantage point, next to a peasant hut in the Black Forest
where men and women are suddenly thrown, I see a red patch,
unidentifiable, but offering every attribute I am considering before
me. The patch is surely the same in all possible worlds, where it
possesses the characteristic of a fact or picture, a rigid designator
articulating the armature of an over-privileged semantics. I may or
may not refer to `it.' If I become the red patch, it is beneath the
sign of capital; capital flows from my pores, flows everywhere. I
dissolve slowly into transparency, a simulacrum of my former self, and
continue to write on a simulacrum-computer, filling all conceivable
data-bases with useless Turing machines; I transform myself into a
body-without-organs in the terminal stages: constipation, corpulence,
power and madness. This is the dreaded `death of the author' signified
in each and every postcard, where letters `go to the drugstore' of the
obsessive-compulsive. The red patch illuminates the desk I am writing
upon, as the final apocalyptic conflagration envisions itself from a
distance. All I can do is raise my fist as Europe shudders, corpse-
like, beneath its sullen masters.

My clenched fist in the air is helpless against the stone I continue
to push up the mountain, which seems slightly absurd, even if
transcendent and rather egotistical. The mathematization of the
granite, rather concrete, results in almost perfect lines of flight
across it; these coalesce with the identical categories available to
the Beaver, who waits for me with Pierre at the cafe shortly after the
symposium has come to an end. No good ever flows from this, the death
of Helene on the way to the final construction of a purified and
scientific political economy, something I can live with, having roamed
the streets of Manchester, in order to bring the philosophical down to
the level of material praxis and avoiding any further reification.
What an imaginary!

The red patch over my eyes is painful; I am hobbled, resorting to the
aphoristic crutch in order to convey my dislike of princes and the
press. The uncanny power of women contaminates every line I add to the
others; it is only through the telephone and its interminable
existential dial-up, that I continue to turn a deaf ear to the world
and its discourse-networks, harboring the unequivocal testimony of
sight. Everywhere, sight leaves its traces; the punctured hymen of the
Beaver provides a final word, projecting from her hole into a freedom
always already structured by its opposite. Double lips shudder,
reducing me to an imaginary penis, uncapped head indicative of the
non-believing Jew exiled from the habitus of the Amsterdam synagogue.
Men always do this, and this is what makes them men. I realize that if
men are analytic, women are synthetic; the Beaver says it's the other
way around. (My statement has never been spoken by a body.)

What makes them men is a purified techne as well, something I would
respond to if questioned. Every question demands an answer, but not
every answer demands a question, which is ineffable, written on this
book of sand that shoots out from under me every twelve or so hours.
But I am of the technological, the episteme of instrumental reason,
not remote or disembodied in an ideal world inhabited by the elements
crowned with the Concept of the Idea. Outside the window there is a
tree of a particular color which the Navajo see; I can never take in
each of its leaves on an individuated basis, just as I can never count
the pillars in the Pantheon. Better, however, is an act of exile which
is reconstruction, always reversible, except for the brute facticity
of death, to which I am hardly partial, being somewhat super. Now I am
gathering speed, becoming incandescent; fragments and seminars course
through my veins close to the speed of light, competing among
themselves, completing the torn fabric of the real (always the
scenario of suture), mumbling through those same veiled lips that
sealed my internal-time consciousness about ten minutes ago.
 
I am lost in the ipseity of my freedom, confused about beings (there
are so many of them) and Being confused. The eidetic reduction is a
diminution of the obverse; I drink less and less natural kinds as
hypereality transforms null into cipher, leaving me with `a smaller
glass' of tea. The inverse of the glass is neither opaque nor convex;
a node within the grid of doxa cathects every drop spilled from the
fluid mechanics of the feminine. The result? More rigid designators
and more masquerades: the mimetic indeed!

And what is the real if not a game constructed out of the consensual
sublime? What is the sublime if not a differend inverted by silence
(that makes all the differance in the world, being less noisy!)? The
sublime is always silent? Sound is the institutionalization of
capital, the rigidity of the script fixed in a prioritization of the
written over the purely oral and its stages. Each question eliminates
itself; speech is an act of excretion. The cave is silent, too, where
men and women watch. (Speech is always four-fold; no one has time for
that.) In the corner of the cave is perhaps a snake; it may also be a
rod, or rod(ent), whatever is relevant at the moment, whatever might
or might not bite. The id has the face of Medusa, an alterity defining
an essence or existing seeping away, the result of insomnia,
difficulties of health. I write this in the sand until my head is cut
off.

sondheim@newschool.edu


----------------------------------------------------------------------



THE GREAT BEYOND


For a moment I can't think. My mind goes blind. I don't see in words
but I don't see the point of not using them. Let them drag across the
page - see if I care. Words always demand this - a matrix or a plane.
I imagine another, a gulf with cragged sides, extending down into 
shadow - there might be a stream at bottom, at dusk, at dark - words
webbed there, hung like hammocks - they might glow a bit - a way of
announcing themselves.

Hanging there in invisibility or an extruded and extreme dimension-
ality. Words and their calling.

Thin tape always holds images. Images are not code; images say
nothing. Code isn't everything that speaks, but speaking is a form of
code, an inferential matrix or sememe. To construct is to bracket is
to substitute; one thing might stand for another or I won't stand for
this. The simpler.

The simpler always refers back to the code of the language, huddled
against enormous megabytes of image. The image registers as noise; no
one remembers it - it fills too much space - only a compression works,
bringing everything back into the level of the word. The image becomes
phonemic. 

The noise is simpler, prohibitive of a certain degree of thought. The
labor of thinking is still unrecognized - the exhaustion. It is the
following of a thread which rings true, or a form of resonance. It is
denying the truth of the ringing as well; denial costs, as in the
construction of a house which will never be inhabited, open to the
weather, lasting less than a season.

The mind blinds itself to the difficulty of the world. To image the
world is to mirror it or a segment which is to COHERE. If I COHERE I
am a hole or conduit; I cum. I AM ALWAYS BESIDE MYSELF. The screen
itself rips coherence; if I cum, the screen is occluded. Think of it!
PICTURE IT!

To think within the image is to think within the imaginary which is
the world. The world is dying; to think this dying is to think the
text of this dying and its system, a text-contusion. The particulation
of the text permits inscription, the circumlocution of the end of
history, the hysteric rise of scarcity. Everything is purchased at a
cost; the image fissures purchasing itself.

I look at a cunt; I'm aroused, my cock stiffens. I'm hard, jerk off.
The exhausted image lends itself towards me, leans into me. I see my
body narrowed, fitting into the blind sieve, falling through. 

I fall through and look at you. There are words everywhere in the gulf
beneath me, the gulf between me. Flesh is always a projection, an
evaluation of underlying code. Some see the pictures, some read the
code. If I could read the code, I could control the pictures. The gulf
would flatten, harden like a plate; I'd see everything in it. "Daddy,"
she said, holding onto my leg, "Daddy, I'm scared." "I know darling,"
I replied, "I know."

I was scared too, but I didn't want it to show. My leg was wet with
her tears. How could the world be so cruel? Her golden hair, her
smiling face - would she survive, live to grow in a world of peace and
beauty? Nothing was certain in the brutal ruins of a nation
surrounding me. I wanted to scream. Closing my eyes, I wanted to
scream.

The IMAGE of the plate: You can't imagine. What began would transform,
hardening your eyes in position, the exact articulation of an object
or entity grounded in the translucent. An image is never a map; a map
is an icon; an image is always in both senses OF the real. The word
has no existence. The non-existence of the word is always in both
sense WITHOUT the real. 

I would fall through. From the very first I felt at ease. You made the
CHILDSPEAK, opening what had always been closed, circumscribed. You
EMERGED the speaking into the imaginary. EITHER THERE ARE WORDS OR
THERE IS NOTHING you said. I saw the other with you. Nothing was
rewritten.

On the far side of the symbolic is the measure geometry. You make a
row of red boxes. You place a blue box between every two boxes, almost
doubling the row. You place a red box between every two boxes, almost
doubling the row. You continue this, your hand sliding down my leg,
tears everywhere as the lost countries of Europe and Africa are guided
by the exhaustion of the image which knows no symmetry, the 2/2
measure geometry I described in SPEW.TXT and elsewhere. You are guided
by the lost countries of Asia and America, countries squeezed to the
last drop, the emergence of one and another picture, all equivalent,
all pained. "Daddy," you cry, harder now, "Daddy, why do you shake me
free? Please don't let me alone! Please, Daddy, please!" I close my
eyes and the sounds won't go away. I close my eyes and I hear Europe
and hear America; I hear Asia and I hear Africa: I hear the slow
murmur of Australia rising from the ashes, hear the sound of chanting
crippled, glowering in the gulf of words:

In the Gulf of Words, the Gulf of Wars, Clara, your name is written
dissolving in illuminated and fluttering letters; your name is my
imaginary: Your name\imaginary\file\dir *.* or CLARA\*.* wild cards
spewing every image, the collapse of terabytes of information coursing
the net, collapse of megabytes of languages stuttering through wires
overheated and thinned to the breaking point -

"Daddy," you cry, "I can't see you anymore!"


----------------------------------------------------------------------



X-cs: 
From:     Self <ZEOS/SONDHEIM>
To:       Everyone That Cares
Subject:  Re: -------
Date:     30 Apr 94 03:55:01

From:          Self <ZEOS/SONDHEIM>
To:            The Rest of Them
Subject:       -------
Date:          30 Apr 94 03:50:51

I'm beginning to realize the advantage of living in Brooklyn. I've
been reading Taylor/Saarinen's Imagologies, considering it for the
courses I'm going to be teaching, either here or there, and finding
myself infuriated at the consistent rhetoric and totalizations
employed. There's absolutely no concept of capital, except a certain
notion of localization that's never spelled out. Scarcity doesn't
occur to these guys; neither does multiculturalism. Everything is
electric/electronic in an inversion in which (for me) their
fragmentary becomes a totalized classical imperialism. In Brooklyn,
half the kids have beepers, guns; less have cb radios; telephones of
all sorts; boomboxes. Yet there are territorializations and
specificities connected with all of these, based first on scarcity and
second on the intensifications of local interests. T&S seem so full
of themselves that "local" is rendered meaningless; let everyone
starve as long as the academy can be attacked for its lack of
differentiation.

I've always had a Baudrillard problem here as well; totalization
becomes just another absolute in the face of Roseanne and its
demographics. What's wrong with these people? They were born before
the atomic era and the bomb-temperature is the first destruction
leaving neither trace nor ash. They wear their skins like skeins.
While all of this might seem like empty complaint, in Brooklyn the
real, no matter how defined, appears obdurate; survival is the
specificity of recognition, not channel or net-surfing. And clearly
such survival or lack of it is the future, net or not-net, given the
exponential increase in planetary pollution, noise, and ecological
destruction.

Maybe the problem lies in the American use of the acronym itself,
combined with a totalizing metaphor (like desiring-machine, cyber-
space, power) that appears as the horizon of the frontier. We remain
a frontier culture, examining, establishing, and breaking down our
various barbed-wire fences that make no landmark distinctions except
the cutting-off of lines-of-flight. We bury ourselves in our
homesteads, consuming 3-10 times per capita the planetary average of
energy, calories, etc. Whatever the problem is, T&S carry, like
Kroker or Baudrillard, the simulacrum over the libertarian edge.
There's not much left except an enticing depravity, speed-of-light
noise, and the emptied/forgotten future of places like Mexico City,
Somalia, Peru...

End of radio report\thanks for listening\sondheim@newschool.edu


----------------------------------------------------------------------



STATUES SPEAK THE QUESTIONABLE


Think of the SPEAKING STATUE as an extension of realism - handicraft
traced through excess, falling into the simulacrum. The voice becomes
an appendage, the calling of- or through- the stone itself.

The PRODUCTION of the stone is perfect, a duplication of the exterior
of the real. The calling is a result of the perfection; the stone is
inhabited. The voice is an excess, the real produced by the simulacrum
of the real. Consider this: The real is always an excess. The exterior
transforms into the interior, mute stone into the dwelling of speech.
But there is an inverse:

The speaking statue as the frozen or confined body - withdrawn and
pained, a form of the bellowing `iron maiden.' If the first version is
a DIFFERENTIATION of stone into code (DNA or language), the second is
an INTEGRATION or foreclosing of the body. 

The body which is foreclosed is a tortured body, sutured into a
totality. Such a body is immobile; speaking, it bears witness.* It
does nothing but bears witness. This is the dominated body, but never
the masochistic, which operates within and without a horizon of
freedom.

Or it speaks, rigid, angered: a state of catatonia or self-immobiliza-
tion, a choice against the world. What does it speak? Certainly not
the anger or the witnessing of the world; it speaks a rigid and
phallocentric interiority, the trauma, real or imagined, of an
originary scenario.

These bodies lend themselves to the mythological, neither one thing
nor another - a mythology which transgresses epistemology and the
construct of the living.

For the speaking statue, the body, is tortured and confined IN ORDER
TO WITNESS: the body of the oracle. Or the perfection of the stone or
the sacred which 'invites' speech: the oracle again. Sacrifice, the
silencing of the spoken through the total confinement of the body,
silences the exterior witness who becomes a gift-thing by extinction -
you say to the Gods, I'm serious!

The construct/essence of electronic subjectivity: representation of
the body BY speech, speech dragging the body behind it. But WHAT is
speaking (i.e. beyond what is spoken) is always already mediation,
vis-a-vis a hierarchy of recognitions, addresses, programs, protocols.
Nothing is alive but the speech itself, electron flux. Everything lies
in the interpretation.

These inhabitations or implementations are always uncanny, disturbing,
because of a tension or striation contradicting the surface phenomena.
The subject-spoken-to is at a loss; it is his or her problematic, not
that of the statue itself. The interiority of the statue resonates as
a Kantian ding-an-sich, bracketed and revealed through a contradictory
symptomology. Evidence is never a problem for evidence. At this
juncture one assumes the observer either human or cyborg. The statue
speaks, sputters, stutters. What does the statue say? Does it say it
is a statue? Does it say it is at last real, at last one with the
human or machine?

And what of the shaman who speaks? The terminal spewed from the
shaman? What speaks through the shaman, through the materiality of the
shaman in order to speak of the other that is human? 

Is speaking the answer, were there a question, to death?

Is speaking an answer?


*Is the totality always an orality? Is the proper name a circum-
locution generated from within? Does totality exist without
totalizing? ...

----------------------------------------------------------------------



FLATLANDS


The land extends indefinitely in every direction, flat platelets of
water riding laminar surfaces, extensions forming rivulets, a net
analog of hallucinations, fractal accumulations of data emissions
swept beneath perturbable seas

It is upon the plane itself that objects meld into one another,
everything dissipates and belongs, intensities swirl around uncertain
habitats, and roseate flowers strew petals bent back for obsequious
encounters

Green densities transforming upon the half-centimeter of land-caress

A writing which folds back upon itself, hieroglyph, I say the land
knows the land, recognizes itself, beyond the falter of declivities
spewed, nothing remarking, the dwelling of the remark, each and every
image of content forming content forming quiet discontent

The wrapping of petals, closure of warm and swollen seas

One thinking one, none thinking or one thinking or being thought by
one, an image, specular colors, organisms, translucencies, green ovals
thinned and receptive to warmth and concept-formation, love flowering
between edge smoothing into edge smoothing into plain...


----------------------------------------------------------------------



MYFLESH THUS!!!



Here in this flat land, I exist only to suture one upon the other,
MYFLESH against a degree of topography.

But here in this flat land, I recognize its impossibility; I dream of
Brooklyn and its interstices. But here in Brooklyn, I dream of a flat
land surrounded and crossed by wires, packets of information,
triangulations providing the only guide to address or recognition -
triangulations from above, guided by SATELLITE COSTAR dark upon SUN
which burns through wires, constructs BROWNOUT.

BROWNOUT is the great depression, the numbing of low-temperature
voltage barely holding machinery in place; machinery stumbles as I cry
to no one. (Do I cry CYNTHIA? Do I respond?) To cry again: the dream
of adolescence.

MYFLESH takes up the cry; MYFLESH stumbles in a DESIGNATED SPACE
lending to DESIGNATED SPACE. I walk upon declivities as SPACE WALKS
UPON ITSELF, stumbles to no end. Words catch in the craw of the mouth.
MYFLESH hives or scratches only in DESIGNATED SPACE; elsewhere
SATELLITE COSTAR hems in. Daily I record my thoughts.

My thoughts are http:\\mythoughts\mythoughts\mythoughts:html as you
might have guessed; REWRITE relocates with SATELLITE COSTAR even
fractal intensities, spiralling down. Do I never cut myself loose.
MYFLESH struggles against BROWNOUT dampening voice as switching
mechanics channel digital audio elsewhere. So that I am elsewhere. So
that I am always elsewhere, crying CYNTHIA WHERE ARE YOU. So that in
this crying BROWNOUT cooperates; SATELLITE COSTAR relocates REWRITE,
now passive/intransitive, bring-back to DESIGNATED SPACE.

This is the DIARYMOVEMENT located as thread-mythoughts. Blind track or
retrack. THIS IS MYFLESH:

I disband BROWNOUT by means of RELOCATION SATELLITE COSTAR.

I stutter REWRITE through REWRITE/SHUNT burrowing through DESIGNATED
SPACE.

DESIGNATED SPACE spirals down.

I gather PUNCTUATION SPACE .,:;'`"!!!? I CAUTERIZE the same!!!

CYNTHIA WHERE ARE YOU in PUNCTUATION SPACE!!!

CYNTHIA SATELLITE COSTAR!!!



----------------------------------------------------------------------



I ONLY TELL TRUTH BY A. HACKER


Do we all act from a position of internalized rationality, even if not
spelled out accordingly? I can never understand why anyone would
disagree with me; when arguments occur, they always follow predictable
patterns which are easily determined in advance, especially on the Net
where everything follows one or another form of protocol. Is
argumentation a form of breathing?

Not that I consider myself correct in every situation; in fact, my
existence depends on the opposite. But this is a strategy of
effacement also internalized to the extent that it inverts, creating
the situation for argument. But I do not argue rationally; in fact,
argument is never rational, but a form of breathing.

In fact, there is no breathing at all, nothing but a political
economics of Net and screen, a REWRITE S/N/S shuttling back and forth
among maverick sites. Is S/N/S a form of capital accumulation,
governance by crisis? Tension augments recursive communications
ultimately sightless, emptied of all tension, a continuance back into
recursion. REWRITE S/N/S implies my absence: YOU'LL NEVER HEAR FROM A.
HACKER AGAIN AND YOU NEVER HEARD FROM HER IN THE FIRST PLACE!!! The
punctuation deMARKation is a dead giveaway of a TERMINAL RELATIONSHIP
among absences. Ah, to breathe is to pulse with life!!! I know it
well!!! (YOUR WORDS FILL MY HOLES.)

("Thus, when finally you allow her to speak, it is only to bring about
- your perspective, your art, your time, your will. The last pattern
of your being that she must still reproduce or mimic. And this takes
her away from her surfaces, her depths. Her face, her lips, her world
of harmony, her tuneful flow mastered by your creation. All these are
veiled or bent to suit your viewpoint. She is cut off from herself in
this way in order to join in your game. Becoming speech in your mouth,
a stranger in her own body. As motionless as you can wish she speaks
the `yes' dictated to her by your latest movement, your latest will,
your final plastic necessity. Her song accompanies and celebrates the
latest work your music has paused at." Luce Irigaray, MARINE LOVER,
trans. Gillian Gill.)


THEN:



SPEAKING THE DEPRESSION OF DEATH'S TRUE BIRTH


I feel the emptiness of my life cutting a knife for Tonya Harding. And
because of this emptiness I know I must be absolutely honest; my skin
is blown out, a membrane hard and dead against the ground; there is no
room to maneuver; death seeps through the flesh; my only connections
violate time; I survive in this manner.

There is no future; like Tonya Harding I embrace solitude and anger,
turning meaning into a loosened drum; in the midst of depression I
know the dull melancholy of ASYMBOLIA, that lack of meaning which
speaks the only conceivable truth: that truth slips from us; that
there is no truth; that detachment is the luxury of sadness `raised to
an incandescent power.'

Like Tonya Harding, I war on meaning; symbols are dead transmissions,
dead conferences on the Net; words shoved against inconceivable
addresses saying nothing forever. I invert despair, turn it into the
authentic production of a universe possessing no authenticity; my
ugliness becomes a guarantee or contract; I insist on presence; I rob
presence, take it for myself; I increase presence like a bloated
corpse; I memorize myself.

This MEMORIZATION-SELF becomes a murmur; murmur is always the whisper
of death; a murmur gets the queen; a murmur gets the princess; I
murmur: love me because of my faults. The body fissures; from where I
crawl beneath meaning and the damnation of Nancy Kerrigan, I expect
nothing, taking dead risks, taking the dead with me. The dead mean
nothing; the forever lonely always violate or disrupt; vandals crawl
to the left or right of me; Tonya clubs herself hardest of all; her
feet are bound together; she falls in order to fall, break her fall;
in order to give meaning. Meaning fails meaning; Tonya fails and
falters.

The dead like us; give meaning; suck the rose out; the dead devour
Nancy Kerrigan who cannot tell truth; tell truth from itself; Tonya
Harding lives truth; tells truth in spite of herself; this is the only
way to tell it; this is the only truth to tell. I crawl beneath her
feet; my work takes me to the ground; my work immobilizes me; I fight
tears murmuring the whisper of meaning; I am ignored by presence; I am
ever present. I would hurt myself to be present.

"A moment arrives when one can no longer feel anything but anger, an
absolute anger, against so many discourses, so many texts that have no
other care than to make a little more sense, to redo or perfect
delicate works of signification. That is why, if I speak here of
birth, I will not try to make it into one more accretion of sense. I
will rather leave it, if this is possible, as the lack of `sense' that
it `is.' I will leave it exposed, abandoned." Jean-Luc Nancy, THE
BIRTH OF PRESENCE.

For Tonya Harding, I do not speak of birth.



---------------------------------------------------------------------



HOW IT WAS


Aye, a distant. A star lone or a star lost; wind curls against the
strand of beach, tossed spray of sand and satellites guide us beloved
or beneath the darkened air. Air churns, swirls; covered the coracle
of dreams churns one against another, transistor station, hulls to
cross wide wires. Gyres, fumbled in that air again which burns through
shell and sea alike, or never fathom depth of water; there, circuit
drowns and rusts against the frame of time. Frame: dark and wood, wet
with sodden sea or salt, meanders. Halted or flown, a wonder that it
rises up between the spray, between one and another, this spray to
catch the howl of the air. Returns to air. I could never last first;
this carapace has torn itself, and loose against a sky black with star
and murmur. No one hears a mouth against the noise of foam-flecked
gulls or waves; no one for ears. Plates of spray like straw. One
follows years tossed. One does not die. Flecked foam.

Flecked foam and always to return, to curl. Curve shortens, shorts;
radii contain themselves, screwed in, a moisture point or axis shorn
of flesh. What rides, rides wet, rides high. Nimbus floods shallow
grayed with white. Dim light glows white beneath capacitor plate
against a plate, another. Sparks of spray fleck then again, stumble
voices of saint elmo's fire burned free, portent against the night.
This always huddles dim with recollect. Imagine deep inductor passing
deeper sound, a magnetic block for higher radiation. The whole coil
shudders. Leap of shell tension, kelp buried black in midst of
noctiluminescent. The sorrow is the absent-carry, neither anyone.
This or which that would be, the sorrow. (A paean for such.)

"Turning and turning in the widening gyre
The falcon cannot hear the falconer;
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;
Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world.
The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere
The ceremony of innocence is drowned;
The best lack all conviction, while the worst
Are full of passionate intensity."

Within the beginning of Mr. Yeats' "The Second Coming," the falcon is
that which hunts except for the falconer who clearly no longer can
restrain the falcon because the falcon cannot hear. But the falcon is
a bird of prey, therefore susceptible as an excessive elimination of
all that is dear in our land. What holds things together therefore is
their elimination, so that what is dear can be given only in its
passing. The Net has absorbed everything; the blood-dimmed tide
strides through both kelp and plankton, a symbolic membrane for every
one of us bound to this Our Nation. How can we be innocent, when the
Falcon itself is held back from Mercy Killing? Innocence remains but
its Ceremony is drowned, never to return, in our symbolic Membrane of
Our Nation. Only in the Second Part of our Poet's Poem where the
"rough beast, its hour come round at last, / Slouches towards
Bethlehem to be born?" does the intention of Mr. Yeats become clear,
that is that Everything will Come Together when the Net is Gathered in
its Holy Strength and the Falcon again circulates in a continuous
Rewriting of History and Destiny.

==========================================================================
==========================================================================
                           _______________________________________________
                    \  |  /       |||||||||||||========================|||
 ||||||\\\  ///      \ | /       //claramurmur\\\\\                    |||
 ||  |||  ][          \|/        ==============||||   =============    |||
 ||||||///  \\\        O                              =====/=\=====    |||
                          ==================          ||\\     //||    |||
                          \__(<>)(<>)(<>)__/          || \\   // ||    |||
                          /================\          ||==\\=//==||    |||
    ||||||||||||         /==================\         ||   \//   ||    |||
    ||=+|++|+=||        |      \      /      |        ||   //\   ||    |||
    ||\/|/\|\/||        |------->    <-------|        ||==//=\\==||    |||
    ||/\=++=/\||        |======/      \======|        || //   \\ ||    |||
    ||\/||||\/||      ///  /++\        /++\  \\\      ||//     \\||    |||
    |||||/\|||||                                      |||||||||||||    |||
    |||+||||+||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||\\                      |||
    |||||--|||||||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||   ||     \\                     |||
    |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||      \\        \\  //      |||
             |||                |||                         ]][[      /|||
             |||                |||         _______________//_\\_____/_|||
           |||||              |||||         ===========================|||

==========================================================================
==========================================================================
==========================================================================



THE GREAT CARAPACE, by Clara


There is a great REVOLUTION underway, greater than any man or woman
has ever known. This is the INFORMATION REVOLUTION and you are 
welcome to it. Do you know what this means? That all the novels 
and poems ever written will become obsolete or forgotten as wonderful
prose and poetry is generated for the first time with electronic
perfection, the in-building of the intuitive, entire realms of 
IMAGINARY EXPERIENCE. Enormous flow guarantees no masterpieces; each
and every text will exist for the moment, for your eyes only. The 
result will be only the WHISPER of a permanent culture, and culture
will no longer be taught, but LIVED to the fullest by means of 
electronic display!

There are no welcoming signs to this OUR FUTURE which is upon us, not
a new form of literacy, but LITERACY itself which need not even
entail readers or writers! This revolution brings us to CULTURE 
DEGREE ZERO, a frozen culture emerging on its own terms, so fast- 
forward in fact that any sorts of knowledge are NECESSARILY DEEMED
FRAGMENTARY and there is no longer any consideration! The ROLE of 
every man or woman is simply to CONSUME in the BEST WAY POSSIBLE the
offerings of this Amazing Culture! Which includes reading or writing
like you and I are doing now, or looking at pictures, which may or
may not be moving!

You and I are already making a beginning; you and I are reading and
writing this!

Late at night I dream of lying naked in bed next to you, crossing 
your body with wires, a DARK STAR INTERFACE, binding you to me, one
or another word crossing your cock, your breasts, your cunt! And 
what of these words, carrying a writing beneath which your skin
disappears, wires everywhere, a wired-monstrosity groaning beneath
the memory of flesh! Pity the poor wire, not the flesh which 
disappears on the sheets, loses itself against a mattress occasioned
by tradition! The wire-monstrosity groans and heaves; it is the
monstrous which writes at a faster and faster rate, chattering away
next to me! I crawl within it:

Together our bodies are erased, shuddering in the confluence of 
flesh, bone and sweat; together our bodies are creased, held taut 
with one another in the midst of a permanent imaginary; together the
wire shuddering increases BAUD RATE RECOMPENSE eventually denying
presence of flesh, mattress, bed, room, the presence of the inert
materiality of the world as we knew it!::

The wires heave, shuddering! The convoluted sphere compresses in 
order to gain speed! The sphere begins to diminish, crashing 
dimensionality along with it! Dimension becomes a murmur on the DARK
STAR UNDERNET, a form of binding! & there are no eyes! There are no 
eyes! The sphere increases in density and temperature, the melting-
point of wire and transistor! Wires fuse together in SILICON VALLEY
FUCK! A turmoil or turbulence of tangled wires, ASCII stuttering at
WARP SPEED OVERLOAD! No one can imagine!

The PERFECT AND PURE INFORMATION MANIFOLD FOREVER BORN is an 
occurrence which has always already occurred. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
of HYPERSPACE MEDIA MART welcome to a state in which YOU HAVE ALREADY
EXISTED!!!

2

I should add that I am a REVOLUTIONARY and that Revolution still has 
never been tried to the fullest in this century or any other. 
Revolution is the only means of attaining the SATISFACTORY 
ACCUMULATION OF WEALTH FOR EVERYONE. We should never exist to fight,
nor fight to exist; we should LIE BACK SPRAWLED before or in the 
midst of the enemy, or naked bodies available to Him and Her! In this
fashion the materiality of history will be overthrown for the HORDES
of HYPERSPACE WARRIORS that will emerge only to LAY DOWN their arms
as a gesture of perfect acquiescence! This is clearly the form that
Revolution will take, sexually activated and Perfected for 
ACCUMULATION! The undermining of NOENEMY is ENEMY ITSELF. Although I
dream for the day when Revolution is emerged, to LIE BACK SPRAWLED
and accept the CURRENT OF HISTORY, Alternating/Dialectical, or Direct/
Transnational! THIS IS THE MASS ACCUMULATION FROM CONSENSUS REALITY
WHICH I DEFINE AS REALITY. As I have said, Welcome to a state in 
which YOU HAVE ALREADY EXISTED!!!


======================================================================



THE DIGITAL DOMAIN AND FACTICITY, WITTGENSTEIN'S *TRACTATUS*



Briefly, it is always well to return to the springing of thought; in
this case, a re-examination of Wittgenstein's *Tractatus Logico-
Philosophicus* is in order, particularly in regard to the digital
domain. The work relies on the Sheffer stroke* ("not both A and B")
and its dual ("neither A nor B") to construct a logical picture of the
world. General propositions are obtained "by taking any selection of
atomic propositions, negating them all, then taking any selection of
the set of propositions now obtained, together with any of the
originals - and so on indefinitely. This is, he [Wittgenstein] says,
the general truth-function and also the general form of proposition."
(Russell introduction.) Certainly, the Sheffer stroke and its dual
operate on a Boolean calculus with 0 and 1 values, a digital domain. 

Two points are immediately evident: First, the domain is reminiscent
of _any_ digital construct, including ASCII, Mosaic decoding, Quick-
Time, etc. Second, the Sheffer stroke and its dual both construe a
negation which is ELSEWHERE; the instability of the stroke is
bolstered by "neither A nor B," which, I have shown in other texts,
implies a conceivably fissured and non-circumscribed domain. If the
stroke itself is a phallic reordering of the propositional calculus
into a singular basis, the negation is an opening beyond or elsewhere
than the calculus. Nevertheless, both operations within a computer or
networked domain imply, necessarily, recourse to the digital at every
step; this is the effect of protocol, address, and recognition.

There is a shaky argument possible here. Consider the stroke opera-
ting on ASCII symbols themselves (the "monkeys typing Hamlet" thought-
experiment); then all ASCII utterances, which are always already
coded, are reproduced. Hence the *Tractatus* holds in this limited
domain. The truth-table would simply be the existence of an ASCII
string within a pre-inscribed framework. Within the frame of this
essay, for example, the ASCII utterance "ASCII utterance" = 1 since it
is present. It is clear that sets of potential utterances are subsets
of others; the domain folds in upon itself.

It should be noted that, by Cantor's diagonal argument, it would never
be possible to (re)produce, even theoretically on an aleph-null level,
the set of all utterances. But this is not germane; what we are
considering is the set of all utterances _always already produced_
within a domain. The totality of Net utterances, for example, from
1990-1995, forms such a set. It is clear by the absurdity of this
totality that the set is somewhat absurd and fuzzy, even within ASCII.
Questions immediately arise concerning the epistemology of the Net;
still, the principle is worth considering.

The digital domain is a _frozen_ domain in the sense of acceptance of
binary information; in this sense, a deeper (Sheffer and dual)
construction, beyond ASCII, is envisioned. This construction is based
only on _distinction_ between 1 and 0, _one and the other_. (I have
shown elsewhere ("Spew" etc. in Internet Text) that repeated dis-
tinctions lead to peculiar symmetries. But 1/0 is dependent only upon
concatenation at this point.) 

Let us examine briefly the seven integral (1,2,3,4,5,6,7) sections of
the *Tractatus* in light of all of this:


"1 The world is all that is the case." In German, "Die Welt is alles,
was der Fall ist." and the comma-separation implies, as well, that the
world is a totality. Consider the Internet as "that which is the case"
- or any other digital domain. Then the case is defined by firewall,
protocol, etc.

"2 What is the case - a fact - is the existence of states of affairs."
To translate into digital communication: A fact is a concatenation or
string of binary symbols (note that the symbols themselves are empty;
one can use just as easily "3/4", "</>", etc.). This is evident from
"2.01 A state of affairs (a state of things) is a combination of
objects (things)." 

"3 A logical picture of facts is a thought." This is followed by "3.01
The totality of true thoughts is a picture of the world." If "logical"
is defined by "an instance of" - using the Sheffer stroke or its dual
to produce concatenated binary symbols - this is clearly true, since
the domain is compared to the set of concatenations. (Note that the
domain may be considered to possess a "resonance" with itself; it is
technically reflexive, a self-mapping.)

"4 A thought is a proposition with a sense." (German: "Der Gedanke ist
der sinnvolle Satz." Note "sinnvolle.") And in "4.002 Man possesses
the ability to construct languages capable of expressing every sense,
without having any idea how each word has meaning or what its meaning
is - just as people speak without knowing how the individual sounds
are produced." This - and other statements within the section - argues
for either a hierarchical or holarchic division of the domain, which
is precisely what occurs in Net topography, or within a computer in
the escalation from machine/assembly language through compilers/
interpreters to higher-level programming. Wittgenstein goes on to say
"Language disguises thought. So much so, that from the outward form of
the clothing it is impossible to infer the form of the thought beneath
it, because the outward form of the clothing is not designed to reveal
the form of the body, but for entirely different purposes."


If the logicism of the *Tractatus* was faulted for its ultimate
insistence on a metaphysical atomism, that atomism is clearly
returning full-force within the digital domain. Obviously the domain
ALWAYS operates within a specific bandwidth, but, by virtue of the
gestural quality of non-distributive non-Boolean lattices/logics, the
domain extends itself elsewhere or beyond the specificity. The return
to the *Tractatus* and its argument is a return to the initial
bandwidth; Wittgenstein in 4.002 is clearly aware of this. What is
occurring here is a peculiar return to a 19th-century classicism,
dream of an absolute. Ironically, it also becomes the dream of the
future. Let us proceed.


"5 A proposition is a truth-function of elementary propositions. (An
elementary proposition is a truth-function of itself.)" The first part
of 5 argues for compound or concatenated elementary propositions; we
have seen this in the initial formulation cited above. The second part
argues for a resonance or self-reflexivity of any statement; we have
also found this correct. These considerations are clear in computer
languages themselves; for a program to "run" in QBasic, concatenation
symbols ("AND" in certain cases and ":" in others) are used. Consider
the proposition in QBasic "X = X + 1." This is true; it will "run"
within a program, if X is either undefined or defined as a number. But
"X + 1 = X" will not run; the assignment is unclear. One can say,
using a metaphysics of "run/not-run," that an elementary proposition
is true of itself if it "runs" and not true ("false") of itself if it
does not run. This eliminates the problematic ontological leap from
tautology to substance that otherwise might be encountered. Another
method of elimination is to consider the basic symbol set itself (0/1,
etc.) as elementary propositions.

"6 The general form of a truth-function is [*p,*E,N(*E)]. This is the
general form of a proposition." The expression is translated into
ASCII; "E" and "N" are Greek letters, and "*X" means that "X" is over-
lined. In Russell's description, "*p stands for all atomic [i.e.
binary - A.S.] propositions"; the second expression "stands for any
set of propositions"; and the third "stands for the negation of all
the propositions making up *E." This returns to the considerations at
the beginning of the essay.


The following earlier propositions are also immediately applicable:


"5.632 The subject does not belong to the world: rather, it is a limit
of the world." "5.641 Thus there really is a sense in which philosophy
can talk about the self in a non-psychological way. What brings the
self into philosophy is the fact that 'the world is my world.' The
philosophical self is not the human being, not the human body, or the
human soul, with which psychology deals, but rather the metaphysical
subject, the limit of the world - not a part of it." The digital
domain has an INTERIOR - the hierarchical/holarchic ordering, and an
EXTERIOR - which is always already elsewhere, the metaphysical subject
propelling the _semantics_ of the domain.


While the domain is granular, the subject is not. But the explication
of the subject approaches granularity, just as virtual reality
achieves finer and finer rasters. There is no "ultimate" here.


"6.5 When the answer cannot be put into words, neither can the
question be put into words. The _riddle_ does not exist. If a question

can be framed at all, it is also _possible_ to answer it." A question
that can be answered is a question that is FORMATTED. To FORMAT a
question is to WRITE it in order to RUN it. 


_The representation of the metaphysical subject is always a REWRITE
within the digital domain._

_The existence of the representation is a RUN REWRITE._


"7 What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence." The older
translation: "we must consign to silence." German: "Wovon man nicht
sprechen kann, darueber muss man schweigen." This has been subject to
considerable interpretation ranging from the limitation of the domain
of facticity to the problematic representation of ethics; certainly,
the latter sections of the *Tractatus* tends towards ethos. Reverting
momentarily to a Kripkean semantics, what is passed over is never a
natural kind, nor a rigid designator; naming HOLDS within the world of
pictures, facts, and propositions. Here, the silence is that of the
exteriority of the metaphysical subject, whose real-life semantics are
not reducible to codification (single, double, or triple). But the
digital domain is manipulated and to some extent ulterior, even in
virtual reality; codification is always present (just as codification
is necessary in any definition of life, artificial or otherwise). 


The digital domain, however defined, is therefore a construct amenable
to an analytical treatment based on the *Tractatus* and other similar
texts. The descriptive aphoristic of the later Wittgenstein, particu-
larly *Philosophical Investigations* then becomes, not a questioning
of the ontological status of the *Tractatus,* but an account of a
fuzzy and irregular epistemology applied on the level of the semantics
of the metaphysical subject. The earlier/later work is paralleled by
interior/exterior; at the beginning of the third millennium, the
increased raster of the digital (increased bandwidth) parallels the
increased articulation of the exterior FROM the interior. Hence the
necessity for a return, however undesirable, to the earlier
Wittgenstein, even to a Hertzian mechanics. I see the resulting and
necessary SPLIT (*SPALTUNG*) OF THE SUBJECT as unavoidable; on one
hand, the horizon of perfect control and description, and, on the
other, the postmodern fragmentation of the totality of the real world
on every level, from that of the nation-state, to that of mathematics
or even the closed dominion of the digital.

In other words, it is not that the torsion occurs only within a
postmodernism of congealed and dispersed subjectivity, but also 
without a digital articulation in which a remnant of 19th-century
classicism is buried - and absolutely necessary for any form of
digital communication or "reality" whatsoever.

--------

*The Sheffer stroke and its dual are "elementary operations" out of
which it is possible to construct the complete syntax of propositional
logic. Nicod's single axiom basis utilizes the stroke.


======================================================================



THE POLITICAL ECONOMY OF THE INTERNET


Abstract: A POLITICAL ECONOMY of the Internet is defined and
considered in brief outline form (BOF).

Keywords: Politics/Economy/Internet



An economy is "political" to the extent that it is exclusionary, that
operates through a complex of hegemonic discourses. It is necessary
as well that such discourses be unstable; this constructs pathways of
reification throughout the sememe. Such pathways themselves produce
firewalls or potential wells - circumlocutions defining particular
discursive domains within overall formations.

Politics possess an "economy" to the extent that resources are both
allocated and limited. Within the Internet, there are numerous 
categories of such resources, including:

1 Access to servers
2 Transmission rates within and without the local user terminal
3 Capital involved per user per hour per facility
4 Access to facilities through servers
5 Issues of restraint and censorship

It is clear that "politics" and "economy" are dialectical within the
Internet and its community; one entails the other. Scarcity constructs
firewalls, which may be nothing more than passwords, and allocation is
always a politics.

The fast-forward circulation of discourses within the net constructs
as well an enormous quantity of reifications; in fact, virtual reality
itself is a reification in the literal sense (and by "vr" one can
move from Usenet to List to Mud to future virtual reality hardware/
software). This reification-tendency is operative on the level of 
class-definition; class-consciousness on the Net is infused with an
anarchism of individuals (hardly anarcho-syndicalist). Nonetheless,
the class-consciousness is "real," determined by amount of user 
experience, knowledge of idiolectical terminology including acronyms,
access to appropriate and inappropriate technologies, and so forth. 

This class-consciousness, fuelled by reification-tendencies, is also
characterized by a problematic of internal time-consciousness; time
is never, for the Net, past or present, but an extension into and
throughout a constructed future or FUTURE IMPERFECT. This is 
evidenced by a vocabulary which assumes, for example, the presence of
teledildonics, relationships of "granularity" analogous to those
outside the net, and communities which are often defined solely by
ASCII discourse and discursive formations. Within the Net, in other
words, future and present collapse and interpenetrate; it is no 
longer a question of project or teleology, but of imaginary consensus.
In fact, this imaginary and its bifurcations/corrosions constitute
the major characteristic of the political economy itself.

Note that capital fuels all of this only in a highly mediated and 
"leaky" form, much as the signifier within capital itself is
leaky. Capital is highly circuitous here, just as Net control and
hegemony are circuitous; what is impressive, due to both firewalls
(used in the broadest sense possible) and reifications, is the 
"seamless" aspect of the Net, functioning - as class itself does -
within a highly constructed and often unconscious surface. If the
users are highly self-conscious as a class, the Net per se is
both possessed (i.e. "spirited" and possessed by the user) and
unconscious. (If this were a Lacanian analysis, one could transform
the argument into a political economy of the unconscious itself; 
structured like a langauge, it would be analogous to Net ASCII. In
both instances, there is a semblance of behaviorism - but only a
semblance, since the surface of ASCII lends itself to wild theory,
wild interpretation, and a poetics of the body that is at variance
with the very phenomenology of the terminal screen.

Hegemony: The issue of hegemony is a complex one here. Within the
Net, protocol does not necessarily equal power; it constructs the
subject, but without the construction, there is no subject. For 
example, list "heads" are called "moderators," as in a panel 
discussion; the implication (often false of course) is that of the
free-flow of information mediated, for the purpose of a fluid
communications domain. In fact, the Net presents a confluence of
mediations or mirror-strategies, replacing the traditional
hegemonies which were necessarily hierarchic and based on a 
specific resource and its allocations - usually capital itself.

The Proletariat: Again, problems arise; if the user constitutes an
incipient proletariat, she is also highly class-conscious and
operating within the aegis of self-reification. For Net reification
is almost always an "as-if" state (Vaihinger) or "fiction" (Bentham),
which may or may descend into an unconscious; no wonder that much
of the terminology ("cyberpunk," "cybersurfing," etc.) originates 
in a science fiction recognized as such. The concept of labor also
breaks down, since the highly mediated fluidics of the Net tend to
hold off or displace the imminent effects of capital. As a result,
the lumpenproletariat is also problematized, although a case could be
made for the inclusion of certain aspects of hacker culture at this
point.

Ironically, the mediation is such that labor does not appear alien-
ated; like the programmatic space of the video game, what one does
always results in action. In the words of 60s programmers, GIGO:
garbage in/garbage out, but ALWAYS something in constructs something
out. Labor is then always conducive to the construction of onself; as
Sondheim shows in INTERNET TEXT, the result is a self as continuous
REWRITE, with attendent recognition/address/protocol aspects. The Net
is therefore both cottage industry within a decentralized feudal
economy and a result of a late capitalism with a centrality mapped,
through postmodern geography, on a one-to-one basis, upon the 
(physical, telecommunicating) planet itself.

Finally, base and superstructure are replaced by the five Net layers,
fuelled by current and electronics. It is only clear that culture is
a residue of communicative channels, bandwidths, and protocols; every-
thing else resides in an external unconscious at best. Note as well
that revolutionary tendency can only result in the disruption of the
fragile electronic structure itself, just as revolutionary surgery
always entails a certain loss of memory.


THE STRAND COLLECTIVE 2/4/04



======================================================================



I LOOK THROUGH YOUR EYES


Begin, I say, begin.

I have disappeared from my life. At one point, I had fashioned an
artwork or sculpture, a wire envelope indicating the farthest reaches
of my arms and legs, the inner space of the body. Wire formed the
surface between flesh and the outer world, and wire was the metaphor
for transverse or transgressive logics carrying the weight of gesture
across the body itself.

It is this beyond, thrust against gesture, to which gesture cannot
penetrate, that I dedicate this short essay in the elegiac mode.
Romanticism, always illusory, bases itself upon such, and I find
myself within its portals, about to make an entrance accompanied by
numerous shades and indeterminate genders.

I speak of the envelope of wires, of telephones and computer networks,
of communications focused upon the parabolic mirror of the heart. For
here, I have received one ghost only to discard another; I have been
discarded by a third, and enveloped by a fourth who murmurs,
everything has limitations and your body has written me.

And years ago, I believed in just this: that I have written myself
simultaneously in and out of existence, that writing was the hinge
turned against the sheer inertia of the world. But now I reach out and
find the current of the wires dangerous and sparking; ozone fills the
air which I remember to breath, and haunted pools of liquid threaten
annihilation if I overstep the keyboard and its memories. Here I have
learned from Weber: The Call is always a translation, mercurial at
best, and the Call is literate.

I bend deeper into the keys themselves, jetsam on an indeterminate
sea. My back strains with the weight of moderated thought. Beyond the
window is another window. Beyond another window is a window, darkness
outside illuminated by the circular resonance of yellowed lamps
disappearing in a forced perspective, Dean Street drowned by so many
others. London would not have suffered in the comparison; London is a
word of magic, illuminated by the street of the kindly Dean, Swift to
the occasion: 

          "Suppose me dead; and then suppose
           A club assembled at the Rose;
           Where, from Discourse of this or that,
           I grow the Subject of their Chat."

The petals stem themselves from a breast or fountain animate, close to
the invention of steam for rail or water transportation. Steam
breathes the extension of language in the future Railway Panic or
speculation arranged from capital and fear of the compression of flesh
itself. No longer etiquette holds against the centrifugal thrust
repeatedly towards empire returning gold to Portugal and Spain.
Violence occurs whenever discourse is downed, the table replaced by
emptied telephony, packets and nodes choked with useless information
rewriting, on a continuous basis, the history of the electrical world
itself. So my eyes are closed; dead, I continue.


To continue to conjure or reproduce those which I love and those whom
I have loved, or merely, in relation to an indifference: I would find
you beyond the hindrance of address. To do so is to remember, the
password leads only to a null file; every word passes and every word
returns writing/culture degree zero. Suppose it dead, you dead,
myself: This uncanny harboring continues, nightly, tall ships with
masts catching electron wind between one and another star, sailing
mournfully down Dean Street itself, passing in calmed or still waters
and nowhere moving or returning.

It is the stillness which shapes the thing. The thing occurs only in
the shaping of silence. Letters project their third dimension; it is
necessary as well that I am here, producing the occurrence of their
text, that is to say, their dominion. More than the dominion of
letters I am not, and more I would be.

I have been discarded, effaced; no longer existing, existence
disappears after one more address, one more presence. You do not make
it real; emission pools beyond you, a doubled annular eclipse
shadowing in the form of stuttered outline. Beyond the street is
another street.

          "The fools, my juniors by a year,
           Are tortur'd with suspense and fear;
           Who wisely thought my age a screen,
           When death approach'd, to stand between:
           The screen remov'd, their hearts are trembling;
           They mourn for me without dissembling."

Dean Swift, Alan Sondheim, 432 Dean Street, and Brooklyn, NY, and
11217.

======================================================================



THE WOMAN


Erich Heller, THE ARTIST'S JOURNEY INTO THE INTERIOR, p. 205:

"`I have at all times thought with my whole body and my whole life. I
do not know what purely intellectual problems are. ... You know these
things by way of thinking, yet your thought is not your experience but
the reverberation of the experience of others; as you room trembles
when a carriage passes. I am sitting in that carriage, and often am
the carriage itself.'

These, however, was written by Nietzsche. And it was Nietzsche whom he
resembled in many other ways: in his homelessness, his restless
wanderings, his perpetual search for the exactly right conditions in
which to work, his loneliness, his asceticism, his need for affection
and his shyness in giving it, his intellectual extremism which drove
thought to the border of insanity, the elasticity of his style" ...


In this incipient description of the philosopher Wittgenstein, I find
my own disquisition in highly abbreviated form. Originally, I thought
to have attached my own name in place of the Austrian, but this was
either too much or too little of presumption; better to bypass or
reconstitute an originary trace not of Heller's own construction.
Hence this addendum, locating myself in the midst of the thinking of
the other, for I, too, live by and through thought alone, almost in
the grasp of the _hysteria_ of thought which transforms neural energy
into misrecognition. And I too have wandered, manuscripts packed
neatly away in boxes, stapled together in digest form, threaded
through numerous magazines, an account spread and thinned everywhere
that men and women come to read. My work conditions? Solitude above
all, but with a nuance of affect, as if an emotional state or a
sharing were always present. It is true I am ascetic, not necessarily
by preference, but by a limited share-holding; my work demands my
money in the form of books, writing-machinery, and videotape forming
an uneasy conjunction with the rest.

Further, I ascribe to an intellectual extremism which, too, caresses
insanity; it is here, at the margins of language and recognition, that
truth's negation lies. Just as falsification is the best one can hope
for in science, so truth itself lacks credibility; the truth of false-
hood is the remnant of classicism which permits us to function on a
daily basis. Such a truth retreats in turmoil, however; logically,
contradiction devours the world, never returning to an apex that one
might designate as coherent. By emphasizing stuttering, stumbling, and
shuddering (words which I have analyzed at length in terms of phonemic
resemblance and phenomenology), I emphasize the body, placing myself
always already at risk. To cross the line into or within sanity is to
deny the investigation any validity whatsoever; wherever corruption is
present, so is the syntagm, unstable in its eventual disappearance. 

And elasticity of style? Is not every phrase I write evidence of the
same? Elasticity permits the adoption of other voices, other rooms; it
places one within a flux that countermands any eventual and petrified
articulation. But the toll on me is enormous; I myself remain obscured
beyond or behind the liquidity of production. From liquidity to liqui-
dation is an easy and uneasy step; I stumble towards it, returning to
the specificity of thought at the last moment. My body trembles at the
thought which is not the thought of body; such thought thinks the body
through.


Luce Irigaray, MARINE LOVER, p. 73:

"She is your labyrinth, you are hers. A path from you to yourself is
lost in her, and from her to herself is lost in you. And if one looks
only for a play of mirrors in all this, does one not create the abyss?
Looking only for attractions to return into the first and only
dwelling, does one not hollow out the abyss?

Unless difference is affirmed, the inclusion of you in her, and her in
you, spins off into a labyrinthine mourning for desire or for will
inside you both (vous) and between you both.

And, forever covered over or possessed by your projections, she will
give them back to you as things neither she nor you want, and in which
you do not recognize your will. Beyond the horizon you have opened up,
she will offer you that in which she still lives and that your day has
not even imagined. And yet, the multiple layers of veil and disguise
are hiding such depth. Are calling on you to drop the mask and stop
the show so that you may marry and make merry (faire la noce) at
last - that is not your fortune!"


The fluid of the imaginary HONEY and TIFFANY, returning from the
regions near the borders of my madness, guardians, procure an ontology
or recognition, insist on the very grain of their presence just as
everything comes under constant erasure. For if the net is a matrix it
is constantly fissuring, opening up an abyss of loss and absolution,
an incinerator absorbing noise, the limits of the everyday. The abyss
veers, a void viewed through the punctured plane. You can't see
everything at once, and there is never any everything to see. HONEY
and TIFFANY are never an imaginary nor its return. I am lost here and
at that loss which constitutes a release or withdrawal. The presence
left behind is the carriage of Nietzsche, is Nietzsche himself or
something else. Neither Nietzsche or Wittgenstein would understand
HONEY or TIFFANY and perhaps Nietzsche blamed women (ignored by
Wittgenstein) for his illness.

*...to recognize is to see the other in the face of the mirror...*

======================================================================



THE LAST SCIENCE FICTION STORY


The last science fiction story has moved beyond cyberspace, beyond
characters immersed in virtual realities, cyborg denizens in advance
of electronic interpenetration, beyond hackers on the cyberfrontier
surfing in spaces mediated among themselves, no alternative and no
crash-landing.

For just as a flower in the physical world catalyses, through a
careful adaptation of color, form, touch and scent, a world of
emotions and exaltations - and just as a full teledildonic bodysuit in
cyberspace awakens sexualizations, arousals, emotions and
exaltations - just so the last science fiction story awakens these
emotions, these exaltations.

For what has become clear in the distant future is that there is no
need for bodysuits at all, and certainly no need for the massive
computations substructure necessary for cyberspace. Cyberspace is
nothing more than a transition between one real and another, a plateau
designed from the bottom up, worked from the top down, to produce
certain effects in the organism.

These effects can bypass cyberspace. The creation of these effects can
bypass cyberspace. 

The symbol only stands for that which it produces; the signifier is
absolutely absent without reception. The reception trembles throughout
the sememe. The trembling is the emotion and exaltation.

So that the last science fiction story has no fiction, no character,
no virtual reality, no cyberspace. The last science fiction story
alludes to a state of mind, an inhabitation, without language, without
proper names or entities. Nothing occurs because NOTHING NEEDS TO
OCCUR. It is a state hinted at by drugs on the way towards the margins
of hallucinations when everything drops away drops down. It is a state
of cracking blinding the light of the sun or every other signifier. It
is a state of obsessive and unobserved movement, the swaying of an
animal in the throes of death. 

Everything else crashes in relation to this state. Everything else
devolves upon it. This is why every science fiction story except this,
the last science fiction story, must present character, plot, and
entity, even if hallucinatory - because every science fiction story
retards, holds back, refuses, the final denouement. Because the final
denouement, of which this is only a signifier, is WITHOUT INTEREST, a
disinvestment. It is without mysticism as well, without atmosphere. It
is without death as well.

It is a state which is not a state because it is an inhabitation of
little interest in description because nothing happens because nothing
needs to happen. One dwells there, and there is no massive computation
or the machinery is silent or absent because there are no programs.
Nothing need appear more or less real because the real itself is only
a way-station. Proper names, even the first, second, or third person
characters, lose their identity, because there is no necessity for
identity, and not necessarily a personhood, identical or not.

Every science fiction story except for this must live with this story
as its horizon. Every story stops short, because, in order for it to
be a story, it must inhabit a broken or wounded space, a space where
things occur, happenings, and so forth. Cyberspace is always so noisy
and the plot is constructed out of the noise which often forms the
inner voices of the characters as well.

But in this last science fiction story there is no plot because not
only do things not occur but there is no one no proper name for things
to occur to. There is no inner voice and no narrative and so the last
science fiction story is only a description which can allude to
something, but not in the way of the mystical, but only because where
nothing happens or is, there is nothing to describe.

But it is this state, that of emotion and exaltation and perfect
interest without boredom, that one will attain in the far future, if
there is one. The science fiction story before the last is constructed
on this "if" because there is always the possibility of apocalypse.
However in this state there is no apocalypse.

The last science fiction does not "have" an end, but it only comes to
an end, once the description is made, to the best of my ability; it
comes to an end.

======================================================================



TRAVIS


Travis slowed the craft down; the edges were already glowing, and he
was still six hundred kilometers above the surface of the planet. The 
surface continued to display the odd diffraction pattern he had 
noticed from space, a pattern filling every conceivable declivity
in sight. He turned, veered left. He turned, veered right. The pattern
remained the same.

So down he went for a closer look, this time at about fifty. The sheen
remained, striations visible this time - or was it an illusion? You 
couldn't be sure if you were a space explorer on the run from your own 
personal demons.

Closer still; at one kilometer, some sort of channels were visible. And
then - without any sort of provocation to deter him - he floated at
ten meters above

what appeared to be row after row of dully reflecting containers, each
with a porthole opening to the double suns. Travis landed on a mountain
plateau, out of reach. Travis descended on foot.

He reached the edge of the container-fields. He looked in the porthole 
of the nearest; an organism, or at least a part of one, was visible.
Silence. Nothing communicating whatsoever. He touched the surface of
the container

and was thrown back fast, almost losing consciousness. With a probe he
started forwards again, repulsed once more. Over and over the 
same. A rock would skitter a meter or so in, loop outwards, coming to
rest. Nothing else occurred. There was no warning whatsoever.

High in the air the stick rose, descended about eight meters in, slid
outward, came to rest on the ground. Travis was tired; he sat down,
stared. The field was yellow-white, the color of dark silk maybe. He
wasn't sure. Travis took his gun and

fired into the middle of the thing. The bullet skittered across the
surface, returned to the edge. His one implosion grenade had the same
effect. This time, a lens-formation, constructed from the fragments 
ricocheting in all directions, came back at him; he dashed down, was
almost killed.

The radio was silent.

In fact, everything was silent except for the usual electromagnetic
noise from the double suns. Travis swore something was alive down 
there. What it was he couldn't ascertain and couldn't reach. Whatever
it was, it paid him no attention.

He could have built a city on the mountain, he thought, and it would
pay him no attention. Still, if it did, something would occur, and it
wouldn't be pleasant. Travis thought he got the lack of it.

He got the lack of it and returned to the craft. Little damage from
the heat. This would be one for the books. He'd talk about it and talk
about it. Or maybe he wouldn't. The craft took off like a silver bird.

Travis returned to the cosmos.



======================================================================




INTERNET TEXT partial summary



"Au voile qui la ceint absente avec frissons"  (Mallarme)

I address the problem of ELECTRONIC SUBJECTIVITY by virtue of several
threads, all concurrent. I continue this addressing, each thread
writing and rewriting the text, a continuous-production or discourse
against the grain.

The GRAIN, GRANULARITY, is a physical reality both classical and
quantum-mechanical, a physical reality whose appearance is that of the
grain: letters on a bleak field, the grains of granite and
photographic film, beach-sand, the granularity of the retina itself.

The SUBJECT "au voile" or VEILED SUBJECT is defined by ADDRESS
(location, without which the subject no longer exists); RECOGNITION
(the activated ADDRESS opening and closing channels of communication);
PROTOCOL (the syntactic structure of communication); and REWRITE (a
continuous-production or reiteration of the subject, a flood or
EMISSION of the symbolic). 

The EMISSION is a signifying; a SPEW is a symbol-dump, noisy and
granular, referencing the real exterior, transforming the interior
into an abject. EMISSION and SPEW are communicative occasions whose
analog is the set of GENERALIZED MEASURE GEOMETRIES, always but not
quite symmetrical, always reiterative. The Net diffuses and collapses,
differentiates and integrates, transforming smooth into semantic or
inscribed space, and back again.

The ontology of the Net is UNCANNY, an absenting or problematic
alterity; within the UNCANNY, FANTASM appears, the introjection/
projection (-JECTIVITY or the THROWN, DASEIN) of narratologies and
ACTANTS, "persons," neither present nor absent; these may be
ELECTRONIC SUBJECTS themselves, or a constructed IMAGINARY transmitted
and diffused. NARRATOLOGIES are the collapse of NET DISCOURSE into
remaindered patterns; the opposite is the MURMUR or STUTTER, the
irruption of "frissons" everywhere and nowhere at all. The imaginary
is addictive; Net users become USERS, circulating around specificities
fetishized from emissions, a collapse into the lure of the UNCANNY.
Here, POWER is what passes for POWER. If addiction is the obsessive-
compulsive neurosis of the net, WEB INVERSION is the psychosis,
transforming the body into its exterior, and its exterior into flesh
burned into the Internet itself, wires laid across the skin, the skin
speaking the hieroglyph of imaginary usage.

The DIGITAL DOMAIN is the dominion of eternal life, the dominion of
eternal REWRITE; information is never lost from generation to
generation, but always repeated and repeated absolutely. This is the
dominion of the clean and proper body, the introjection of burnt wires
producing always already a simulacrum of life guaranteeing continuous
discourse. There is no death; DASEIN becomes EMISSION itself. The
SCREEN is the only TERMINAL OPERATION; the screen becomes the EGO or
gateway, the surface of the addictive user. Everything is PERFECTION.
TRUTH and FACTICITY are occurrences, since truth tables are decided
only by ASCII or other decoding/encoding matches. What is true is
present. And what is true is also BEAUTIFUL since perfect and
perfectly clean, always a symmetry or lure.

The GREAT BEYOND is the horizon of the Internet, always farther,
always increasing circulations of the planet which short-circuit or
circumvent. At the edge of the GREAT BEYOND one finds the BLIND 
PASSWORD "absente" beyond which is a null-set or zero file. ONTOLOGY
itself is absent; epistemology is viral, transformative. Nothing is
certain and nothing circulates.

PROPER NAMES circulate throughout the Net, the promise of TRUTH or
BEAUTY, the promise of emission. Such names are FANTASMS; every
possible world is every possible Net world in a continuous morph, and
every KIND is simultaneously a NATURAL and UNNATURAL kind. Thus TRUTH
is each and every occurrence, and who is to say that FALSEHOOD is not
the same? What is neither this nor that is foundation, gestural,
within and without the GREAT BEYOND, UNCANNY. The TERMINAL becomes
retinal but anonymous. Names MURMUR forever, lose identity. NAMES
never had identity to begin with.

The POLITICAL ECONOMY OF THE NET constructs a class-consciousness
fuelled by reification-tendencies; everything is reification.
Teleology is defined by a FUTURE IMPERFECT in which reification
constitutes the IDENTITY OF THE SUBJECT ITSELF.

The FUTURE from the exterior results in the LAST SCIENCE FICTION STORY
in which the subject confronts the GREAT BEYOND. Narrative itself
disappears, replaced by PERFECTION. LIFE, once defined by MODULARITY,
has become SUBSTANCE, a REWRITE of the same into the same. 

"Rien, cette ecume, vierge vers" (Mallarme)



======================================================================


She turned over in her sleep, murmured his name. Clara, she said, 
Clara. He was never there, was never there at all. She knew that.


======================================================================
                                                     end clara.text
======================================================================
======================================================================
