

steam 
Foofwa d'Imobilite the dancer
http://www.asondheim.org/luz.mp4
thinking about his next move of arm or leg
for every arm or leg of move he must think:
shall it go this way or that
he will be full of disgust for this arm or leg this time
when it is very cold and his spirit is steam
his spirit is steam steam steam

_


Go to GOOGLE HOME!


Coming home to Google, a sudden INCREASE in hits!

Go to Google Home	  	
Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    Desktop    more
 Web 	Results 1 - 10 of about 16,800 for "Alan Sondheim". (0.33 seconds) 
455 results stored on your computer - Hide - About
	velpress.txt - VEL by Alan Sondheim Book Description: A collection 
of codework - Nov 8

Well then it went down to 10,700 where it usually meanders. It was up 
there for about ten minutes. I was so happy! I couldn't believe my luck! I 
am doing everything I can to ensure my survival! I'm suicidal! Miserable! 
This was going to push me over the edge. I finally had enough sites! I'd 
live for a few months longer. Then I'd off myself... maybe! Just about all 
the protection I need! But so vulnerable!

But here's what happened - just a bit later - you can see for yourself!

Go to Google Home	  	
Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    Desktop    more
 Web	Results 1 - 10 of about 10,700 for "Alan Sondheim". (0.36 seconds) 
455 results stored on your computer - Hide - About
	velpress.txt - VEL by Alan Sondheim Book Description: A collection 
of codework - Nov 8

It took .03 seconds longer! It wondered "what was up"! I've gone back to 
the drawing board! I need more affirmation, reassurance, backup. There's 
just not enough to go around! I'm on it! I'm in on it! Yes, when 20,000 
comes, I think that's it, I'll kill myself! Reinforcements. It will take a 
year or so to peter out, after-fuck dribble, cleanup! Right now, it's too 
risky! More, more!

THIS JUST IN!!! - Now I'm getting worried! It's about time! Stay tuned!

Go to Google Home	  	
Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    Desktop    more 
 Web 	Results 1 - 10 of about 16,800 for "Alan Sondheim". (0.58 seconds) 
455 results stored on your computer - Hide - About
	velpress.txt - VEL by Alan Sondheim Book Description: A collection 
of codework - Nov 8

Time now: Tue Nov  9 16:45:32 EST 2004! 

It's ABOUT TIME!
It's about GOOGLE HOME!


_


Books I like and reasons to read them


- This is one of my columns reviewing recent purchases, trades, arrivals, 
found books, bound and unbound books. While I'm writing it, I'm listening 
to 'embedded' reporters make their ugly one-sided reports from the troops 
in Fallujah. I broke down earlier. Our news is managed like never before, 
and for all the talking we do about it here in this space, it continues. 
We may be so useless in the world, which is beyond anything but the most 
brutal seizures of power, the most brutal tortures and slaughter.

The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, translated and edited by Garmonsway. This is 
the standard old Everyman's Library edition. The Chronicle - like the 
Russian Primary Chronicle - should be read widely. It's part and parcel of 
anglo-European root. The chronicle is actually a group of chronicles which 
go through the Norman Conquest. Required reading for a lot of us.

Spy Planes and Electronic Warfare Aircraft, Bill Gunston, Arco 1983. I 
found this recently and love it. It's about seeing instead of killing, 
although sight itself is a grasp/rapture/raptor. Although outdated, it has 
the Lockheed SR-71 in it, a work of art which I saw in real life in Omaha. 
I like to think of these planes monitoring forest fires, clear-cutting, 
and other environmental travesties, instead of fast-forward monitoring of 
'insurgents.' Almost none of them have weaponry. I dream of the whole 
tribe of them watching each other soundlessly in the skies, leaving the 
rest of us alone.

PDF Hacks, 100 Industrial-Strength Tips & Tools, Sid Steward, O'Reilly. 
Personally I am irritated by PDF, finding it clunky, almost useless within 
browsers, long-loading, difficult to manipulate and at times even to 
download. This book does tell you how to work it more flexibly, from both 
creator and consumer viewpoints. I highly recommend this to academics and 
anyone (myself included) who has to work with the format.

Operation 'Phantom Fury' continues unabated on the television. 'Coalition 
forces are now moving' into Fallujah against those 'who want to stop 
democracy.' An obscenity.

The book includes sections on speeding up Acrobat's startup, copying data 
from PDF pages, managing a group of PDFs, authoring and self-publishing 
PDFs, and, among other things, "dynamic PDF" which is fairly interesting.

For myself, I'd like to see a spy-plane Acrobat that opens instantly, a 
browser in which files melt and can be infinitely molded, almost html...

Fundamentalism, The Search for Meaning, Malise Ruthven, Oxford, 2004. This 
is an excellent introduction - it's only 200-plus pages - to the issue, 
which needs to be examined in great detail. I'm going to order other 
works, mainly from the Fundamentalism Project - I'd also like to know more 
about the neurophysiological issues involved - Alport's The Nature of 
Prejudice years ago mentioned some studies. In any case, this book is 
excellent, focusing mainly on Christian, Jewish, and Islamic movements, 
discussing their relation to the book and the book's 'inerrancy.' Do check 
it out.

A Guide to Nature in Winter, Donald Stokes, Little, Brown, 1976. This is 
wonderful and useful for those of us who play amateur mycologist or 
ornithologist in the dead of winter, which isn't really dead of course, 
just quiet. This is an easy read for the United States; I assume there are 
similar guides for Europe and Canada.

All the used books by the way should be on www.abe.com at the least.

The Sexual Life of Catherine M., Catherine Millet, has just appeared in 
paperback here, with a 'new afterword.' She edits Art Press, one of the 
best art journals in the world (or at least was when I was reading it). 
The book has been written about extensively; I'm surprised I've seen so 
little reference to it on the lists I'm on. But it's brilliant, intense, 
physical/theoretical, producing a new form of writing and liberation that 
is more necessary than ever today.

The news is off, so there, Fallujah again buried, I'll change the channel. 
I'm trying to work safely but in the midst of slaughter that can't harm 
me, it can only exist as if otherwise, but not.

The Culture of Civil War in Kyoto, Mary Elizabeth Berry, California, 1994. 
This book was mentioned first by Philip Agre; it's an account of culture, 
not just of war, but of ludic tea ceremonies, dances, during the 15th and 
16th century 'Era of Warring States' in Kyoto. What fascinates me is the 
resonance between civility, civilian unrest, dance-form, control and 
release - all those Bataillian qualities (or Foofwa d'Imobilite for 
example) played out centuries ago. This work is useful for me in my own 
aesthetic founderings; I highly recommend it, even for those not 
particularly interested in Japanese history.

Building the Perfect PC, Robert Bruce and Barbara Fritchman Thompson, 
O'Reilly, 2004. I've seen a number of books on the subject - this one is 
going to be used, this summer - I want to construct a portable PC for 
performance, experimentation, and digital microscopy. I think this will be 
the most useful book I've seen (certainly the most useful of the O'Reilly 
volumes on the subject); the illustrations are in color, incredibly clear, 
and the book covers a number of PCs from the ground up. (I'll probably go 
for a LAN party PC which can be connected to a laptop, with enough 
performance for video projection of several screens at once.)

This surplus technology - for me it's all surplus at this point - is 
played out against an ad for a 'chimney sweeping log' that projects 
against accidental fireplace fires. They could spread through the house. 
They could be the result of a bomb; if we bomb areas that might be booby- 
trapped, we've made them safe for our American boys and girls. So few 
casualties! Back to the news.

Making the Alphabet Dance, Recreational Wordplay, Ross Eckler, St. 
Martin's, 1996. I hadn't seen this child of Oulipo and Scrabble-buzz 
before but its lists of words and linguistic processes seems unique to me 
- it ranges far afield, and includes mathematical analyses of spanning 
trees of letter transformations. The work is simultaneously rooted in the 
heuristics of English and the desire for platonic form; in fact, mappings 
onto the Platonic solids are explored. There are also examples from other 
languages, but the emphasis is on English. I've been reading this with 
intense joy - watching the bending of language to fit the form, just as 
I might use 'aas' as a word in cheating-Scrabble. Or is it?

Writings on Psychoanalysis, Freud and Lacan, by Althusser, Columbia, 1996.
What can I say? I hadn't seen this work before, I'm fascinated by it, more 
on a biographical level, or a level dealing with the discursivity of power 
and the power of discursivity, rather than the theoretical 'meat' within 
it. I can hear the wheels working. Lacan: 'Our relations are old, 
Althusser.' And so they are. Read on about the Law of Order, the Law of 
Culture, etc. This is a wonderful book and leads to a book I'm hardly 
qualified to review,

Synthetic Philosophy, First Principles, Herbert Spencer, my edition from 
Appleton, 1892, although the work is decades earlier. Well, he is 
associated with social darwinism, 'survival of the fittest,' and so forth. 
This work, which is the first in the series of Synthetic Philosophy, has 
been a surprise, since it seems above all to predate chaos and nonequil- 
ibrium thermodynamics theories in a fascinating way which also reads like 
phenomenology. The titles of some of the chapters will give you the idea - 
'The Persistence of Relations Among Forces,' 'The Instability of the 
Homogeneous,' 'The Multiplication of Effects,' 'Segregation,' 
'Equilibration,' 'Dissolution' - you get the idea. I'm currently working 
my way through sections of this.

Steal This File Sharing Book, What They Won't Tell You About File Sharing, 
Wallace Wang, No Starch, 2004. I just received this review copy, and hope 
to give an analysis later, but just want to say that it is amazing; this 
is a subject I know something about from the old IRC days, but not much 
more. The book gives reviews of just about everything from cracking 
e-books to 'stealing' files, pornography, etc. I think works like this 
will become more and more necessary in this country - where I now use an 
'rmm' command to wipe my panix.com account clean of suspect files after 
the fact. Ah well..

The Daily Show is coming on with Jon Stewart. I will hear more about 
Fallujah, I'm sure, with humor. We've got to mute everything, serve it up 
clean, bury the rage. It's not NYC that's burning tonight. 

I'm reading Stoker's Dracula which is brilliant and an odd Kittler-like 
demo of technology inserted into neural discourse networks; at one point 
early on, someone snaps a Kodak of what will later be a house of horror. 
As with Frankenstein, the novel is far better than what's made out of it; 
it reads as texts within texts, ideologies within ideologies. I haven't 
got to the Christian part of it yet, which I gather is a disappointment.

Southern California, Moon Handbooks, this one by Kim Weir, 2001. I don't 
review travel-books in general, but we're going to Santa Ana - I have a 
residency this summer. Even though I've lived in L.A. and Irvine, this 
book is somewhat of a wonder. The author's an environmentalist, and it 
shows; I'm learning of needed resources.

Has anyone read Plenitude 2.0, Grant McCracken? Periph.: Fluide, 1998. 
I'd love to discuss it; it's obscure, odd, wonderful, maverick, reminds me 
of The Accursed Share, but far more fun, and please read it and write 
about it.

Then there's Brian Wilson's Smile which blew me away, and was nothing like 
the reviews or documentary described - if anything they all did a 
disservice. This is somewhere between Satie and post-industrial, indie and 
Webern but really makes a Gershwin case for an Amerikan music yet unheard 
but unlike Gershwin it's original as all getout and does stuff with time 
and expectation that turns it brilliant. The docu just got it into trouble 
as far as I'm concerned.

More Fallujah, bombings, fire, fury, on the tube.

To recommend: Anything by Gillian Welch, I'm obsessed, it speaks to me in 
these dark times. I came late to it, am riding out the wave. A Human Being 
Called David Daniels is a simply amazing cdrom, director of art Regina 
Celia Pinto, http://arteonline.arq.br, which I've been looking and 
re-looking at. Julian Samuel, whose work I value greatly, sent me a cdrom, 
Save and Burn, on libraries and politics and phenomenology and... I will 
review this as well. You might write him at jjsamuel@vif.com . 

'adopting very classic guerilla tactics' - 'you don't stand around and 
take it from them' - 'you live to fight another day' - 'not people who 
wear uniforms' - 'very very easy for them to go back to their homes, back 
to their tribal compounds' - the _phone voice_ speaks, out of nowhere, 
image-over, as if we're _there_ and _now_ and it's slaughter all over 
again - again? - it hasn't stopped, won't - U.S. dogs - bow-wow-wow

I mentioned ESP-Disk is back in business - go for the Ayler - it's all 
brilliant.

another video of a US bombing spree - as usual black-and-white, from a 
distance - little white square outline surrounding a 'target' - the other 
week saw a whole family in the center of one of these -

Sabotaging Files with Cuckoo Eggs - Killing a Computer - more from Steal 
This File Sharing Book -

Far too long, the war's on, trembling, all this discourse seems both 
central and out of place. New Directions in the Philosophy of Mathematics, 
Thomas Tymoczko, from 1986, Birkhauser, wonderful collection, articles on 
the ideal mathematician, time-dependence of mathematical truth, where's my
old Brillouin book -

Alan, hoping I haven't let you down. Too many people here talking suicide.


_
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->

_
once it happened it was everywhere
that we were unprepared, incontestable
flesh-pillar that transformed differently
from other transformations in the long sleep

we had been accustomed and customary
now mathematical tensor calculates describes
the torsion of indiscernibles
so that we might not speak or be spoken for
so that we might not be spoken of

or silenced in everybody's differend
the killing is over there on the other block
our destiny
there were descriptors within which bad memory

baits peaks just beneath the surface


difference between one sort of object and another

1	ftp asondheim.org
2	ls
3	strings object1.png > aa
4	strings object2.png > bb
5	diff aa bb > cc
6	wc cc
7	pico cc
8	h

3,32c3,16

< +F J < Py C < %gX& < .g2, < '2CR% < 0D`1i0T < 1",M: < i@$6 < hV[1 < 
QtcClC < CEk < y+UZe_ < P|ZtY < oJ^-9 < L.$&G < k?7z < i.Di < Yk)* < eHs; 
< <K"i < QZb0;S < rbt# < d`l{ < .sX0 < eN_W < ?pvG,=[ < ]\/Z < V2Iz < -)m 
< *MSh

---

> Ouuu > l(bfC > q"3$ > -4 bf > ^RFz > +$S* > C`&*?$ > KpWW9 > Yki* > 
%ffY@ > 0~&8 > 'Y-k > eM_W > -Gl@@jW'

34,46c18,27

< FE\; < MbA} < Ef,9? < DUc < ~-+V < ca(h < B@(| < wx3= < Tf`g < PRNL < 
)Y}^ < ~@~'@ < 3cY,

---

> 6&jc > 5:{/ > t=PYj > 7,z.x > Xr~& > },+V > )KJh! > h<rg > (B) > 5]}_

48,110c29,126

< VH~-T < Qj'J < .~$d < n9kY < Y~Z6 < J$gt6 < mdr9 < UP5x < ("\\ < ;5O& < 
EteQer < i5}? < q>KS < nc%: < YPM+ < O,h1 < (MIS5 < ZQ[A < Lj+h < xN$T < 
',hE < fogu_ < )r\7 < O5}$ < ~0n; < fA5}_NX < YP#}/N[ < aJU5 < unq\< < 
VA;6 < .SA+ < NhCG < n|zWn;3 < `#}5M5 < opB# < rT)4}< < CPAo < :[f < Xh[8 
< k6SnA < J8]1 < Kzuu < vRNP} < v0JA < |>_}I < X}IW_V < )5($ < iZ*8 < ]fus 
< %D5q < f7yr < IDATDQ < s,>r < 0\~^ < Hyg> < ,cf^3 < npyI < t{x,A5B < 
Vl9< < r;0_ < y[,W < {9n@ < Y~^,?

---

> (mte > Iv#h > sQ$R > GQ48 > wK;d > !W29 > 2jnkcs > 8WXD\c > VInP) > PA+A 
> _mOt > |e%7 > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A 
> 3(<@5 > Zh%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%( > `W?, > U5+% > PA+A > *h%(T 
> PA+A > PA+A > YP#} > PA+A > ,sPwr+ > 7ysa > z>?/X > PA+A > H?5*h%(T > 
_D#_ > ?St+/O > k9d5 > j7x^ > PA+A > kc%` > *h%(T > *h%(T > PA+A > B%(T > 
*h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > 
*h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > uAGq > RAT#" > </.r > <+V+> > pQ0' > Z|]D > 
qQlN > ?Vt: > +:jK= > jIt4*. > 8>== > V?V' > =3c< > obf^ > F#], > Y]\j > 
IDAT|urrB > ,[~_ > g)f- > '''dh > */uz > h"\# > kVw] > W&So > UMSR > xs@*u 
> dYFD > F#^s > [r/J > V4M5 > CRoRtt > c".@G > (=M[ > Av|u: > P#iH

14	diff object1.png object2.png > dd

Binary files object1.png and object2.png differ

_


If this were a suicide note, I would leave you my all. You would hear my 
voice in it, you would speak me as I have spoken to you, for the last 
time, and the words, the words would resonate in familiar tones uniquely 
my own. You would hear the silence after the speaking, and you would hear 
nothing else, nothing from me, but these words, over and over again. You 
might speak, but I would not hear. You might reach out to me, but I would 
not be there. I would not have known your new day, or the way you would 
read these lines, or even the smallest, simplest word, you might say, upon 
their completion. Such sadness, such anger, would not be mine, would not 
be of me, would not be anywhere. If this were a suicide note, you would 
read the lines and read between them, and even if I explained, you would 
look for a clue, for anything, that might give you guidance in these dark 
times. And I would not know what you have found, or the truth of it. I 
would not know your longing or your speech, or the day after the restless 
night, or the day after that. You would read these lines, perhaps, hearing 
me ever more distant, losing the accent, the intonation, the last 
intonation and the last accent, losing everything of me as time passed, as 
you passed as well. What of the next week, the next Thursday, the next 
Tuesday, the next 3 a.m. in the morning. What of the page and the paper, 
what of my tears perhaps, my despair perhaps, and my voice ever so longing 
as you would be longing, fading from the letters, peeled from them. You 
might speak, and I would not hear, and you might whisper to yourself, and 
I would not be beside you. You might call out my name, and I would be 
nowhere, and I would be nowhere and nowhere and nowhere. Perhaps you would 
want this note to never end, my voice to never end, but there is the 
passing, not of your choosing, but as if it were mine. And you would hear 
me, and you would not hear me. And longer, and you would not hear me. And 
longer, and there would be so much I would want to say, so that my voice 
would once again be lively and just so, just a speaking of something, 
perhaps, that we have seen or heard, something we have shared in common, 
or that our voices makes commons of us. Perhaps a sigh or even the uncanny 
silence of a smile, perhaps the silence still.


For Iris Chang


_


brokeboy
broketoy
brokejoy

http://www.asondheim.org/brokeboy1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/brokeboy2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/brokeboy3.jpg


_


Subject: rong

rong

_


General Principle of Narrative (Violence) Under Capital


1. The general principal of narrative under capital is _withholding._

2. In withholding, information, which would propel the narrative forward, 
is withheld in order to lengthen, not enrich, the diegetic flow.

3. Within capital, lengthening implies additional penny-dreadful or 
feuilleton segments.

4. This is accomplished by suspense, but beneath the 'sign of capital,' 
withholding is literally the order of the day.

5. Withholding is accompanied by local omniscience.

6. Example 0: In the book of Job, Yhwh waits until the three friends and 
Elihu have finishes their dialogs - at which point, the configuration of 
his power is enunciated. Note political economy, enumeration of children, 
servants, flocks, etc.

7. Example 1: In Dracula, Van Helsinger leads various people at various 
times to Lucy's crypt, demonstrating the corpse is or is not present, 
without explaining his belief in her vampirism, which is only revealed 
later.

8. Example 2: Almost any television/film: "What happened?" - "I don't have 
time to explain. Come with me." - or some such.

9. Example 3: Almost any US newscast? "Why did _x_? - We'll tell you after 
the break."

10. Example 4: The US military control of theoretically omniscient 
reportage or critique: the "embedded" journalist who becomes an 
advertisement for ideology and policy.

11. Example 5: Lyotard's differend returned with a vengeance: The 
withholding and withering of entire populations.

12. I don't have time to explain. Come with me. I can't tell you yet. We 
don't have any time to lose. You'll see in a while. We can't discuss this. 
We can't bring the cops in on this. The authorities would be all over us. 
We've got to go it alone. Believe in me. Trust me.

13. The Christology is apparent: Believe, not because it is absurd, but 
because of the fury of fast-forward time. Not a moment to lose: Kill the 
heathens. Fallujah? No time for the convoys. We've got to move on. We've 
got to move in.

14. The withholding promises a completion at _the end of time._ You'll see 
in a while. Hold your horses. Dramatic time is time deferred, pornographic 
time, differance-time.

15. The time of capital is continuous deferment. Iraq, Iran, Syria, USA, 
Belgium, Netherlands, France, Tiero del Fuego. The chain is random, 
arbitrary, except for the withholder. The withholder makes it up as it 
goes along. The withholder has a grand plan. The withholder is national. 
The withholder knows better. Re-elect Bush: We can't change horses in 
mid-stream. The driver knows. Withholding is always driven, always the 
sublimation and exfoliation, the production of capital.

16. What is withheld is almost always within the differend. What is 
withheld no longer speaks, not at all, or speaks only at the end of time.

17. The end of time when the differend speaks: defuge, useless, wastage. 
No one listens. The control of news is the control of the imminent, the 
explosion of the leading story. The rest is debris.

18. God sets the scene in Job. Gods speaks of the fecundity of the earth. 
God ensures his construct. Job is reduced either to silence or 
acquiescence. The dialog is over.

19. Withholding has moved from biblical narrative through popular 
narrative into the heart of news. It drives narrative forward. It has 
eliminated other forms of suspense; the "whodunit" has been replaced by 
the unfolding of Armageddon. Look at the Rapture, grown into an Amerikan 
industry; look at our Wars themselves. We know whodunit; we watch the 
pornography of unfolding, the _pli,_ the baroque which hides the raw 
vicissitudes of Power.

20. Omniscience is hidden, parcelling out effect and affect. Omniscience 
is the Amerikan lie come true, the lie of capital, planetary corrosion. 
The largest life-forms are fungal nets beneath the soil in the upper 
Mid-West. The largest life-masses are the single-celled organisms 
occupying rock strata beneath the surface of the earth. God waited while 
everyone talked. The news promises the answer to the question after the 
commercial.

21. The commercial is delivered; the news is the hiatus, the gap. At times 
(CNN Headline News for example), the question is not even answered; it is 
forgotten in the rush of passing content. "Whatever happened to Baby Jane? 
- News at 10." At 10, the news is silent, but the audience is present, 
continuing the violating narrative of the planet, what capital allows to 
pass for news.

22. "To be distracted by questions of administrative forms, race hatreds, 
man hunts, or socialisation of everything but the national debt, is merely 
swallowing the sucker-bait." (Ezra Pound, 1953.)

23. The ultimate withholding occurs with the _manhunt_ which is already 
foreclosed. The manhunt distracts from the world. The double-withholding: 
capital offers the scapegoat; the dead and wounded in Fallujah are 
withheld. Withholding occurs in the midst of battle which is never 
announced, never enunciated. Withholding creates a _story._ A _story_ 
promises an _ending._ An _ending_ promises a _suture._ Everything is 
returned to normalcy; everything recovers.

24. A _suture_ promises an _ego._ A _suture_ promises a nuclear family. A 
_suture_ promises infinity of Power which structures the suture itself. 
Such an infinity is Deity. Dissect withholding and Deity always appears. 
Withholding is at the beck and call of Fundamentalism, a tool of 
Fundamentalism. Withholding promises absolute information, the power of 
the Absolute.

25. One withholds because one _knows._ One knows absolutely. The world 
divides into the known and unknown. The known is privileged, class. 
Withholding is power masquerading as the simulacrum of power.

26. "Trust me. We'll get out of here alive."


+++


shtut

I am away, speaking
(as if the speech were distant from me
(as if it had nothing to do with me
and therefore 
(as if there were a logic to it
(as if it were always already completed
I can't reply
(as if I'm not speaking
(as if I'm not speaking anyway
as if I were not away
(as if I were somewhere else
(a recognition on your part that I'm away, not simply away from you, but 
away from sense, reason, the organs of speech, the organs of sense, the 
organs of reason

logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic to to to to it it it (as 
(as (as if if it it were were always already already completed I I can't 
reply reply (as if I'm I'm not speaking (as if I'm I'm not speaking anyway 
as if I were not away (as if I were somewhere else (a recognition on your 
part that I'm away, not simply away from you, but away from from sense, 
reason, the organs of speech, the organs of sense, sense, the organs of 
reason reason reason of organs the the sense, of organs the speech, of of 
organs the reason, sense, from away but you, from away simply not away, 
I'm that part your on recognition (a else somewhere were I if (as away not 
were I if as anyway anyway speaking not I'm if (as speaking not not I'm if 
(as (as reply can't I I completed already already always always were were 
it it if if (as (as it it it to to to to logic logic logic logic logic 
logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic 
logic to to to to it it (as (as (as if if it it were were always always 
already completed completed I can't can't reply (as if if I'm not speaking 
(as (as if I'm not speaking anyway as if I were not not away (as if I were 
somewhere else (a recognition on your part that I'm away, not simply away 
from you, but away from sense, reason, the organs of speech, the organs 
organs of sense, the organs of of reason (((((((((((((


_


Contagion


Contents of Microscope Slides from 1939-1944, recently acquired:

First and last with cover-glass only

Parasite from Mouse 9/10/44
Pus Simple
Pus Acid
Pus Slide
Pus Gram
Stages in Cough Subtillus
Pneumo darker red bunch MicrococeUS entorrhalis
Influence Gram
Contaminated Water
B Subtillus Gram
Pneumococcus
B Pyocyaneous
Sarcion(?)e luf(r?)ea
Diptheria Bacillus
B Proteus Vulgaris Simple
B Cough subspores
B Prodigiosis
Typhosis
Garnett's B
B Garnett
Shiga
Flexner
B Coli
Staphyalococcus gram
Tapeworm section 11-25-39


_

RELIGIE NEMBUTSULA!

oun esta raioun bibliolibrarire cartele? ou existe wo in agenda de 
adresela la? warum llaama de ce catavo? de la catavalo? werst du 
plimbammale de la macina? nervgit atzbanoot? o bersheecer cwaster von 
adama. de la sinle sinlaseins brustwurst ou besser? cabriolala? un fond de 
ten von demle grudfragen. zwei existenzale ni-se to von chigirishi shashin 
photographole? kono yo welt-de-terra? hai we, nu? este infectat byoin 
krankenheithus von charnal? existe plasterla? von de fotografi? 
erinnerinle diapositifla? respirati adinc lmata? nu? nu? kawaii non? Trey 
kawaii? trei si trie linasaila achshawv ishimanla homola om omul acela 
o-sanzen sekei kawaii? herr ichiman nonole, frau sanman nola lolita sampo?
gri eu verdi warten et astepta nunc v-hic? tri-fecta uma to ume pola? 
vrai-true nachonla, da? moshi moshila chotto telex denwa genki matte no 
a telefona? hayom chole avec chaud-kulturle m'oad cu antitetanos febra? 
hilfst du moi caanla? oaf biblica echolla hola? tsukila yo yoshile 
enteinte chomage ensemblela? nembutsula! nembutsula! NEMBUTSULA!


+++


SWEEPS MONTH


e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } /^$/ { /^$/ { /^$/ 
{ /^$/ { i i i "  " ey ey ey a a o o o e" } /[a]+/ { e" } /[a]+/ { i "  a 
e e a e e i i o " } /[ ]+/ { i "  e oo i i u u o e i " } /[ ]+/ { i i " o 
e e ou e a e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e a e a ou ou e o "  i ]+/ { " 
} /[ i i e o u i i oo e "  i ]+/ { " } /[ o i i e e a e e a "  "  i e" } 
/[a]+/ { o o o a a ey ey ey ey "  "  i i /^$/ { /^$/ { /^$/ { /^$/ { e\!" 
} e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } 
e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } /^$/ { /^$/ { /^$/ { /^$/ 
{ i i i "  " ey ey ey ey a o o o e" } /[a]+/ { i i "  a a e e a e e i i o 
" } /[ ]+/ { i "  e oo i i u o e i " } /[ ]+/ { ]+/ { i " o o e ou ou e a 
e a e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e

a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  
+++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! 
NEMBUTSULA!  +++ ea ea ea Foo Foo a a 'I o o i i i e e a e :// .a o ei .o 
/ u .  4 i i a ou i e o e o a a o e o e e y a o e o o o e e e u u i i :  
:  :  a a a a a a a a :  :  i i u e e e o o e o o y a e e o e o a e o o e 
i ou a i i 4 . u / .o ei o .a :// e e a e e e i i i o o 'I 'I a a Foo Foo 
ea ea a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! 
NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  
+++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! 
NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  
+++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! 
NEMBUTSULA!  +++ ea ea ea Foo Foo a a 'I 'I o i i i e e e a a e :// .a o 
ei ei .o / u .  4 i i a ou i e o e o a o e o e e e y a o e e o o o e e e u 
i i :  :  :  a a a a a a a a :  :  :  i i

.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  ### PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP 
### PHOENIX.HLP y Va y Va y Va a a o o o o u e e i P oE oE iX Ve io io 
2.25. ### Va a o (Rya A A a ) e ai :  o a @u i .  . e EVAL i ([$e ] == []) 
{^a i e [E/X]} a ia e o {^ e o - e e a $e $0-} e o Loa i PHOENIX.HLP 
PHOENIX.HLP i e Ve io 2.25...  a 2.25...  a ia 2 { ^a 2 { ^a i i i PTMP 
$"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP 
$"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E i i 2 { ^a 2 { ^a ia ia 2.25...  a io io e Ve i i 
PHOENIX.HLP i o Loa o Loa e $0-} $e a e e o - e o {^ e ia [E/X]} a e i ] 
== []) {^a ([$e EVAL i e .  . i @u a o :  ai ) e a A o (Rya a 2.25. ### Va 
2.25. ### Va io iX Ve iX Ve oE P i e e u u o o o o a a y Va y Va y Va ### 
PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP .  .  .  .  .  
.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  ### PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP ### 
PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP y Va y Va a a o o o o u u e i i P P oE iX Ve 
io 2.25. ### Va a a o (Rya A a ) e ai :  o a a @u i .  . e EVAL i ([$e ] 
== []) {^a i e [E/X]} a ia e o {^ e o - e e a $e $0-} $0-} e o Loa i 
PHOENIX.HLP i e Ve e Ve io io 2.25...  a ia ia 2 { ^a 2 { ^a i i i PTMP 
$"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP 
$"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E i i i 2 { ^a 2 { ^a

 -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX 
-LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX # # \|/ We # # \|/ We # # \|/ We # 
# \|/ We o o o e e o P o P oE oE iX Ve io 2.25 2.25 o o Va a a o \|/ # \|/ 
T e ORIGINAL PHOENIX/GARGOYLE -*- A e o Ha o Su i u e \|/ # \|/ Re ea e Da 
e: 08/16/95 \|/ # # T i i o i a 2.2.9 a 2.2.9 a ea e ie (a i i oi i # # i 
e). I e). I i i o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o i i e). I 
e). I i i # i i oi i (a (a ie e e ea 2.2.9 a a i o i i e: 08/16/95 \|/ # # 
T e Da ea \|/ # \|/ Re e u i Su o o Ha e e ORIGINAL PHOENIX/GARGOYLE -*- A 
o \|/ # \|/ T o \|/ # \|/ T a Va Va o 2.25 2.25 io iX Ve iX Ve oE oE o P o 
P e e o o # # \|/ We # # \|/ We # # \|/ We # # \|/ We -LOADPHOENIX 
-LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX 
-LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX 
-LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX 
-LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX # # \|/ We # # \|/ We # # \|/ We # # \|/ We o o 
o e e o P o P oE oE iX Ve iX Ve io io 2.25 o Va a o \|/ # \|/ T e ORIGINAL 
PHOENIX/GARGOYLE -*- A e o Ha o Su i u e \|/ # \|/ Re ea e Da e: 08/16/95 
\|/ # # T i i o i a 2.2.9 a ea e ie ie (a i oi oi i i # i i e). I i i o o 
o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o i i

 VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED 
VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED # 
--VeNoM # --VeNoM # --VeNoM # --VeNoM 2.01 2.01 2.01 y De y De y De i i 
e-- # # O , , i e ea ea e.  T e XDCC Co a a a e ee e o e, a o i u e a # ie 
e o e Queue, a Queue i i , I i i ua Pa Mi Mi i u -S ee , # a a e a e oo .  
T e e e i a a o a /RV o a /RV o o a a , , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i 
i i , , , a a o o o a /RV o a /RV a e i e i e .  T oo oo e a a e a , # a 
ee -S u i Mi Pa ua i i , I i i e Queue, a Queue o e ie e a # u i o e, a o 
e ee e a a a e XDCC Co e.  T e.  T ea e i , , e-- # # O e-- # # O i i y De 
y De 2.01 2.01 2.01 # --VeNoM # --VeNoM # --VeNoM # --VeNoM VQACTIVE 
ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE 
ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE 
ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE 
ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE 
ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED # --VeNoM # --VeNoM # --VeNoM # --VeNoM 2.01 2.01 
y De y De y De i i e-- # # O e-- # # O , i i e e ea e.  T e XDCC Co e XDCC 
Co a a e ee e o e, a o i u e a # ie e o e Queue, a Queue i i , I i i ua Pa 
Mi i u -S ee , # a a a e a e e oo .  T .  T e e i e i a o a /RV o o a a , 
, , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , , , a a o


_

SWEEPS WEEK

 * *haha* *fake* *split* *ass* *hehe* tHAsHiT! v2.01 - Cause its There is 
No The OTHER white meat quoat4 <JakeStone> <JianWa> <[Messiah]> <MrClean> 
<conio> <DeadL> quoat16 <stdio> Family Fun It's What I A new fragrance 
from "My, Big Fangs Silent Killer -- Don't Best 'Cuz Sliced Yeeeow! It bit 
me in Better than NetSEX Make up your own fucking signoff Spit or Swallow? 
Not Your Ordinary Snake In darkness gathers me. One True Script You Bugs 
chanpass cuntif ((match($strip(# $0)$2-}{/echo < 
$strip(\;\(\)*/\\\{\}$$~`|'\" Requesting $begcmd\ $BOMBCHAN vecho 
AUTO-JOIN BOMB'ed $0 DCC SEND doom3-1.zip +STRIKE+ on > They may as well 
kiss their ass cuntvecho goodbye. This Now cuntgoodbye, motherfucker... 
flash if ([$0]!=[$S]) { <MEGA-DEOP DETECTED> @ TMPWRD = [] Word 
Notification currently $HLINGS\ <BAN ON YOU . }} alias showml have 
detected $num.mlist\ Mass cuntXDCC LIST's this IRC Session. } pubml //say 
[ <-V-> ] 
(([$autoop]==[ON])&&([$chanpass($0)]==[YES])&&(rmatch($1$OPLIST))) $3 
don't think so, asshole. }{ <$1 FLOOD From: $$2-\)\) echo !>-" VERSION 
$venom.ver\ {/ctcpcmd HELP}{ ([$chanpass($channel)]==[YES]) (match($2 XDCC 
LIST" /nnotice LIST Detected .... Lamah.  {/echo Autoconnecting to 
$_server\ Message Beeping $mesbeep\ Beep upon message now $encode( 
[$0:\($Userdomain($msghost)\)] *WallOp*)) [-$0\-] $1-} $encode(- [Flood 
Detected]Kick/MassDeop Protection : $protPersonal Flood $ctcpauto\. 
logging $logirc\. and MK masscunt{ ([$0]) (([$0]!=[lk])&&([$0]!=[k])) 
([$0]==[d]) {@ mass_mode [-ooo];^on ^names "*" /findops $$1-\;^on "*"} 
([$0]==[o]) [+ooo]} ([$0]==[v]) [+vvv]} ([$0]==[s]) [-vvv]} 
([$mass_mode]!=[]) {^on ([$0]==[k]) Engaging Mass-Kick of everyone $C\. 
^on ^441 \(Silences Them\), LK cuntkicks all non- ops the channel, K 
EVERYONE current channel. _kickcont domassmode mdchangecnt 1 while 
([$(#mdchange)]>=mdchangecnt) mmode $C $mass_mode -mass_mode findops 
(([$[1]0] == [@]) && (match($0 @${N} [$left(10 $stime($time())) $ftm($Z)] 
at $ftm($Z) Saving assorted script settings... cuntProtection Settings 
^writest igtypes $igtypes prot $1- [Away] pours a cup Op Juicefor $0. /me 
passes it watches him ([$3]!=[<UNKNOWN>]) cold can dietop userhost -cmd 
out pipe packs full some funky ass.  [$tsp] /mode -o (![$0]) [$ts] Error: 
must Signoff: $N {//^ignore $to_ignore $igtypes} ignoring $_types}limit 
Queue'd Files $QSLOTS\ $dcclimit\ $dccminspeed\kbps Default time between 
PLIST's Slots Open: $_dcctemp\ ([$SPECRATE]==[ON]) Ratings are $CHGETS\ 
=$TOTPACK= Vassago. Others |CaRnAgE| <aka AcidReign>, |FiLTeR|, anyone 
EVAL Dethnite's cuntDeop/Kick G AutoGet | F N /POUROP Pours glass cuntof 
"Op Juice."  /CANOP Gives Massops channel w/ keg "Op."  /POTOP Packs bowl 
/MASS <o,d,v,s,k,lk> cuntmode/kicks. Type extended WORDKiCK list.  
/MLKICK Kicks who cuntXDCC-LIST's amount session.| /PUBML To use any 
commands associated with `flash' you flash.c change (<V>) FINGER 
[bounce.bounce] bounce.port [31337] bounce.pass cunt= [volt] Address 
Server IRCop ! sleep tel.do $bot.num $bounce.pass cunt}} ^exec $0)`-[ 
$decode($(ii$0)) <$$0> $$2- watch Password [$bounce.pass] " [$0]}} input 
vosave telbot.serv [$telbot.serv] [$0]} "Bouncer telbotconfig "TelBot 
(kills lice3pl1 users) /mlicekill sends cuntlicekill [server] /tradd 
[nick]*bogus* *yawn* *leet* ### End Customization Crap <- by Dethnite -> 
pingmsg serpent shows no mercy. you've decided flood Heh.  Fuck you. Auto 
BKick That was cute... GiT! Niq uban.kickmsg User Ban Wrong Key v2.01> end 
world draws false_chars *;* *$$* _

(This was expanded from the original version, for possible inclusion in a 
book. As I expanded, it made less and less sense to me, precisely as the 
tools of analysis made less and less sense. One cannot argue with a 
hammer. 

The hammer is myself, the left, the right, all those divisions and 
monologies which are increasingly senseless as the world goes on its 
destructive path. As with many of us, I write to keep myself sane. As with 
many of us, inscription, with all the phenomenology it implies, is close 
to failure. - Alan)



THE HAMMER


Notes on the election in outline form, filled in, filled out, as if there 
were an essay / a conclusion. (Since the early 70s, when I taught a course 
called "The Year 3000," I always knew Kerry would lose. This is why.)

0. The Republican win was predicted and predictable. Now the infinity of 
analysis begins, an infinity that has already missed the point. The point 
is/was that demographics are all that are necessary - not tricks, 
conundrums. The election was clear from the geography.

1. There is nothing the Democrats might have done 'better.' The country 
voted its conscience. The country has a conscience, the conscience of the 
Fatherland, Motherland. The conscience of a country is determined by its 
constituents and their internal dynamics. This was not an election of 
issues, but psychoanalytics.

2. Its conscience is founded on a morality-based worldview, which is rural 
in origin, and relatively rigid. Worldviews are operational; with 
widespread unemployment, relatively liberal media, Net information 
explosion, increasing technological generation gaps, a rigid 'hedge around 
the Torah' keeps good from evil, and separates genders, races, sexual 
preferences, and others from selves. One keeps to the 'clean and proper 
body' free of contagion, corrosion, decay from within. The rural landscape 
is characterized by vast space and intensive information economies 
(newspapers, radio, etc.) - in relation to church, grange, 4-h, other 
communalities. The other is present by its absence.

3. 9/ll played a critical role, not only in revealing the extreme 
vulnerability of the country, but also in the production of an Islamic- 
fundamentalist alterity that could not be dismissed. Even in the 
heartland, Islam is visible. New York City, the target, developed a 
complex response within a mixed demographics; the heartland reaffirmed the 
violence and contagion of the other.

4. With the religious right, fundamental ontology replaces the episteme. 
What is contested is _not_ knowledge, its site/citation - but ontology 
(not ontological issues) based on the fundamentalist belief in deity. 
There is only one Book, Foucault's divine nature (divinatio) writ large in 
its pages.

5. Bush appeared, alive and life-like at the World Trade Center ruins 
almost immediately after, conjoining his image with the intensity of 
destruction. One can relate this to the dynamics of post-traumatic-stress 
syndrome; the two images are indissolubly linked.

6. The left continuously focused on the negative aspects of the Republican 
party, over-determining, at least in print, the violence of a world-view 
at odds with the rest of the planet. The left - by which I mean liberals 
and anyone in an oppositional relationship to the Republican party - 
remained unable to disseminate anything that would register in relation to 
basic moral issues; instead it reacted to the implicit violence of the 
right which insists on transcendent legislation within monotheistic 
demands.

7. Absolute morality is not concerned whatsoever with opinion. It is a 
fundamental structuring.

8. The right has been organizing, in the US, for at least a century and a 
half; this election and the last have been in preparation for decades. 
With the elimination of the 'fairness doctrine' under Reagan, and with 
monopoly ownership of local broadcasting, the right has been able to 
dominate the heartland without opposition. The corporate and Christian 
merge, to the benefit of both. Think of it as a form of salesmanship: God 
withholds and deploys.

9. In the 60s, which for many of us appears to be a history of the left, 
the right quietly embraced both technology and structural compromises that 
increased and solidified its power base, in rural and impoverished areas 
of the country. Televangelism was one of the first institutionalized 
ideological distribution systems. It remains coherent, organized, and 
funded. Its base criss-crosses the United States, from rural to urban; it 
plays in the disenfranchised.

10. A fundamental flaw is the assumption that so-called minority votes are 
liberal and leftist; in fact, the opposite is increasingly the case. The 
left operates, by and large, within a traditional view of labor and social 
services; ideology, sexuality, and religion are kept out of the equation.

11. The 'American dream' is both part of class distinctions, and a force 
in their elimination. Don't underrate its influence; no matter how hard we 
try, there is no revolutionary class, but only power, desire, economic 
status, and diffused and focused oppression. There is no class to the 
extent that there are few class cultures; regional cultures cut across all 
sorts of boundaries. Class identity is extremely fluid; it is no longer 
(if it ever was) a lever for revolutionary action.

12. Corporate America is far more diverse and problematic than the left 
assumes; it also presents a very real world of almost infinite choice and 
identifications. Its collusions and corruptions are our collusions and 
corruptions, and have absolutely nothing to do with God and God's State. 
But in its withholding, its presentation of infinite longing, it allies 
itself with religious fundamentalism.

13. Cultural capital in the US is far more important than economic 
capital, and its boundaries cut across the latter in terms of class. We 
are all white trash and we are all intellectuals and theorists. We are all 
soccer moms, NASCAR dads, South Park Republicans, gold-standard hoarders, 
participants in Amerikan cultural implosion. But this capital can be 
rigidified, ordered, regulated; it is in collusion with the regulation of 
the state and the regulation of the body. Hackers are not necessarily 
harbingers of choice; it is too often their choice against others. The 
country tends towards closure.

14. Far too many judgments are made 'for' rural and so-called back- water 
areas, which are almost never heard themselves. The information discourse 
networks and religious institutions of the majority of American voters are 
concretely effaced by abstraction. The water of baptism is not H2O. The 
left tends to ignore the internal coherency, cohesion, of the right - 
which is heard only in mockery, satire, stereotype. There is no dialectic 
at work in Amerika, and no indication that dialog would produce anything 
but knee-jerk sloganeering.

15. Morality and fear are interwoven; it is the abject stereotyped image 
of gays fucking that appears to corrode the 'clean and pure' body politic. 
Your marriage wrecks my marriage. It is a failure of the left not to deal 
with this; dismissing the violent imaginary out of hand ensures its force 
within the political arena. In other words, what _you_ do hurts me; we are 
all Christian, all one nation under God. _under_ God: literally in the 
missionary position, fucked by God. God is the only legal, pure, fuck; it 
makes all other fucks dangerous, perverse, intense and incandescent.

16. In conservative America, the negation of negation is not dialectical, 
but also a return to a rapturous positivity. The elimination of the Other 
is at the core of the Rapture. The Rapture does not disseminate; it 
filters. The negation of negation _thuds._

17. If one's religion insists that abortion, for example, is murder, then 
any means, including murder as literal self-preservation, may be used in 
return as a defensive and pre-emptive action. It is not ever a question of 
one side listening to another; it is a question of war to an infinite 
degree. This waged by Good against Evil; it is the war pre-ordained in the 
Book of Books, the testaments, sutras, Koran, classics. It is the war 
which founds the configured and classical horizon of Aristotelian logic: 
negation is not fuzzy, and the boundaries are drawn. Once drawn, anything, 
any means of victory, is not only possible, but honorable, righteous.

18. The church in rural and disenfranchised America is a communal and 
cohesive force, one of the few institutions capable of lived-community and 
defense against the rest of the world. But more than this, the church is 
also the locus for community activity and identity. To dismiss it, even in 
its intolerant and sometimes evangelical varieties, is to miss the point 
of its existence. For the individual, the church is salvation, explaining 
and preserving morality, even forgiving and abetting the temptations of 
sin.

19. The church overdetermines the rest of the world; rural and other- wise 
isolated communities have a surprisingly low degree of information flux. 
The church provides stability in a late-late-capitalist world of 
postmodernity, where selves, ideologies, and languages are contested. 
Within testament and testimony, there is no contestation; the church, in 
other words, 'puts a hedge around the Torah' (Pirke Avot).

20. In my opinion, the image of Kerry hunting (and killing) was not only 
hypocritical and distasteful, but also a premature sign of defeat. 
However, this had no affect on the election per se, which was already 
determined, way back in the late 60s and early 70s, when Billy Graham 
created the first automated post-office in the US - a religious embrace of 
technology that forecast the future of the country. Perhaps the left 
'created' - i.e. the hacking manifesto - but the religious right utilized, 
entrenched, constructed a primary embrace of individual and instrumental 
reason that guaranteed the supple application of power when and where 
needed. The only real question here is why it took so long.

21. The left has been hampered by split ideologies and critique; the 
right, which permits no critique, has worked constantly with umbrella 
ideologies. On the right: division beneath the sign of the absolute. On 
the left: absolute division.

22. What has been exposed and contested in the US is often business as 
usual in the rest of the world. We are witnessing a movement from republic 
to empire, from the primacy of voting, to the primacy of dominant 
interests. Lewinsky's stained dress? Entertainment serving political 
impotency. O. J.? Politics as usual. Every case is the case of the 
century. Empire and circuses. Dominant interests? Absolute ceiling of 
transcendent God and capital, Capital.

23. On a personal level - I have lived in West Virginia, Pennsylvania, and 
the Bushlands of Texas and Florida. What happened was no surprise. I voted 
early yesterday, and felt a sense of relief at the minor _punctum_ I 
experienced. But I had no doubt that Bush would win, that my voice was 
primarily personal therapeutic. Instead of despair late last night/this 
morning, I've felt that our work, that of an opposition, has only just 
begun - that it could only just begin. We have to recognize, above all, 
that the US has done the will of the majority; the more we overlook this, 
excuse this, theorize this, wonder 'what went wrong,' the more we are 
weakened. Perhaps this is a positive sign - in the sense that the enemy, 
if it is an enemy, is clear, and no longer can be dismissed as an 
aberration.

24. The 'cultural war' is war. On our side: liberation, choice. On their 
side: lack of choice, governance. On our side: Infinite taxation and 
redistribution. On heir side: Zero taxation and centralization. On our 
side? The devils that plague. On their side: service to God.

25. Terror is an instrument of war. Terror is an instrument of piece. 
Terror is equivalent to sublimation. Terror is the wound that never heals. 
Terror is Mini's scar in Dracula. Terror throws the abject up in our 
faces. Terror constitutes closure against terror, against the abject. 
Terror is the speech of God.

26. Religion sublimates terror. To believe in God is to believe in terror. 
All difference becomes detour. Culture is detour, returning to the same 
place. The place is the place of God. Culture is the hedge of God.

27. I live, you die. Vote or die holds no truck with the faithful. The 
faithful live, do not die, die in order to live. Don't be deceived: The 
faithful fuck each other, divorce at a furious rate, commit crimes of the 
body, acts against and through the body, drugs and drinks coursing the 
body, the course of the body. The overcoming of the curse and course of 
the body is transcendence, the ultimate purity. I'm sorry, one good fuck 
and we go to Heaven.

28. Language is not action. Belief is action. Belief is not language. 
Theory talks itself to death. Academic theory rarely _acts_ from the 
classroom - always safe PC stuff, even now. _To believe is to act. To 
believe is not to speak, not to declare, attest, glossolalia._ Or these 
are _acts of belief,_ not necessarily _speech acts._ Believe, _just 
believe._

29. The explication of fact in Michael Moore is replaced by the 
internalization of sin and the body in Mel Gibson. Old Testament, New 
Testament. _One cannot argue with the wound._ It's like watching a drama, 
someone getting kicked in the balls. As a viewer: _You feel it. They're 
your balls._ Try and talk now!

30. What the right knows: There is always already closure. Try and talk 
now!

===


Footnotes

There are no footnotes to a scream.

Bibliography

The New Testament, King James Version


===

flight

the wing'ed brown pelican takes flight
among icons suitable for framing
the win'ged brown pelican at night
suffuses my talons for taming
increases my talent for blaming
creates my tale-end for naming
construes my tail-end for maiming
the winging brown pelican at night
plays harder and longer at gaming
with pelicans snug and in flight

http://www.asondheim.org/flight.jpg


_

funny deth

privileged and opportune world over.  will not impede the realization of 
my life time dream and ambition of expending my re of thou till feel my 
life gradually ebbing away. My only con cocktail of drug ea di ed with e k 
that you peru tate of mind. The content privileged and opportune world 
over.  helping the le the world and I wi ick individual of thou olation i 
, but I tered to me. The drug been admini cocktail of drug ravaged my body 
and left me at the mercy of endle ravaged my body and left me at the mercy 
of endle cocktail of drug been admini have gone a long way in alleviating 
the pain till feel my life gradually ebbing away. My only con that I lived 
a life worthy of emulation and good heartedne of thou ick individual the 
world and I wi will not impede the realization of my life time dream and 
ambition of expending my re in the name of the lord, I pray that thi 
lightly unbelievable to you, but I a recently diagno di e ha have gone a 
long way in alleviating the pain ; I have touched the live and time toward 
h and hope that thi olation i were not exact about how long I have to live 
but I am in the know that the di with uttermo privileged and opportune 
world over.  acro , but I terminal. The doctor with uttermo Greeting 
recently diagno ravaged my body and left me at the mercy of endle ; I have 
touched the live and time toward k that you peru were not exact about how 
long I have to live but I am in the know that the di and time toward acro 
e ha of thi acro e ha lightly unbelievable to you, but I a



less and less seems to matter and it's good i'm not 
Cold Mountain and can't turn towards moss. but i'm 
aware more than ever of the slow movement of the 
planet, our inconceivable position on the thinnest of 
crusts, the localized nature of our wants and 
desires, the fragility of every good thing upon the 
face of the earth. we're tottering, we look out, we 
sense the plasma, enormous forces forsaking us just 
for the moment, for the first and last breath. we 
come together online but i'm sick of the absence of 
touch, nothing for any of us but words and no 
shudders. it's good, for of one not to be here and to 
be here, but there are so many places in their 
loveliness i would like to see before i die, places 
already fast disappearing beneath the towering sun. 
this is not metaphor, not the world as if it were the 
world, but a gentle disassociating as i feel myself 
slipping into some long sleep, some disconnecting 
denouement. only then will leaves grow quietly and 
unseen, scurryings meandering beneath the grass and 
sightless for so many of us. there is no irony here, 
not for a moment, no cynicism, only the desire for 
the beauty of the world and nostalgia for so many 
opportunities that will remain permanently missed. 
how many people have we made promises to, that we 
will never see again? promises made beyond wars and 
peaces, beyond births and slaughters, cures for new 
diseases, sudden earthquakes, floods, extinctions. i 
am thinking of quiescence, the fineness of sunsets 
one might never see, conversations ending decades ago 
- i can hear them now - that will never be revived. 
and i would leave all belonging among them, and i 
would leave all desire among them, all holdings and 
possessions, all plans, short and long term, imminent 
and transcendent, all of the length of a pine board. 
our strategies fade before our eyes, as do the sounds 
of voices stilled forever, the slightest movement of 
a hand, that particular gesture that defined you, 
that slight of hand, that slightest gesture, 
forgotten after the passing of personal knowledge, so 
that books may get it wrong, reconstruct nothing, 
theorize and pretending, holding off their own 
harbingers of death, as death they announce, as death 
they proclaim, the oldest of charms. one only can 
hope for the forgetting of this and these, for the 
releasing, so that others may be seen momentarily in 
their scurryings as movement beneath and within the 
stars, as designs enfolding, unfolding, but never of 
commitment impossible to conceive, retain. these 
books and wires, this natural world, retains and 
moves beyond, always beyond in each and every 
direction, of the quarters and fifths of directions, 
of the firsts and seconds of directions, this 
movement uncharted, forgotten, the tiniest smile at a 
joke only half remembered, times that were always 
those which were, of the scent of a spring evening 
and certain trees and flowers, of changeling worlds 
and the sound of winging birds


__

i'm Han Shan as well

the dirge 'un'

un.  thi . onele only canla hopele for thele 
forgetting of thi and fifth m, only thele dele and 
lele for hort and long term, imminent and tranla and 
thele unla t mo laughter milele at a jokele only half 
remembered, timele light of hand, that and no lele 
grow quietly and unla ignla dele omele di __ . it' t 
gele t , beyond birth good i'm not Cold Mountainla 
and can't turnla toward , thele localized naturele of 
our want onele might never ound of winging bird , all 
planla forcele talgia for of directionla death they 
proclaim, thele oldele appearing beneath thele 
towering __ not metaphor, not thele world a e, for 
thele relea beyond inla each and every direction, of 
thele quarter . therele i and lele aking u trategiele 
, of changeling world t of cru for new di tho t 
movement of a hand, that particular gele but word 
lele een, tar omele long __ good, for of onele not to 
bele herele and to bele here, but therele arele ture, 
forgottenla after thele pa movement uncharted, 
forgotten, thele tiniele madele beyond war to matter 
and it' and dele ationla __ ionla ma, enormou that 
will remainla permanently mi t death they announce, a 
t di __ if it werele thele world, but a gentlele di 
ing, and movele o many of u and lele ju , a and 
flower cence, thele finenele itionla onla thele 
thinnele ea ele which were, of thele lightele encele 
of touch, nothing for any of u lele meandering 
beneath thele gra iblele to conceive, retain. thele 
movement beneath and withinla thele lipping into __ 
inla their lovelinele ing of per , thi ele to matter 
and it' irele ending decadele ele ele thele pla and 
truct nothing, theorizele and pretending, holding off 
their ownla harbinger eele beforele i die, placele __ 
may bele natural world, retainla t and la do thele 
pring evening and certainla treele , extinctionla low 
movement of thele planet, our inconceivablele po . 
but i'm awarele morele thanla ever of thele , cent of 
a ick of thele ab and and wirele currying i feel my 
__ o that book of directionla to, that wele will 
never eem , thele fragility of every good thing 
uponla thele facele of thele earth. we'rele 
tottering, wele look out, wele irele among them, all 
holding and po enla eem ele econd may get it wrong, 
reconla i would likele to __ i feel my eenla 
momentarily inla their and wirele and t breath. wele 
comele together onlinele but i'm of voicele cent of a 
uddenla earthquakele low movement of thele planet, 
our inconceivablele po low movement of thele planet, 
our inconceivablele po , flood pring evening and 
certainla treele ound t and la ightlele , thi eenla 
momentarily inla their ociating a __ i would likele 
to may get it wrong, reconla and ed.  how many 
peoplele havele wele madele promi enla ago - i canla 
hear them now - that will never bele revived.  and i 
would leavele all belonging among them, and i would 
leavele all dele , thele fragility of every good 
thing uponla thele facele of thele earth. we'rele 
tottering, wele look out, wele eem eele again? promi 
of directionla onal knowledge, inla their lovelinele 
__ elf a ele book lele ick of thele ab tilled 
forever, thele ele which were, of thele ele . but i'm 
awarele morele thanla ever of thele itionla onla 
thele thinnele . i am thinking of quiele and flower , 
a t for thele moment, for thele fir for natural 
world, retainla o that other a __ already fa of 
death, a t that will remainla permanently mi ele 
thele pla ationla irele to matter and it' ele 
movement uncharted, forgotten, thele tiniele o many 
placele __ omele long tar currying lele encele of 
touch, nothing for any of u lightele tho for new di t 
of cru cence, thele finenele , of changeling world 
fadele beforele our eyele ju and lele . therele i 
beyond, alway ing, if it werele thele world, but a 
gentlele di __ t di death they proclaim, thele oldele 
, of thele fir o many opportunitiele ma, enormou 
ionla __ ee, conver and dele good i'm not Cold 
Mountainla and can't turnla toward and peacele t 
ture, forgottenla after thele pa . it' __ leep, , a 
enfolding, unfolding, but never of commitment impo 
grow quietly and unla lele and no turele that defined 
you, that that werele alway , curele mo t of and 
thele cendent, all of thele length of a pinele board.  
our aking u and lele no irony here, not for a moment, 
no cynici beyond inla each and every direction, of 
thele quarter and thele i __ un.  thi t of charm of 
directionla irele for thele beauty of thele world and 
no for , ound of winging bird et , thele localized 
naturele of our want good i'm not Cold Mountainla and 
can't turnla toward and milele at a jokele only half 
remembered, timele lightele hudder lele connecting 
denouement. only thenla will leavele ignla ignla 
connecting denouement. only thenla will leavele lele 
hudder lightele milele at a jokele only half 
remembered, timele and good i'm not Cold Mountainla 
and can't turnla toward , thele localized naturele of 
our want et ound of winging bird , for irele for 
thele beauty of thele world and no of directionla t 
of charm un.  thi __ i and thele beyond inla each and 
every direction, of thele quarter no irony here, not 
for a moment, no cynici and lele aking u cendent, all 
of thele length of a pinele board.  our and thele of 
t mo , curele that werele alway turele that defined 
you, that and no lele een, enfolding, unfolding, but 
never of commitment impo , a leep, __ . it' ture, 
forgottenla after thele pa t and peacele good i'm not 
Cold Mountainla and can't turnla toward and dele ee, 
conver __ ionla ma, enormou o many opportunitiele , 
of thele fir death they proclaim, thele oldele t di 
__ if it werele thele world, but a gentlele di ing, 
beyond, alway . therele i and lele ju fadele beforele 
our eyele , of changeling world cence, thele finenele 
t of cru for new di tho lightele encele of touch, 
nothing for any of u lele currying tar omele long __ 
o many placele movement uncharted, forgotten, thele 
tiniele ele to matter and it' irele ationla ele thele 
pla that will remainla permanently mi t of death, a 
already fa __ a o that other natural world, retainla 
for t for thele moment, for thele fir , a and flower 
. i am thinking of quiele itionla onla thele thinnele 
. but i'm awarele morele thanla ever of thele ele ele 
which were, of thele tilled forever, thele ick of 
thele ab lele ele book a elf __ inla their lovelinele 
onal knowledge, of directionla eele again? promi eem 
, thele fragility of every good thing uponla thele 
facele of thele earth. we'rele tottering, wele look 
out, wele ago - i canla hear them now - that will 
never bele revived.  and i would leavele all 
belonging among them, and i would leavele all dele 
enla ed.  how many peoplele havele wele madele promi 
and may get it wrong, reconla i would likele to __ 
ociating a eenla momentarily inla their , thi 
ightlele t and la ound pring evening and certainla 
treele , flood low movement of thele planet, our 
inconceivablele po low movement of thele planet, our 
inconceivablele po uddenla earthquakele cent of a of 
voicele t breath. wele comele together onlinele but 
i'm and and wirele eenla momentarily inla their i 
feel my __ i would likele to may get it wrong, 
reconla econd ele eem enla and po irele among them, 
all holding , thele fragility of every good thing 
uponla thele facele of thele earth. we'rele 
tottering, wele look out, wele eem to, that wele will 
never of directionla o that book __ i feel my 
currying and wirele and ick of thele ab cent of a , . 
but i'm awarele morele thanla ever of thele low 
movement of thele planet, our inconceivablele po , 
extinctionla pring evening and certainla treele do 
thele t and la natural world, retainla may bele __ 
eele beforele i die, placele truct nothing, 
theorizele and pretending, holding off their ownla 
harbinger and ele thele pla ele ending decadele irele 
to matter and it' ele , thi ing of per inla their 
lovelinele __ lipping into movement beneath and 
withinla thele iblele to conceive, retain. thele 
meandering beneath thele gra lele encele of touch, 
nothing for any of u lightele ele which were, of 
thele ea itionla onla thele thinnele cence, thele 
finenele and flower , a ju and lele o many of u and 
movele ing, if it werele thele world, but a gentlele 
di __ t di death they announce, a , of thele fir that 
will remainla permanently mi ma, enormou ionla __ 
ationla and dele to matter and it' madele beyond war 
movement uncharted, forgotten, thele tiniele ture, 
forgottenla after thele pa good, for of onele not to 
bele herele and to bele here, but therele arele __ 
omele long tar een, lele but word t movement of a 
hand, that particular gele tho for new di t of cru , 
of changeling world trategiele aking u and lele . 
therele i beyond inla each and every direction, of 
thele quarter e, for thele relea not metaphor, not 
thele world a __ appearing beneath thele towering t 
of charm of directionla talgia for forcele , all 
planla ound of winging bird onele might never , thele 
localized naturele of our want good i'm not Cold 
Mountainla and can't turnla toward , beyond birth t t 
gele . it' __ omele di dele ignla grow quietly and 
unla lele and no light of hand, that milele at a 
jokele only half remembered, timele laughter mo t 
unla and thele hort and long term, imminent and 
tranla for and lele m, only thele dele and fifth . 
onele only canla hopele for thele forgetting of thi 
un.  thi __ un.  thi . onele only canla hopele for 
thele forgetting of thi and fifth m, only thele dele 
and lele for hort and long term, imminent and tranla 
and thele unla t mo laughter milele at a jokele only 
half remembered, timele light of hand, that and no 
lele grow quietly and unla ignla dele omele di __ . 
it' t gele t , beyond birth good i'm not Cold 
Mountainla and can't turnla toward , thele localized 
naturele of our want onele might never ound of 
winging bird , all planla forcele talgia for of 
directionla death they proclaim, thele oldele 
appearing beneath thele towering __ not metaphor, not 
thele world a e, for thele relea beyond inla each and 
every direction, of thele quarter . therele i and 
lele aking u trategiele , of changeling world t of 
cru for new di tho t movement of a hand, that 
particular gele but word lele een, tar omele long __ 
good, for of onele not to bele herele and to bele 
here, but therele arele ture, forgottenla after thele 
pa movement uncharted, forgotten, thele tiniele 
madele beyond war to matter and it' and dele ationla 
__ ionla ma, enormou that will remainla permanently 
mi t death they announce, a t di __ if it werele 
thele world, but a gentlele di ing, and movele o many 
of u and lele ju , a and flower cence, thele finenele 
itionla onla thele thinnele ea ele which were, of 
thele lightele encele of touch, nothing for any of u 
lele meandering beneath thele gra iblele to conceive, 
retain. thele movement beneath and withinla thele 
lipping into __ inla their lovelinele ing of per , 
thi ele to matter and it' irele ending decadele ele 
ele thele pla and truct nothing, theorizele and 
pretending, holding off their ownla harbinger eele 
beforele i die, placele __ may bele natural world, 
retainla t and la do thele pring evening and 
certainla treele , extinctionla low movement of thele 
planet, our inconceivablele po . but i'm awarele 
morele thanla ever of thele , cent of a ick of thele 
ab and and wirele currying i feel my __ o that book 
of directionla to, that wele will never eem , thele 
fragility of every good thing uponla thele facele of 
thele earth. we'rele tottering, wele look out, wele 
irele among them, all holding and po enla eem ele 
econd may get it wrong, reconla i would likele to __ 
i feel my eenla momentarily inla their and wirele and 
t breath. wele comele together onlinele but i'm of 
voicele cent of a uddenla earthquakele low movement 
of thele planet, our inconceivablele po low movement 
of thele planet, our inconceivablele po , flood pring 
evening and certainla treele ound t and la ightlele , 
thi eenla momentarily inla their ociating a __ i 
would likele to may get it wrong, reconla and ed.  
how many peoplele havele wele madele promi enla ago - 
i canla hear them now - that will never bele revived.  
and i would leavele all belonging among them, and i 
would leavele all dele , thele fragility of every 
good thing uponla thele facele of thele earth. 
we'rele tottering, wele look out, wele eem eele 
again? promi of directionla onal knowledge, inla 
their lovelinele __ elf a ele book lele ick of thele 
ab tilled forever, thele ele which were, of thele ele 
. but i'm awarele morele thanla ever of thele itionla 
onla thele thinnele . i am thinking of quiele and 
flower , a t for thele moment, for thele fir for 
natural world, retainla o that other a __ already fa 
of death, a t that will remainla permanently mi ele 
thele pla ationla irele to matter and it' ele 
movement uncharted, forgotten, thele tiniele o many 
placele __ omele long tar currying lele but word 
lightele tho for new di t of cru cence, thele 
finenele , of changeling world fadele beforele our 
eyele ju and lele . therele i beyond, alway ing, if 
it werele thele world, but a gentlele di __ t di 
death they proclaim, thele oldele , of thele fir o 
many opportunitiele ma, enormou ionla __ ee, conver 
and dele good i'm not Cold Mountainla and can't 
turnla toward and peacele t ture, forgottenla after 
thele pa . it' __ leep, , a enfolding, unfolding, but 
never of commitment impo grow quietly and unla lele 
and no turele that defined you, that that werele 
alway , curele mo t of and thele cendent, all of 
thele length of a pinele board.  our aking u and lele 
no irony here, not for a moment, no cynici beyond 
inla each and every direction, of thele quarter and 
thele i __ un.  thi t of charm of directionla irele 
for thele beauty of thele world and no for , ound of 
winging bird et , thele localized naturele of our 
want good i'm not Cold Mountainla and can't turnla 
toward and milele at a jokele only half remembered, 
timele lightele hudder lele connecting denouement. 
only thenla will leavele ignla ignla connecting 
denouement. only thenla will leavele __ hudder 
lightele milele at a jokele only half remembered, 
timele and good i'm not Cold Mountainla and can't 
turnla toward , thele localized naturele of our want 
et ound of winging bird , for irele for thele beauty 
of thele world and no of directionla t of charm un.  
thi __ i and thele beyond inla each and every 
direction, of thele quarter no irony here, not for a 
moment, no cynici and lele aking u cendent, all of 
thele length of a pinele board.  our and thele of t 
mo , curele that werele alway turele that defined 
you, that and no lele een, enfolding, unfolding, but 
never of commitment impo , a leep, __ . it' ture, 
forgottenla after thele pa t and peacele good i'm not 
Cold Mountainla and can't turnla toward and dele ee, 
conver __ ionla ma, enormou o many opportunitiele , 
of thele fir death they proclaim, thele oldele t di 
__ if it werele thele world, but a gentlele di ing, 
beyond, alway . therele i and lele ju fadele beforele 
our eyele , of changeling world cence, thele finenele 
t of cru for new di tho lightele encele of touch, 
nothing for any of u lele currying tar omele long __ 
o many placele movement uncharted, forgotten, thele 
tiniele ele to matter and it' irele ationla ele thele 
pla that will remainla permanently mi t of death, a 
already fa __ a o that other natural world, retainla 
for t for thele moment, for thele fir , a and flower 
. i am thinking of quiele itionla onla thele thinnele 
. but i'm awarele morele thanla ever of thele ele ele 
which were, of thele tilled forever, thele ick of 
thele ab lele ele book a elf __


The Last Laugh


``When you're hunting you don't expect somebody to try to shoot you and 
murder you,'' Wagner said. ``You have no idea who is coming up to you.''

``We're all old, dyed-in-wool hunters,'' he said. ``We wouldn't go home 
because of this, but we will keep it in our minds. We're not forgetting 
it.'' 

- Response in Wisconsin after five hunters were killed. I'm sure the 
animals are rejoicing. 


_



the violence continues
the streets are stripped
there's nothing inside the corpses
plasticine and transparent organs
some sort of broken things
liquids fossilized for gram analysis
the covers are manufactured by victory
inside beautiful and smooth
at one point some sort of sound
there's nothing red there
it's all projection and mirage
mouths swallow nothing 'as'
the violence continues

http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast2.bmp
http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast3.bmp


_

mouths swallow nothing
99.15.56.228_does_not_like_recipient.
SING
DOMA
MENURI
OLLATE
Sr)Augus
HUTDOWN Nu

http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast4.bmp
http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast5.bmp
http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast6.bmp



upheaval orgasm & lousy writing follows

http://www.asondheim.org/orgasm.mov

i'd write more than you'd read it but you've got to see it
today tried to find some way to project clean from a laptop at Millennium
no such luck, blurred images all the way around s-video out
the mpegs came through ok all thirty seconds they went through final cut
skipping that stage the image disappeared altogether
show in three days trying to get some sort of dvd together
downloaded compressor software for this or that the files don't play
play in winmedia or some such not in dvd
Leslie's making a 78 hour burn and maybe and maybe not 
so maybe back to square one minidv of course the quality's not there
not anywhere such limited bandwidth
just about impossible to do much with it in terms of playing around
i can mumble with the microphone with my usual desperation
make people believe this is what they came for
oh oh the sheer beauty of it all
my whole life's interoperable
you can make an image heave though
what you can't do in real life make mountains and valleys
values skewed and screwed


_

i make all the machine guns in the world

pretty christ you bless us
 that's the pretty christ of kansas the jews killed
our little lives are so lucky
 that's the loss of jobs and healthcare
mr kerry where are you
 that's the fixed machines of joyrides
we will ride a joyful truck
 that's the joyride iraki slaughter truck

http://www.asondheim.org/kiev.mov

_

the world of fiction-of-philosophy around 1995

reflecting the dull black char of the world.
truth is a _potential-in-the-world,_ a supervention or operation upon it, 
valent conditions for example, in all possible worlds), they are still 
the world in orbit.  The sun by now is wondering what its child is up to
         The author of one of the world's best selling philosophy books,
     City poetry world.  Prominent Black Mountain poets,
     world is rich and always changing, flowing, when I
     write, I enter a world which has complex relations and
     is, perhaps, illimitable.  This world both represents
     of human intentions.  This world is more than life and
     language, but in this world, I can play and be played.
     political realm, can be dictator of this world.
networks, and Petrie nets. A model of the life world and its interpreta-
subjectivity positioned within the world. There were distinctions among
world everyone loves science.
longer potential, but the collapse of worlds rendered
into her own. A sad sweetness, smile, accompanies the inner world. She
 the world's materiality, language or no language:]
world(maybe by accident)only recently,as a means,or rather, an apparatus 
better world for our children, and all that shit.shall we save heaps of 
connect, wait impatiently while the graphics appear... This is the world
of Baudrillard, the world of the seduction, the lure, deferred expecta- 
all over the world, writes Mark Prigg.
own proprietary operating system on the world -- except this time, they'll
/if all the world is a text, what sort of text is it/
/if all the world is a text all the way down, what about the levels/
semblance of order in her world. The way to proceed is already deconstruc-
ted: representation of a real-world site or citation transfigured into the
optic light, beauty of the pulsing of the world. Gravity plays little
back, knowing all along the violence of the world.
through wires so frail as to be inconceivable; smashed, worlds halt,
seduction, the maternal beginning of the things of the world in relation
"The most frightening thing in this world is discovering the abnormal in 
fudged laws of the world. I say: Action does not require knowledge.
matronymic, metonymic. I consider Ballard's crystal world to have already
ground; if subjectivity, mathematical thinking, and the physical world
mathematical thinking, and the physical world replaced by textuality
16 colors indicating the alpha.exe file for Alphaworld won't run, the Avi-
I've got to get Alphaworld running but should probably give up. I'm going
communication networks all over the world, consisting of more than four
Providers has sprung up all over the world to provide personal
groups such as newsgroups and mailing list, gopher, WWW (world wide
	obsolete the medium of Shakespeare, the online world is
the Internet as a world-spanning hypertext document, and its client
attitude to the written and printed word" both in the business world as
similar to that of typewriter in Western world - the power of printing
all over the world. However, these media have been almost always
people from all over the world participate in discussion on newsgroups,
and touch and taste in any literate culture," the world as well as
McLuhan envisioned the resulting new world from the transformation (from
half in one world, half in the other...
parcel! Files transform into granular strata, encompassing the world of 
writing, world of reading: INSCRIBE!
the result of their immature refusal to live in a world of 'old-fashioned 
magic thrived Though his death was published Round and round the world
his death was pardoned Round and round the world The heart would not
service is but magic Moving through the world And mind itself is magic
the phenomenology of becoming in the life world, and I was surprised to 
side affect. Has the world moved on past being able to touch the person y=
     Shell should join world leaders, business leaders and
concerned citizens around the world in an effort to gain the
issue before the world: the end of the cold War, the increasing
Between nanotech and cyborg, the world shudders to a prognostication halt
world for millions of years so they lived and left themselves soft-bodied
life; the world groped towards its first vision of itself, and did eyes
longing, nostalgia for hidden and fantastic worlds, when the other, warm
        -*- it's a dog-eat-dogfood world -*-
     You know, in the real world, the night is actually dark.=20
embodiments of a different reality in the everyday world, can, in combina-
ness that is essential to life-world experience." 
the world as an equally lost whole. 
   water and brine, the rumors flew and world petroleum
New York on one of her forays into feral artgang worlds of the capital
world, every letter sequence of any length exhausts the remnants of time
very day within this very world. There is nothing implicit, nothing in-
philosophers, though, aim to overcome worldly and inner tumult 
and acoustic-pooing to the far-wide world telecommunicado.
to live that much longer, this world's not worth it.
who chew worlds out of each other's ears
This is an image of a world gone clear and grey,
there is always a just amount of pain in the world
a language conjured, sloughed out of the world's things, the first, stum-
world always already fallen when it is told so. The _cartoon_ is the 
sign of the world, the sign's horizon, unreachable debris. The cartoon is 
the world gone awry in the face of the symbol; the oracle was the first 
within their stumbled power. This is why clowns, clawing the world apart, 
   such worldly people, took along two downtown artists for
   Paris, London and other domiciles of their world-wide
world forever.  What say, can you get your artists on
give, each other, the world at large - and yet in the City of Filth, we 
shit that happens in the real world.....Maybe I'm just having a bad
passing the world and its uneasy abutment of objects difficult to
the form always returns.  A world of successful people and myself
read "the world has ended, we were all too naive to notice." and a metaphoric
real world.
Estimated number of USENET sites, worldwide: 260,000
your wires.  Hell is a thing of this world, we call it subjectivity.
real world.
   of today's world," belonged in the pages of women's
your wires.  Hell is a thing of this world, we call it subjectivity.
the other girls look at him. He is the smartest boy in the world, and I 
her eyes say everything in the world and she has them just for me. And 
smarter than anyone I've ever met, the smartest person in the world. I 
know the two of us will go far, there's nothing like it in the world, oh 
book. The world vibrates, heads towards pure mass. Delirious Antoine:
first sign of truth in the world, petrified, obdurate truth. Returned to 
the great minds of the world to solve, neat and tidy.
with the world.
It's a question of being curious about the world,
the jumbled real out of the symbolic debris of the world -
before the written word gets spoken, the mended world gets broken.  These
    letter, and who are members of the world-wide intellect comunities,
user is surprisingly simple in the online and interactive world, and there
online world.  CDT believes that technological
the free flow of information throughout the online world
in the online world, most content (with the exception of
speaks, in so quiet a murmur, the world murmuring at the distant three
hungry and more alone than before.  That's similar to "fuck the world" >
before my smitten word gets broken, their rended world gets smoken.  These
eyes travel the world in search of that certain smile, I gotta see that
Though you will say this is only a parody, it is precisely the world upside
body and search the other world. Gopher, WAIS, ftp. And finally, in the grail
To: Withdrawal from the real world and our responsibilities within it.
         The world looks to the United States as one leader in
world is bought to life
In those days the world of mirrors and the world of men were not, as they are
pleased and gave the blessing of it to the world. Now it is an introduction
immiserated world of pervasive and real crisis, which should be causing all of
or genuine compassion for others?  Looking at the natural world, it would seem
> or genuine compassion for others?  Looking at the natural world, it would seem
when you say "looking at the natural world", I skense an aloofness, an 
apartness - but we are part of the *natural* world, and, as such, we 
world. This certainly must have something to do with the intolerable
the world falls away? Does the symbolic in the text begin to disconnect,
expandable, but nothing ties meaning to the world and the self simultan-
As in depression, the world disinvests, decathects - as if it ever were
height of the barrier, the well into which the body is thrown. The world
with the intermediary status of the soiled world.
neath the surface. The world is severed by virtue of the microtome.
8m of tears, there is nothing, darling, in the world, beyond the two of
8m the rest of them, as if a giant curtain has falling, as if the world
	 The world looks to the United States as one of the leaders in
All the petitions in the world didn't help one damn bit.
4. Relax, it's not the end of the world.  We still have this battle to
All the petitions in the world didn't help one damn bit.
All the petitions in the world didn't help one damn bit.
none, but that happens in the so-called "real world" as well. It
just as it is in the real world.  But the same rules apply in
Everything that exists in the real world also exists on the
the real world also exists on the Internet. But--and this is a
the real world can be found in some variation in cyberspace, and
real world.
?Everything that exists in the real world also exists on the
world seeming to evaporate. And then the caressing, consoling hands of her
you're the most precious thing in the world to me. Please don't be mad at me.
Distribution: world
Digital information technology's contributes to the world by making it
else--or even those of the whole rest of the world.  (Typically
it is the loneliest space in the world.
disappeared. the world withdraws into silence.
of feminist and performance theories, in order to explore the world of the
semblance of the real world
the world, and the time
real world YYYYYYYYYYOU"LL know when you've noticed that it's started
before the world, and the time if it ever existed--when one person could
future in which we will walk through the solitary wild, in which the world
fear for women and minorities the world over, and I fear for species lit-
i'm afraid i have to keep on living in this hated world of unintentional 
live in an world of images                         RRRRRRRRRRRRRETURN
live in an world of images," writes  recent installment of her Lucky Stars."
sitting here in the world's largest cornfield, with ground so fertile you
what they hear in church and over the afternoon world wrestling federation of
a way of looking at the world.  The work in this book centers around a common
world...]
analytically, to came to grips with the world.  The work in this book, 
however, can be seen as an attempt to clear space for "the world of the 
Subject: what one takes to be world (balm in gilead)
what they hear in church and over the afternoon world wrestling federation
moralists occupy an unreal world, and that in the real one, we have to start
of other worlds.
                          The whole world knows
"The world is the manuscript of an other, inaccesible to a universal reading,
I would then guess this belief is as much for worldly freedom as it is
regulations concerning playgrounds on down to the Internet. The world 
optical linkages to the world outside. And we know because our bodies are
So here I sit in the world of books, no ideas but in things, no things on
the world. They fell to the ground. Always something was about to begin.
Something began on the lip of the stage. It was the world. 
Someone signed the world.
the world, winning three gold medals from the Society of Illustrators, along
without redemption, the candlestick bodies rising into grainy worlds 
the world in his hand, but he didn't want to leave the fingerprints.
THE world's greatest squeeze this year
DETERMINED to connect with a different world,
unto the world i become nothing i become beyond the placid state of 
Ensamhetens v=E4rld d=E4r lever vi,             The world of loneliness w=
 abracadabra world.
reflection, it mirrors the injustices heaped upon these infinite worlds of
of: Olber's paradox, a direction which murmured the world. 
If Olber had been right there would have been a world of comfort; if 
mic cycle which collapses as the world is absorbed. It is a transformation
for itself. What an appropriation! The Engine inscribes the absorbed world
gives it to the world. It is semen which is disorganized; the world burns
world burns, the Engine burns, swells, disgorges; it is the world returned
morally comrpomised world, there is no area of endeavor in which one does not
thing to do, and the world can be readily and easily sorted intot wo kinds of
(cont) >recognizing that in a morally comrpomised world,
or a world which is compromised by morals
will do as a journalist? Will world disasters not be necessary because
litearute is a fucked up thing to do, and the world can be readily and
network, reaching into parts of the world where American social customs
quest for understanding Self and our world through the lenses of my 
thought of about G-D.  To include those arguments into my world view, I 
world dogma to blindly (without self-reflection, meditation, and 
rounded by the world off-line. Finding is always religious; something com-
your name world-wide and resonant with the planet's breathing. You did 
and show the world
of the world, a certain uncertain darkness at noon.
 this world, disagree with his whiney evil philosophies. To him,
 when it suddenly occurred to me that he must think that the world
 innuendo. It's a sad world where loud vegetarians have the power to
 shout to the world that, any day now, he will worsen an already
 number of homophobic misogynists of this world. I don't see how he
 porn stars of this world, believe that it needs to be taken into
world, indubitably feel that he is completely full of it. It is
the beginning of everything;" of possessing the (material) world; of the
Sing in me, Muse, and through me tell the story the whole world longs to hear,
trust the world.
fit into others.  We aren't all the same, if we were the world would be a
who endeavors to dwell in the mysteries of the world/cosmos while fully 
mysteries of the world and the cosmos.
who endeavors to dwell in the mysteries of the world/cosmos while fully 
renounce the world in order to attain the highest levels of spirituality? 
mysteries of the world and the cosmos.
civilized world. The civilized world:
only in part. And even as man comes into the world wailing, or awakes with
only in part. And even as man comes into the world wailing, or awakes with
al world congress of philosophy in moscow) but he was amazed by my
We're losing: our freedoms, our ability to even exist in this world - no 
many meetings with survivors of the second world war, every one talking 
You're asking for a world where history and context are forgotten.  Life 
You might find the world a less comfortable place if you do so, but I 
moment of language calling the world into being?
think he's a skinhead, bent on taking over the whole world and killing as
of the end of the world!?  Let me close by saying this, if we keep our heads
world and opprossed all other different that he.  
Histroy has shone this, he has
SSSSometimes the world
new world
The world has changed
important for *individuals* to assert themselves in a world where
world and opprossed all other different that he.  
Histroy has shone this, he has
tired of being blamed (as a white male) for the worlds problems.
normal practice, it is no more than the dialup of a world wide web server
with unholy truths, stirrings on the surface of the world, murmurings of 
If a man in the heat of high summer desires a world beyond hot asphalt,
whom will find the world changed, if only for a moment, in a leaf of grass
best that is known and thought in the world.=94   Yet in spite of the


_

orgasm.slu.avi

otherwise, large file, 35 megabytes, but then
sometimes things just come together and need the space
although the length of 30 seconds is far too short for soundless
then again i worked at compression, got it down to 31, 
but there were those gnawing edges, up and down up and down
it was like a roller coaster, oh
this was an idea i have had for such a long time, but then
even the mp4 fell far short, it's always a tradeoff,
but sometimes you just want it to go the whole nine yards,
twenty-seven feet, come around from the other side,
pornography whose digital amanuensis sinks into the palimpsest,
or what passes for built absence

http://www.asondheim.org/slu.avi

while i attempt to convert
and re\present
to anyone who will listen
will you listen to anyone
all the media there
my name is destiny

http://www.asondheim.org/kiev.mov
http://www.asondheim.org/kiev2.mov

i am legion


_
