
II.

II. orangeline dialup alas etaoinshrdlu redbrick badtimes breakout 
buddhist spiff ingres aria unigrafix moguls! qwer bigdeal therealthing 
deepspace! abadabdoo snafoo away! riacs braindead jump saabturbo 
shakespeare at&t! emptyhanded margaux barf sequent barfing fargone! nofun 
bigroom bigmouth pegasus logout bigtoe bigbucks figleaf! tolkein number 
filesyst tolkein checkin daemon bodyshop sleazy spaceman sizenine 
dead-head away! brokenheart gonzo boobie pronghorn boobys foobaz! 
stiffdrink xyzzy changeme dialin braindead changethis realthing stainless 
changeme! gratefuldead webhead bubbalah spiritu spam alas sparrows 
framemaker coatimundi subgenius cabinboy whatsup! greenline ledzepp dedhed 
greenline admin number californ comeon games tolkien! spock kook cunt 
bimboe spliff californ comeon yello! singer opendoor cleanroom! deadahead 
hacker mnbv cocacola jackolantern abc csc neckrub! suckrocks furball 
yabba-dabba-doo tech cocakola bubbah vicesquad mrcharlie bubbalah abcde! 
makinglove nakamichi coldwar galaxian nuke! tcpip moosehead appleII 
longtounge! farflung curmudgeon vms christ marlboro hosanna boobies 
stiffdrink! suck cyberpunk spock sodoff dedhed! csee greeting hydroxyl 
yabbadabbadoo vicesquad cyberpunk yabba-dabba-doo tech mnbvcx! zxcvbn 
einstein bonzai dangermouse mansetmanis sanfrancisco temptress lunarlander 
whatchamacallit trapdoor dday whatsup chardonnay goaway playground! fender 
lake demonic wonderbread comrades! rti smiles marlboro foobaz abcde zxc 
dicktracy fuck zxc dicktracy hacker csc neckrub ducksbreath! forkedtounge! 
foresight director aerobics margaux cerebus meatwagon sodoff! opensaysme 
everafter bigbucks redbrick sodoff! einstein ying zork stratocaster 
faretheewell terminal phreak foresight turnleft! beatles moonpie 
goodmorning foobar bloomcounty plaintruth stainless! deepthroat accounts! 
hoodlum foobaz tinman goodjob sugarbear mrgoodbar bigboy nofun aerobics 
warmweather foresight zoro farout screw bornagai northwest! cascades 
nursie forkedtounge cascades itsajoke marlboro welcome! charming really 
framemaker starship framemaker spam starwars! semperfi whatsupdoc 
hubbahubba frat beatit! oldlady redbaron modula yodude papers bloomcounty 
froshmeat syphillis flophouse closefriend! cabernet singer! hocuspocus 
fuck-you fuckaduck scrofula jerk director! fuck-off bfd mycroftyyy abcde 
fuckoff hocus technical takeiteasy nakamichi coldwar wonderboy jump 
gandalf! dimwit uhn-soon kinglear manbat sun longrest wooby zxcvb 
led-zeppelin! go to flyingfuck go it'sok baystate go dogfight apl flakes 
diamonds goahead plaintruth changed opensesame ibeleive overtime 
chardonnay graphics goaway! startrek trapdoor dday! shithead nukem 
pronghorn dead goodafternoon boomer snorkydorky hoodlum bookem! breasts 
goodfight lmnop goodfight goodwife uhnsoon! ibelieve greasyspoon usenix 
honkey lennon goodfight owns tinman goodjob venture funky! login imokay 
unix-to-unix cokacola hairball seive makebread doit unixman makedrugs 
subway goaway hobbit cocacola mnb bubbahlah abcd yabbadabbadoo! capfast 
dude dude hocus cuddles asdfg zxcv buddah oldlady lsd bigdude bighips 
deepspace ibelieve! ibmpcxt sombrero paranoia alphabet! dogfight qwerty 
apple froshmeat iforgot maplesyrup blowoff iforgot maplesyrup upperclass! 
flower bookemdanno imok blowme whoopie goofus blowme manbat demon makewar 
jellystone tolkien jkl; bullshit sillywalk galaxian yello daltry! galaga 
jello kal kal bullshit shower apl jellystone golfer maplesyrup creation 
radio kleenex csee budlite! handwaving ibmpc tunasandwich daemon hendrix 
sun longrest! dipstick blowme syphilis phrack mypassword dopey hocus-pocus 
badboy luckylady hocus buddha macsyma vectrix! superuser moonpie 
pgonderin! nearmiss meatwagon hubba startrek lennon condom bigroom jagger 
nofun bigroom! remote swamprat! cocakola suckrocks deepsix dogfight nofun 
deepspace edges phrack! misanthrope discbrakes! papers furball oops papers 
furball parallel! supported margeaux firebird wheresthebeef megadeth! 
plaintruth orangeline dickhead veday redbaron animals onionrings poiuyt 
tsing-tao mainsail unix-to-unix mainsail slinky smallhips spaceman real 
dialup! johnlennon teeney transmit shakespeare atandt teaparty realfriend! 
poiuy cokeisit poiu tull tsingtao thickcock yello bimbo remote beloved 
number lake holyshit samadams! spiritu idiot confiden consulti ronin 
confiden consulti lennon sanfran consulta! singer stimulate tgif! saab 
dial-in semperfi numberone ibmpcat ibmsux sombrero a stalker trails! 
sanfrancisco sei johnlennon slimeball thickhead lehib sun-spot pumkinpie! 
sharks sequent surfer abracadabra emptyhanded margaux unigrafix caip 
shitforbrains! splif admin imok suckrocks fuck-you bfd foghorn yogibear 
skibum digital nightmare! lmnop elephant bigroom tightfit furball 
dipstick! sleazy teeney jeepcj checkov opendoor! ibelieve overthrow 
thickhead slimeball skiing rti drillpress urine aliases childsplay! 
leddzeppelin slimeball spiff spiritusanctu klingons zeppelin loosing 
sophomore! it'sokay dialin teakettle saab dial-up unify thinthighs 
spiderman spiffy caipcad spiffy! uhn-soon ringo kinglear crashcourse 
scamper starship thatcher orangeline nearmiss welsher splif ihateyou 
ihateyou subgenius goaway gratefuldead webhead sybase! cabernet holyshit 
pampers summer zulu pampers remote samadams! iforgot imok i'mok demonic 
wonderbread sun-spot demons wonderboy daemons users umesh usenet strat 
harddisk syphillis sprang cerebus applepie abracadaver screw polarbear 
lkjhg take golden coke coke coldshoulder! unixsuck hairball bakedpotatoe 
poiu takeiteasy makeme seive cokeisit acknak! shower barfer smokedham 
flowers tcp/ip brokenheart! iforgot maplesyrup boobie etaoin! creation 
teeney thebutler greasyspoon usenix bleeps bigcock user! hacker! 
coldshoulder telecast bakedpotatoe golden caliban takeiteasy startrek! 
overthrow theriddler excaliber spiffy hairball aristotle whereisthebeef 
dogcatcher tightfit overtime bigboy baglady bigjoke aliases thickhead 
unhappy tightfit thickhead tribble! tightcunt blowjob iloveyou hocuspocus 
vectrex undead sod vectrex undead badboy vectrix! lehib tsingtao unixsux 
united slinky unixsux shivers mainsail users frenchfries! clitoris 
makelove unixman shithead nukem gojumpinalake! prettyface opensaysme! 
creation vader budlite checkin dedhead oldlady csee brothers yodude buddha 
vjday bsdunix undergraduate vjday bsdunix! visavis zoro zork lunarlander 
longhair wanker dancer! scamper unixman lkj onionrings bleep openbar 
whereisthebeef sneezy prick stickshift baglady tribbles deadhead in xyzzy 
deadhead he'sdeadjim xyzzy deadhead blackboot go! demons ying mansetmanis 
zinfandel sanfrancisco einstein! sombrero loosing troff hocus fuckaduck 
zxcvbnm zxcvbnm seabreeze it'sokay dialin deadhead it'sok!

__


A Letter


I wasn't expecting you to write to me.

I'm a little sad and confused myself.

I'm not very happy when I'm living in limbo.

 Even though it hurt to lose you, it feels better than wondering if you 
would ever decide how you felt about me.

 I cut things off because I wanted to move on. When you say that you don't 
want to write about how you feel or have been feeling, but you say we need 
to communicate, what exactly do you want to communicate?

 What else is there besides how you feel or have been feeling? In the 
absence of that, I have to guess how you feel.

 The best guess I came up with was that you just weren't into me all that 
much any more.

 And I don't want to waste my time on someone who isn't into me. It hurts 
a lot to be with someone who says that maybe he loves me and hints that he 
finds me pretty unpleasant.

 When I was with you, I felt like I was a huge disappointment for you.

Now you can be disappointed with someone else.

I guess I'm still angry.

I love you.

 That isn't good enough, though.

 I can't even name what our problems are, so I don't see how those 
problems could ever be fixed.

 I have little faith that we can communicate without professional 
assistance.

 Are you ready for that?

 Have you been getting therapy for yourself?

 You said you wanted to do that first, so that's more waiting limbo for 
me. Anyway, I think you're right.

 Our feelings have never been able to make up for our problems. I'm trying 
to solve my own problems now.

 I don't think I can be any good to anyone until I'm good with myself. I 
never wanted to lose you either.

 But it would be far worse to lose myself, and I'm the one who needs all 
of my spare time and effort right now. I wish it didn't have to be this 
way.

 There's this part of me that's trying to figure out the magic thing to 
say to make everything work out in the end for us.

 But that's just me trying to manipulate the situation.

 I can't control this or make it work out. You do what you've gotta do.

 I'm doing what I have to do.

 I don't exactly miss you.

 You're heart left me so long ago, I got used to you being gone.

I miss the memory of you from long, long ago, when you were a god to me and
I wanted to be just like you.

 I miss how I felt about myself when I met you.

 I felt pretty and amazing and creative and like I was an extraordinary
being.

 And I thought all of that about you, too.

 Somehow, for both of us, our self-esteem and excitement about being in 
the world slowly eroded. Maybe all those good feelings in the beginning 
were artificial, or exaggerated. But I'm trying to emerge for real now. 
I'm not looking to you to help me feel good about myself, or blaming you 
for making me feel bad about myself. I don't know what you're doing, or 
how you feel.

 I can't be responsible for that.

So why are you angry with me for cutting you off?

 What would you have me

 I didn't want to talk to you anymore because I didn't want to go
through the agony of hoping it would work out for us. Especially when you
wouldn't even commit to trying. I think I also wanted to prove that I'm not
like      .

 But maybe it's you who's like      .

 Maybe you enjoy the unstable drama of loving someone who doesn't give you 
what you want.

I'm getting what I want for myself.

I want things to work out for us somehow, but only on terms that feel right
and healthy.

 I don't know what that would be like, exactly.

This is a long letter.

 Longer than         wants right now.

 He's singing "          " in my face to get my attention. He misses you.

 He asked if you could come over Thursday night.

 I didn't know if it was better to say yes or no.

I know nothing.


_



Book Review of Books Mostly Liked


This is written in a more traditional style, in the hopes of greater 
distribution, and readership, and in the hopes it will be of greater use. 
I already reviewed Bunt's Islam in the Digital Age for RCCS and will send 
that out in the future, when it's published online.

Islam in the Digital Age and a number of other books have given me a 
greater interest in the Quran itself. I can highly recommend:

Quranic Studies: Sources and Methods of Scriptural Interpretation, John 
Wansbrough; forward, translations, and expanded notes by Andrew Rippin, 
Prometheus, 2004, original edition Oxford 1977. For me, raised with a 
greater knowledge of biblical exegesis, the Quran has remained somewhat 
impenetrable in terms of hermeneutics. This book goes a long way towards 
remedying that; it describes the various tropes and interpretive modes 
available in enormous detail. Wansbrough begins with retribution, sign, 
exile, and covenant, analyzes the concept of prophethood, indicates how 
narratology and textual archaeology tend to fail, presents a wide variety 
of exegetic principles, and so forth. The work is both older and difficult 
- the original has sections in Arabic, Hebrew, German, Greek, and Latin 
(at least) left untranslated, but Rippin's addenda help a great deal. I 
feel I can work with this book, move out to a greater understanding of the 
scaffolding, if not the interiority, of Islam, and for an atheist, this is 
the best I can hope for.

On the other end of the spectrum, which closes the ring through Avicenna 
and Averroes, look at Moses Maimonides, The Guide of the Perplexed, the 
translation by Shlomo Pines, with an introductory essay (quite long) by 
Leo Strauss, University of Chicago Press, 1963, still in print. Note the 
name Leo Strauss - the same beloved of neocons in the US (see the BBC's 
Powers of Nightmare). Strauss was an expert in Maimonides, and it is oddly 
to Maimonides one might turn for an analysis of current US political 
rhetoric rhetorical tendency. For Maimonides writes for the 'perplexed' - 
those who are already knowledgeable in Biblical exegesis, but who want to 
explore the deeper meaning of the words, especially in light of Arabic and 
Greek philosophy. The work is two-tiered, which Strauss' essay, How to 
Begin to Study The Guide of the Perplexed, brings out - there is exoteric 
and esoteric knowledge, and it is not necessary for everyone to understand 
everything in depth. Out of this comes Bush, eventually, without the 
grace, the knowledge, the problematized liberalism, that seems to 
characterize Strauss' thought. And the Guide is interesting itself; it 
begins with a terrific analysis of the attributes of God, and moves on 
from there. Most highly recommended. Dover has an earlier translation, but 
it's more difficult to read, and without the introduction, of course. (The 
translator also has an introduction, The Philosophic Sources of The Guide 
of the Perplexed, which indicates the tremendous cross-fertilization among 
Arabic, Greek, and Jewish sources at the time.)

My ignorance of Strauss (and of political philosophy in general) led me to 
The Rebirth of Classical Political Rationalism, An Introduction to the 
Thought of Leo Strauss: Essays and Lectures by Leo Strauss, Selected and 
Introduced by Thomas L. Pangle, Chicago 1989, currently in print. Here 
you'll find The Spiritual Crisis of Modern Rationalism; "Relativism"; An 
Introduction to Heideggerian Existentialism; Exoteric Teaching; The Dialog 
between Reason and Revelation; and a number of other essays. The essay on 
Heidegger, who Strauss considers a master, is itself a revelation; his 
interstitial scholarship reminds me of Jane Gallop. Strauss thought, if 
anything, is complex, and this is an excellent introduction. We need to 
return to the sources at this point, not of theodicy, but at the least, to 
those who struggled with materials that Bush and cohorts, bin Laden and 
cohorts, have simplified and bent out of all recognition (the two engaged 
in a violent dance of slaughter and retribution etc. etc.).

Strauss leads to Karl Kraus, by virtue of politics and the crisis of 
rationalism. I've read Kraus for years, on and off, and he now slides into 
the descriptions of the work of Elfriede Jelinek, which I've mentioned 
before. I've read three of her four novels in print in English from 
Serpent's Tail, and am in the middle of the fourth (Lust, translated 
Michael Hulse, 1992). Although I'm probably the last to argue for a 
'national literature,' there are moments among Kraus/Jelinek that resonate 
strongly. It's Wonderful Wonderful Times, Serpent's Tail, translated 
Hulse, 1990, that has given me nightmares and an interiority as if the 
writing were inscribed just on the outer edge of a scar among twins, or 
what happens in the 50s in Vienna. This is the strongest fiction I have 
read in a long long time, and I hesitate to call it fiction; whatever it 
is, it is something else along the lines of philosophical psychology 
without the cleverness that characterizes so much in what might be 
considered a fallen genre. Read it.

Here are three O'Reilly books. The first is:

Google Hacks, Tips & Tools for Smarter Searching, Tara Calishain and Rael 
Dornfest, 2005. I've actually found this book indispensable, since I play 
with the API, Gmail, and so forth. It's like working a cranium, or a model 
of a cranium. This edition is far more useful than the first, since it 
covers the wide variety of material coming out of Google labs, as well as 
the usual material on the deep syntax of web searches. I'm surprised how 
valuable it's been. I have mixed feelings of Google itself - on one hand a 
commercial enterprise with over 100,000 computers - but on the other, an 
entrance, configured/corrupted into the fabric of knowledge itself. So I 
work with it; I could work with any number of other search engines, but 
Google is familiar, and does what I want it to. When I try other engines 
or access modes, I always return to this one, even with the advertising, 
etc. It's stripped down and oddly open, and the book is an excellent guide 
to all that it can do.

Second O'Reilly is Internet Annoyances: How to Fix the Most Annoying 
Things about Going Online, Preston Gralla, 2005. The format of the book 
itself is annoying; computer books at this point seem to divide into 
'serious' and therefore straight-forward text/diagrams - and 'home use' - 
with over the top production. This follows the latter, and as a result 
it's difficult to use, which is a shame because the information is quite 
useful. Unlike Google Hacks, the best way to use this book, unfortunately, 
is to read straight-through; otherwise you might miss something, and there 
are things to miss. This is for the non-geek net user, but I did find good 
material on software for connection speeds. Gralla himself is excellent.

The third of these - O'Reilly send them to me for review - I ask them - if 
the book looks promising or useful or valuable for cultural production of 
any sort - since I've very little money - I was a consultant on one of the 
Running Linux editions - that started it - is Home Hacking Projects for 
Geeks, Tony Northrup and Eric Faulkner, also 2005. So this summer I have a 
residency at the Grand Central Art Center in Santa Ana, and want to work 
more with hardware, and will be using this and the other books I mentioned 
in other reviews that deal with wiring and wireless and automation. This 
may be the best of the group, with clear text, etc. Some of the projects 
require hardware modification and some don't. A lot involve viewing - home 
theater, 'Watch Your House Across the Network,' tivo-ing a radio, 
monitoring a pet, etc., and the scripts, many for linux, will be useful 
enough. I yearn for the day when creating an installation will be simply a 
matter of linking components like modules or subroutines or old analog 
audio synthesizers. It's getting there, and books like these are guides 
along the way.

I found a copy of Frank Lloyd Wright's Drawings and Plans of Frank Lloyd 
Wright, The Early Period (1893-1909), a Dover reissue of an original 
German edition from Berlin 1910. This was a real surprise; here's either 
convergence or an incredible familiarity with Japanese Heian architecture; 
in any case the buildings are spread horizontally with negative spaces and 
all sorts of eave-ings that sink the structures into the plains. I thought 
I knew Wright - wrong! - and if you have a chance to find this, check it 
out. For some reason it was at a Barnes & Noble on sale for fifty cents 
(new).

Also by Dover, in the same sale, Introduction to Space Dynamics, William 
Tyrrell Thomson, from the first edition Wiley, 1963. I realize how little 
I understand the dynamics of space-flight, and this book explains it in 
detail. The mathematics is difficult; I get the 'general idea,' and that's 
enough at the moment. There's a lot of material on gyroscopic dynamics, 
torque of all sorts, etc. If this book were current, it would be 
accompanied by a cdrom with all sorts of demonstrations. Still, it's fun 
as it is, and certainly if you 'know math,' check it out.

Finally, the Pilgrims had chronicles, and I didn't know that, and found a 
book, Chronicles of the Pilgrim Fathers, published by Dent/Dutton 1910, 
introduction by John Masefield of all people. The chapters are New 
England's Memorial; Supplement to New England's Memorial; Cushman's 
Discourse; New England's Trials; Winslow's Relation; and Winslow's Brief 
Narrative and the material is fascinating. I've been reading these sorts 
of things, if sorts they are, for several years, after I found that 
Letters From an American Farmer (Crevecoeur) contained early material on 
Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania, where I was born. There were bitter and violent 
wars there and hunger and fury and fear and slaughter and it was in the 
middle of the north-east of the state and for the narrative, imminent. So 
the Pilgrim material is equally of interest, at least a century earlier; 
there is much on Native Americans that I hadn't seen. If you can find this 
or similar, read away; it's as astonishing as Hakluyt.

Finally - is anyone out there working with ELF radio? I'm interested in 
working with one. -


===


years ago i was jumping around
these are the images i just found

because i also found a mac powerbook g3 at the salvation army with 
accessories slurp slurp and extra memory for $99
and i was looking for my software disks to install lovely macisms
so there was this disk and these things and i thought why not

the susans

http://www.asondheim.org/susan.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/susan2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/susan3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/susangra.jpg

susan graham images from my susan graham works

the dings

http://www.asondheim.org/ding1.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/ding2.mp4

off the screen imagery, i was lazy, from mathematica transformations
you get the idea not the detail
oh sometimes this keyboard is skipping on me now
too much typing and thinking back hurts
call it a day, a day
call a night a night


__



000  0a 0a 74 68 65 20 62 79  74 65 73 0a 0a 0a 30 31  |..the bytes...01|
010  30 31 30 30 31 31 30 30  30 31 31 30 31 31 31 30  |0100110001101110|
020  31 30 31 31 31 30 31 30  31 31 30 30 31 31 31 30  |1011101011001110|
030  30 31 30 0a 30 30 31 30  31 30 30 30 31 30 31 30  |010.001010001010|
040  30 31 31 30 30 30 31 31  31 31 31 31 30 31 30 31  |0110001111110101|
050  31 31 30 31 30 31 31 30  30 0a 31 31 31 30 30 30  |110101100.111000|
060  30 30 31 31 30 31 30 30  30 31 30 31 30 30 31 31  |0011010001010011|
070  30 30 30 31 31 31 31 31  30 30 31 30 31 31 31 0a  |000111110010111.|
080  30 31 31 31 31 30 30 31  31 31 30 30 30 30 30 31  |0111100111000001|
090  31 30 30 30 30 31 31 30  30 30 30 31 31 30 30 30  |1000011000011000|

0101001100011011101011101011001110010
0010100010100110001111110101110101100
1110000011010001010011000111110010111
0111100111000001100001100001100011111
0011110011110011110000110000110000110
0001111001111001111001111100011000011
0000110000011100111101110100111110001
1001010001011000001110011010111010111
1110001100101000101000100111001101011
1010111011000100010100010100010001101
1101011101011001110010001010001010011
0001111110101110101100111000001101000
1010011000111110010111011110011100000
1100001100001100011111001111001111001
1110000110000110000110000111100111100
1111001111100011000011000011000001110
0111101110100111110001100101000101100
0001110011010111010111111000110010100
0101000100111001101011101011101100010
0010100010100010001101110101110101100
1110010001010001010011000111111010111
0101100111000001101000101001100011111
0010111011110011100000110000110000110
0011111001111001111001111000011000011
0000110000111100111100111100111110001
1000011000011000001110011110111010011
1110001100101000101100000111001101011
1010111111000110010100010100010011100
1101011101011101100010001010001010001
0001101110101110101100111001000101000
1010011000111111010111010110011100000
1101000101001100011111001011101111001
1100000110000110000110001111100111100
1111001111000011000011000011000011110
0111100111100111110001100001100001100
0001110011110111010011111000110010100
0101100000111001101011101011111100011
0010100010100010011100110101110101110
1100010001010001010001000110111010111
0101100111001000101000101001100011111
1010111010110011100000110100010100110
0011111001011101111001110000011000011
0000110001111100111100111100111100001
1000011000011000011110011110011110011
1110001100001100001100000111001111011
1010011111000110010100010110000011100
1101011101011111100011001010001010001
0011100110101110101110110001000101000
101000100011011101011101

0001111010110101101111111001010101001
1010000000110101010101010111111110101
0101010101100000001001011010101001111
1110010101001010010000000110101010110
1101111111001010101010101000000001010
1010101010011111110110110101010110000
0001001010010101001111111001010101101
0010000000110101010101010111111110101
0101010101100000001011001010101001111
1110110101101010110000000110101011010
1101111111001010101001101000000011010
1010101010111111110101010101010110000
0001001011010101001111111001010100101
0010000000110101010110110111111100101
0101010101000000001010101010101001111
1110110110101010110000000100101001010
1001111111001010101101001000000011010
1010101010111111110101010101010110000
0001011001010101001111111011010110101
0110000000110101011010110111111100101
0101001101000000011010101010101011111
1110101010101010110000000100101101010
1001111111001010100101001000000011010
1010110110111111100101010101010100000
0001010101010101001111111011011010101
0110000000100101001010100111111100101
0101101001000000011010101010101011111
1110101010101010110000000101100101010
1001111111011010110101011000000011010
1011010110111111100101010100110100000
0011010101010101011111111010101010101
0110000000100101101010100111111100101
0100101001000000011010101011011011111
1100101010101010100000000101010101010
1001111111011011010101011000000010010
1001010100111111100101010110100100000
0011010101010101011111111010101010101
0110000000101100101010100111111101101
0110101011000000011010101101011011111
1100101010100110100000001101010101010
1011111111010101010101011000000010010
1101010100111111100101010010100100000
0011010101011011011111110010101010101
0100000000101010101010100111111101101
1010101011000000010010100101010011111
1100101010110100100000001101010101010
1011111111010101010101011000000010110
0101010100111111101101011010101100000
001101010110101101111111

1011100111000101110100011000010110000
0000011100111101011111111100011101101
0100000000011101010010101111011110001
0001100010000100001110111001100111101
0110011000110011000011100110011100110
0101000011001100011001101011110111001
1101110000100001010110001000111101111
0101001010111000000000101011011000011
1111110010111100111000000000110100001
1000101111011001011110011101000010011
0100001101010101101100101111001010101
1010011100000010101010010000001111110
1000101101110110000001011101001000100
1101110100000110011011001100101111100
1100100110011011010011001101100110000
0101110110010001001011101000100110111
0110100010111111000000100101010100000
0111011011010101011111010011011010101
0110000101100100001011100111101001101
1110100011000010110010000101110011110
1001111111110001100001010000000001110
0010010101111111110001010110101000010
0001110111001110111101111000100011001
1000010100110011100110011110001100110
0011001101011110011001110011001010000
1000110001000111101111010100111011100
0010000101011010100011111111101010010
0111100000000110100001100011111111100
1011110011101000010011010000110001011
1101100101111001010101001001101000011
0101010010110001111110101010110111111
0000001011101001000100111111010001011
0111011001000101111100110010011001101
0000011001101100110010010110011001001
1001111101000100110111011010001011101
1001000100101110100000011111101101010
1011111100010010010101010000010110010
0101010100111101001101111010001100001
0110010000101110011110100110111101000
1100001011000000000111001111010111111
1110001110110101000000000111010100101
0111101111000100011000100001000011101
1100110011110101100110001100110000111
0011001110011001010000110011000110011
0101111011100111011100001000010101100
0100011110111101010010101110000000001
0101101100001111111100101111001110000
0000011010000110001011110110010111100
11101000010011010000




The Broken Promises of Hildegard von Bingen


Feb 16, 2005 23:03:26

TEST 1:

The first step is to check your radio.

Your radio is working properly.

PROBLEM: Your radio is off.

Testing completed.

Feb 16, 2005 23:03:44

Additional Information:

   |............)...|
   |..............'.|
   |................|
   |.........('.....|
   |..'.2.......'...|
   |.......d......0u|
   |.d............".|
   |................|
   |................|
   |............][  |
   |...radioradio...|



_



Stealing miEKAL, aND

mIEKAL aND            Re: ))))))) [[[[[[[[[ pale]]]]]]]]]]shores(((((((((
k10% hello miEKAL this is an identity theft.
ksh: hello: not found
k11% i now have your identity.
ksh: i: not found
k12% can you guess what your identity "is"?
ksh: can: not found
k13% perhaps you guess and then you can have your identity back.
ksh: perhaps: not found
k14% it is very good you have guess Cythia!
Looking up Cythia! firstwww.Cythia!.com, guessing...edunetorg
Getting file://localhost/net/u/6/s/sondheim/Cythia!
Can't Access `file://localhost/net/u/6/s/sondheim/Cythia!'
Alert!: Unable to access document.


Looking up Cythia! first
Looking up www.Cythia!.com, guessing...
Looking up www.Cythia!.edu, guessing...
Looking up www.Cythia!.net, guessing...
Looking up www.Cythia!.org, guessing...
Can't Access `file://localhost/net/u/6/s/sondheim/Cythia!'
Alert!: Unable to access document.

lynx: Can't access startfile 
k15% you are right! Cythia your identity!
ksh: you: not found
k16% i will give your identity back and you will have your identity!
ksh: i: not found
k17% it is so wonderful to be give back your identity here it is!
Looking up is! firstwww.is!.com, guessing...edunetorg
Getting file://localhost/net/u/6/s/sondheim/is!
Can't Access `file://localhost/net/u/6/s/sondheim/is!'
Alert!: Unable to access document.


Looking up is! first
Looking up www.is!.com, guessing...
Looking up www.is!.edu, guessing...
Looking up www.is!.net, guessing...
Looking up www.is!.org, guessing...
Can't Access `file://localhost/net/u/6/s/sondheim/is!'
Alert!: Unable to access document.

lynx: Can't access startfile 
k18% identity over and thank you!      you MiEKAL!
ksh: identity: not found
k19% thank you!
k20% thank you!
k21% thank you!


___


happy and healthy assistance.

Sophistry is a hydra, of which, if all the necks
could be disposed, the force would be destroyed.
                               -  Jeremy Bentham

assistance.
way.
being.
like.
and healthy.


(new).


much any more.

assistance.
way.
being.
how you feel.
like.
what you want.
and healthy.


along the way.
(new).

thank you.

fallacies of _danger_ (including vituperative personalities);
the subject-matter of which is the suggestion of danger in 
various shapes--and the object _to repress altogether,_ on the
ground of such danger, the _discussion_ proposed to be entered
on.                                          
                                             -  Jeremy Bentham


___


discussion proposed and entered


a letter i wasn t expecting you to write me m little sad and confused 
myself not very happy when living in limbo even though it hurt lose feels 
better than wondering if would ever decide how felt about cut things off 
because wanted move on say that don want feel or have been feeling but we 
need communicate what exactly do else is there besides the absence of 
guess best came up with was just weren into all much any more waste my 
time someone who isn hurts lot be says maybe he loves hints finds pretty 
unpleasant like huge disappointment for now can disappointed still angry 
love good enough name our problems are so see those could fixed faith 
without professional assistance ready getting therapy yourself said first 
s waiting anyway think re right feelings never able make trying solve own 
anyone until either far worse one needs spare effort wish didn this way 
part figure out magic thing everything work end us manipulate situation 
control ve gotta doing miss heart left long ago got used being gone memory 
from were god met amazing creative an extraordinary thought too somehow 
both self esteem excitement world slowly eroded beginning artificial 
exaggerated emerge real looking help blaming making bad know responsible 
why cutting talk anymore go through agony hoping especially wouldn commit 
also prove enjoy unstable drama loving doesn give only terms healthy 
longer wants singing face get attention misses asked come over thursday 
night yes no nothing years jumping around these images found slurp extra 
software disks install lovely disk susans susan jpg susangra graham works 
dings ding mp screen imagery lazy mathematica transformations idea detail 
oh sometimes keyboard skipping typing thinking back call day bytes broken 
promises hildegard von bingen feb test step check your radio working 
properly problem testing completed additional information d u radioradio 
stealing pale shores k hello identity theft ksh perhaps then cythia 
firstwww com guessing edunetorg file localhost net sondheim access alert 
unable document edu lynx startfile will wonderful here thank sophistry 
hydra which necks disposed force destroyed jeremy bentham new along 
fallacies danger including vituperative personalities subject matter 
suggestion various shapes object repress altogether ground such discussion 
proposed entered


==


Examples for Normal


This trip worries me. I haven't been away from home for years. It's true!
They let me go, they really did! I didn't ask for it. I was too upset -
I've always been upset... I remember that day I was walking in the woods
with you and we came upon the bodies. We didn't know what to do! I thought
to myself, God must be terrific to let me find these bodies! We kneeled
and prayed. A great light filled the forest clearing, and we heard a voice
telling us to put our hands up and leave the crime scene. In no time at
all, we were jailed. Later the famous lawyer, Normal Siegel, freed us. At
this point we are celebrities, and that's why I'm here. Think of me as
"the guy who found the bodies in the woods" and you will have a good time!

this trip worries me i haven t been away from home for years it s true 
they let go really did didn ask was too upset ve always remember that day 
walking in the woods with you and we came upon bodies know what to do 
thought myself god must be terrific find these kneeled prayed a great 
light filled forest clearing heard voice telling us put our hands up leave 
crime scene no time at all were jailed later famous lawyer normal siegel 
freed point are celebrities why m here think of as guy who found will have 
good

Th= tr!p uorr!ez me. ! havent been awa! from home 4 yearz. !tz true!
Dze! let me go, dze! real! d!d! ! d!dnt azk 4 !t. ! uaz 2 upzet -
!ve alwayz been upzet... ! remembr dzat da! ! uaz ualk!ng !n dze uoodz
w!th u + ue kame upon dze bod!ez. Ue d!dnt knou uhat 2 do! ! dzought
2 myzelv, God muzt b trr!v!k 2 let me f9nd dzeze bod!ez! Ue kneeled
+ prayed. A great l!ght v!led dze 4ezt klear!ng, + ue heard a vo!sz
tel!ng uz 2 put our handz up + leave dze kr!me zzene. !n no t!me at
al, ue ure ja!led. Latr dze famouz lawyr, Norml Z!egl, freed uz. At
th= po!nt ue r zelebr!t!ez, + dzatz uh! !m hre. Dz!nk ov me az
"dze gu! uho found dze bod!ez !n dze uoodz" + u u!l have a good t!me!

true! It's years. for home from away been haven't I me. worries trip This 
- upset too was I it. for ask didn't I did! really they go, me let They 
woods the in walking was I day that remember I upset... been always I've 
thought I do! to what know didn't We bodies. the upon came we and you with 
kneeled We bodies! these find me let to terrific be must God myself, to 
voice a heard we and clearing, forest the filled light great A prayed. and 
at time no In scene. crime the leave and up hands our put to us telling 
At us. freed Siegel, Normal lawyer, famous the Later jailed. were we all, 
as me of Think here. I'm why that's and celebrities, are we point this 
time! good a have will you and woods" the in bodies the found who guy "the 

This been trip away worries from me. home I for haven't years. been It's 
away true! from This home trip for worries years. me. It's I true! haven't 
They ask let for me it. go, I they was really too did! upset didn't They 
ask let it. go, was really too did! upset I - didn't I've that always day 
upset... was remember in that the day woods walking been in upset... the I 
woods remember with We you didn't and know we what came to upon do! 
bodies. thought We with know and what we to came do! upon thought bodies. 
myself, let God me must find be these terrific bodies! find myself, these 
God bodies! must kneeled terrific prayed. forest A clearing, great and 
light we filled heard forest voice clearing, and heard great a light voice 
filled telling leave us the put scene. our In hands no up time leave 
telling crime to scene. put In our no hands time up at and all, the were 
lawyer, jailed. Normal Later Siegel, famous us. lawyer, At Normal all, 
Siegel, we freed were us. jailed. At Later this that's point why are here. 
celebrities, Think that's me why as I'm this here. point Think we of are 
as and "the woods" guy and who you found will bodies a woods" "the will 
found have the good in time! the

trip I and trip away have This home time!  years. This It's I true! from 
true! years. trip It's let worries It's they haven't years. did! from for 
didn't years. for ask let for for they for for didn't It's for I true! ask 
upset me didn't I've really I been didn't I upset... it. I I upset I I 
been ask I remember for upset... I was been in upset been woods been 
always with remember always you was always you woods upset... you and I 
with upon that woods We was woods know woods the what and the to the woods 
to know with to do! you what to we what must the know terrific didn't 
didn't to do! didn't let myself, know let terrific what let me to to 
bodies! I to and myself, terrific A be terrific great me be light We 
terrific light prayed. to light filled let light clearing, find great 
heard We A voice prayed. A telling filled prayed. us and A to a great us 
to light us hands the telling leave and voice crime a voice scene. to 
voice In hands voice no the telling In no us In all, put scene. jailed. up 
crime the the crime famous no crime lawyer, all, crime Normal Later scene. 
Normal Normal In lawyer, us. time famous point we famous are Later the 
celebrities, lawyer, the and us. the that's we famous that's and lawyer, 
and here. Siegel, celebrities, me At celebrities, "the we are guy and are 
who here. are found as celebrities, found who and who in why who and Think 
guy will as "the have who "the good in "the good you guy good a who a the 
a in have you will a will will have a time!

others. alan, she said, stop it.
others. alan, she said, stop it.
aimed his gun in my direction
born and later in 1967
but ghosts come always back and furious
genre. why didn't other people tell
insanity everywhere in this world, among friends and
me what i was doing, i'd have been able
nonfictionally. i've seen far too much
on above the cliffs or over
or sometime lost my
picture. in 1943 i was
the darkness of the hurtling
them. i didn't know better about
unbearable. sexuality became a furious
violence and the tension is
virginity just about the time a soldier
when we were floating over the 
world. i still live there; i'm a
aimed his gun in my direction
but ghosts come always back and furious
coward, fearful of any
father in a healthier fashion, even the
genre. why didn't other people tell
impetus against the wall of writing from which i
insanity everywhere in this world, among friends and
me what i was doing, i'd have been able
on above the cliffs or over
or sometime lost my
picture. in 1943 i was
the darkness of the hurtling
them. i didn't know better about
to work out the relations with my
unbearable. sexuality became a furious
violence and the tension is
virginity just about the time a soldier
when we were floating over the 
world. i still live there; i'm a
aimed his gun in my direction
born and later in 1967
but ghosts come always back and furious

 point we are celebritie k for it. I wa elf, God mu walking in the wood 
Thi point we are celebritie "the guy who found the bodie been up to put 
our hand up and leave the crime et... I remember that day I wa Thi trip 
worrie with you and we came upon the bodie point we are celebritie "the 
guy who found the bodie up and leave the crime et... I remember that day I 
wa too up t be terrific to let me find the "the guy who found the bodie " 
and you will have a good time! t clearing, and we heard a voice telling u 
. We didn't know what to do! I thought to my t clearing, and we heard a 
voice telling u in the wood up and leave the crime cene. In no time at 
all, we were jailed. Later the famou "the guy who found the bodie why I'm 
here. Think of me a

!eurt s'tI .sraey rof emoh morf yawa neeb t'nevah I .em seirrow pirt sihT
- tespu oot saw I .ti rof ksa t'ndid I !did yllaer yeht ,og em tel yehT
sdoow eht ni gniklaw saw I yad taht rebmemer I ...tespu neeb syawla ev'I
thguoht I !od ot tahw wonk t'ndid eW .seidob eht nopu emac ew dna uoy htiw
deleenk eW !seidob eseht dnif em tel ot cifirret eb tsum doG ,flesym ot
eciov a draeh ew dna ,gniraelc tserof eht dellif thgil taerg A .deyarp dna
ta emit on nI .enecs emirc eht evael dna pu sdnah ruo tup ot su gnillet
tA .su deerf ,lageiS lamroN ,reywal suomaf eht retaL .deliaj erew ew ,lla
sa em fo knihT .ereh m'I yhw s'taht dna ,seitirbelec era ew tniop siht
!emit doog a evah lliw uoy dna "sdoow eht ni seidob eht dnuof ohw yug eht"

me I t It s me go I t it I I ve I I in we We t to do I to be to me We A we 
a us to up In no at we us At we s I m of me as in a really heard years 
that what that leave away prayed did and God and and and and and bodies 
bodies bodies didn didn the the the the the are the the the clearing great 
freed kneeled Siegel been been scene these They they light voice jailed 
crime Think point trip This this ask all celebrities walking will filled 
telling home came time time remember famous find hands too who good woods 
woods from upon thought know for for our were here forest Normal worries 
terrific was was myself upset upset must let let put Later with you you 
true found have haven always lawyer day why guy


===


computr 1hz puls
http://www.asondheim.org/capt.jpg
found a 1920 electrocardiograph machine today
this isn't it
this is an old photograph of real growth
speed 1hz no storage
welcome to the real world


_


Chant For Those Who Think I'm An Asshole: Sure!


I agree! No doubt! True! True enough! Absolutely! Sure thing! Certainly! 
Yes! Naturally! Definitely! my only I ways! only agree! Yes! can to I can 
I Of I agree! right! I I should don't I've I right! agree! agree!  
definitely agree!  have No you're can right! You're only right! You 
absolutely you're be agree! can You're have can I don't I Of right!  
you're I right! You're No agree!  I should have known! corrected! 
Certainly! ways! you're me my I of of can Naturally! of only Of righter! 
right Absolutely! True right and enough! You're Sure convinced You 
couldn't be righter! You've shown me the error of my ways! You've got me 
there! me! right! Yes! me You've Yes! my surely Yes! Naturally! convinced 
ways! I definitely agree! definitely doubt agree!  I should known!  doubt 
agree! right! should agree! I should definitely can should have only right 
surely shown I'm You've error thing! You've my You've right! ways! You're 
completely right! You're right and I'm wrong! I can only agree! I can only 
agree! True! right! enough! definitely No True You've certainly True! me 
couldn't I've got to agree! You've definitely convinced me! You've surely 
convinced me! and there! convinced thing! there! convinced You've You're 
convinced me! You're absolutely correct! You're certainly correct! I stand 
corrected! course True! you're course True You're course enough! You 
course enough! Of course you're right! Of course you're right! Absolutely! 
completely You've Absolutely! You've Absolutely! there! surely I don't 
doubt you're right! righter! Absolutely! True! righter! You're You've 
righter! right You've


===


Cute

I lost an 'e'! Please help me find it! No, it isn't that 'e' and it isn't 
that one (now quite a few words after the other and before this) either. I 
don't know where it went! It wasn't alone, at least I don't think it was 
alone. It was in the middle of a word! At the beginning! The ending! The 
feminine ending (for perhaps it wasn't english at all - the word or the 
piece it was in - if it was in a piece - I should say 'were' in a piece - 
there's two more 'e's but it's not them, I'm sure of it)! Or some such - 
how can one be sure of anything nowadays? In any case, I'm sure you'd 
recognize it; you could tell perhaps by its indolent expression, suave 
self-assuredness. Perhaps it's disguised, however, perhaps run away! It's 
a sign of the times - you can't count on letters any more, at least not 
belles lettres filled with 'e's - there's a kind of immigration here - 
where did they come from? For that matter, where are they going? They know 
something, they're not telling - that's about as far as I can take it! 
It's definitely well-hidden (not there, with its two 'e's, nor hidden in 
hidden, although something is?)! Be careful! Please help! Thank you! 

Little 'e', come home to roam!
Little 'e', come home to Rome!


=


normal performance


>> on the left you're watching the recent revolution in the ukraine on the 
right the end of empire signalled by the presence of
infinite viewpoints berlin 1939 new york 2002 in the middle anya warming up

anya goes into a trance. everything disappears. the world remains outside 
of anya. nothing is inside anya. nothing.

anya believe in the world but the world is not there and anya is there in 
the world.

this is the beginning of everything in the show which is not everything in 
the world.

you can see
you can see how the computer makes me make mistakes

in america at the moment we are a divided nation but we are the strongest 
nation in the world and 2 into one is one half. we are one half of a 
nation we are crippled. in a book I am currently reading by Stefan Zweig 
there is a crippled girl and the motto of the book is

beware of pity.
we are at an impasse. we are lost.

i cannot see 'what i am typing' or if i see 'what i am typing' i do not 
see my speech and do not hear my speech. you have one or the other one you 
either speak or you are spoken to. in the history of empire, it's one or 
the Other: you speak or you are spoken to.

there is no speech in dance. there is nothing in dance, absolutely 
nothing. there is the body and the body is nothing.

now about these people.

these people want you to know something about them.
these people are the victims of a 'massacre.'
i put 'massacre' in quotation marks because who can tell 
what is a massacre
and what isn't?
it's all confused. fox news says it isn't a massacre. cbc says it is.
abc nbc cbs say wait and see who knows if it's a massacre or not.
very many people have died!
they are people of all colors!
they have different shapes.

animals have different shapes too and there are many dead animals.

I bet you didn't know animal species are disappearing at the rate of three 
to four AN HOUR on the planet! not individual animals, but entire species.

humans are one species and they're still around. if they weren't around I 
bet there'd be more species! I'd bet a lot.

but back to the massacre. maybe a lot of humans died. we don't even count 
animals. did you know that hundreds of thousands of birds - birds - died 
during the World Trade Center bombing and its aftermath?

after the bombing and the building collapse, a year later, there were 
memorials -

huge columns of light!
beautiful light, incredible light!
where the world trade center was wonderful light!
the light went through - right through - the migration paths of birds! 
50,000 *ti y try typing inthe dark!) - fifty thousand birds died because 
of the light! seventeen times as many people as died in the world trade 
center! it was a terrific memorial!

anya dances and she doesn't know what or why she's dancing or what the 
machine is doing just outside the studio or why those people on the right 
are just broken up like that.

she doesn't have a clue.
things fall apart, but the book is based on africa.
late at night i can't sleep. i have nightmares.

in this war, now, 150000 iraqi have been killed and many americans and 
people of other nations and in the last iraqi war 165000 wwere killed, 
beween father and son that is over 300000 people and hiroshima, the 
dropping of the bomb, killed how many, perhaps 150000 killed. how many 
romani were killed in world war two. how many armenians early on. when did 
the species start disappearing.

i was asked to do a piece about death and i did a piece about birth and 
death they are not the same but they are conne3ct and they are connect to 
sex this is connect to sex this is the film over and over until you want 
the body to disappear.

when a species disappear you know it's really gone, nothing can bring it 
back, not all the dna banks in the world.

i'm sorry about this. i should tell you what i know about normal illinois. well there is hot water in the men's room. i know that for a fact because i tried the faucet and it went lukewarm on me. but i didn't wait for it to get hot, i didn't have time. but i'm sure it would do that if i had waited. the monument in the image is to the dead from siberia in 1031.

that was 1931.

these are the dead but things are falling apart.

you can't bury them and you can't carry on much longer. it's as if the 
body's been taken away by inscription. inscription of empire. but we can 
reclaim bodies, write on them:

but what we write on each other is only of interest to the censors! it 
doesn't matter. what we're saying doesn't matter. it's like the koranic 
interlude of reason. have you read the koran? avicenna? averroes? have you 
read the bible? the sutras? upanishads?

have you written on your body? in the midst of the most secret dreams of 
the world have you written on your body? in your nightmares? tattoos? 
something deeper, more private? written on the inside? operations? plastic 
surgeries? ways to stay alive?

in this piece of the bodies there are five cameras. the sound triggers the 
cameras and creates the edits. the sound is making the movie.

now in this piece, nothing is doing the edits. it's just a shamanic body 
in midair.

it's just a woman cut by glass.
she's moving the way i tell her to.
she's wearing whatever i tell her to
i told her not to wear anything at all.

now there's a skeleton behind the shaman and the shaman is controlling the 
skeleton or the skeleton is controlling the shaman because the skeleton is 
her animal.

i didn't tell her to dance this way but someone else did. how, alan, is 
that possible. because someone else worked the machinery that made the 
movements so she coulddance. and if someone else didn't work the machinery 
she wouldn't move at all. she's a file and you can kill her by entering 
"delete" although she's also a file and you can kill her by entering 
"kill."

Hello, my object.

Kathy Acker wouldcalll this the empire of the senseless.

See wha happens, there's a glitch in the presentation - why not? and 
everyone gets restless. time for lunch! or maybe say something or other, I 
don't know, what would you say? this stuff is pretty weird, I'm not sure 
what he's getting at, he seems to have forgotten the massacres, is it him 
or the computer thats acting up, doesn't he know how to use punctuation. 
damn, it just slowed again, all by itself.... just so you know this is 
actually a conversastion between Sandy Baldwin and myself on the 
fundamental difference between analog and digital regimes in the world.

but it got changed in the process, I don't think Sandy even knows it 
sounded like this.

honest, there were no changes at all. we were busy watching these 
creatures doing their thing near the ceiling.

this is what we were doing.

these made the stick imagery you see on the left. the stick imagery made 
files. the files were imported into a program that clothed them into 
avatars. the avatars were played against background images edited in 
another program.

we can send shortly. this is stuff that was shot in the evergaldes. we had 
to escape people in miami, i think anyone in their right mind would want 
to escape people in miami, so we weent to the everglades. we were there in 
the middle of the night talking with snakes and alligators and in the 
daytime wading through stuff and taking photographs of just about 
everything. it's not entertainment but it's the best we've got.

the dancer will dance for you for a little bit and we will end this piece 
called
"The Derailment of Massacre"
which pretty much sums things up.
thank you and for questions now.
(somewhere along the way i got lost


_


   sadness in normal

   "the man
   next to me is howling into the phone" Wrong boolean value 'false'
   wrong value wrong value
   101k true we see ROY NEILL, Karen's husband, a well-built
   man, watching the 11 transmit [#S{4l6 calls
   me. Roy runs cold water in the sink next to
   Lew and throws it ...
   His receptionist told me to call the next
   closest vet in Fairview and this I did quickly. This man
   and I had no relationship. ...
   rnings-L.Gregory/Page1.htm 56k true the child. And at
   12 oclock the next evening it I heard that one
   Connor was dead - a man that I an officers
   servant lodged in the same house as me, and was ...
   I sat next to this pleasant Indian/British
   man who was THIS IS A NIGHTMARE&..WAKE
   ME UP PLEASE, I WANNA GO HOME &WHY ARE MY WINDOWS OPENED
   true Suddenly the air around me had changed, it was
   sharper, it snapped and cracked with electricity. Did
   she find herself sitting next to a wolf-man? ...
   My backpack was on the floor of the office, right
   next to my boots he shouted, and I did, and the
   bag sagged over with me. Look, said the
   nice man holding the ...
   Pitching, rolling, engine vibrations and the wind howling
   around the box She held onto the man next
   to her. He studied me, a half-smile on his apprehensive face
   ...
   .asp 54k true A man I assumed to be the bags
   owner gallantly bent down to help me up. &lt;&lt;
   Previous Jessica #2 - Sophisticated Wooing Strategy, Next
   &gt;&gt; Jessica #4 ...
   &lt;&lt;PREVIOUS NEXT&gt;&gt; [DIARY ARCHIVES him to
   a full-length mirror and suck out his
   man-force. This This newer request was
   for me to be a female werewolf (werevixen ...
   Next to a garbage pit, a man talking on a
   he jumped up and started singing and doing a goofy,
   insane dance to, and looked at me as if he expected me
   to join the man next to me is howling into the phone
   and the wrong value and false


   ===



normal examples

probably my tiny budding breasts, how am i to know, what are you talking 
about:my sailor boy is wearing my skin and there's nothing left and i 
can't get in:they call me a furious thirteen yearold girl on the verge of 
puberty who has run away with a sailor to japan:purse:
Your depressed arm  is in my poor my first lipstick
Devour depressed arm julu-of-the partying probably my tiny budding 
breasts, how am i to know, what are you talking about!

http://www.asondheim.org/brood.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/brood2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/antenna2.jpg

n b l my b ntr ding the pace everywhere, even in the c unami n b dy b ding 
the fl ding the l wer acce tant wavelet fl unami f b nfine till, y r in 
full, tum wn teady- wer acce tant wavelet fl dy and it' fl l my b wn 
teady- f the Net. Thinking i aid " _fl ating/dr u c wning_ Jennifer, luti 
luti f participant aid " _fl wer acce tant wavelet fl f the Net. Thinking 
i aid " _fl ding luti wn teady- f number,_ wning_ Jennifer, rie - c ur w r 
a _ f the Net. Thinking i turned the matrix n , mi ive dy mem rld, le fl 
ding n , mi ive ding, di ence nnecti d-fl n i fair w ding ur w ugh the 
river m mmunalitie kin. Fir ..."  Liquid air, radi nnecti dy mem ding, my 
h mmunalitie kin. Fir ..."  Liquid air, radi m light, e very w ice fl 
ding, that inert event, that . In thi alan- t fl n, a i mmunalitie kin. 
Fir ..."  Liquid air, radi d-fl m light, e very w ver y ur century. A w n, 
a i mmunalitie kin. Fir ..."  Liquid air, radi re and c aking, t "in ca 
might make it. Seagull i ding river tream fl f fl rld' fl aking, t "in ca 
might make it. Seagull i n, a , fl n thing red really b killed.  MUD. a fl 
ur century. A w n, a , fl f breeding falc ding. If fla d, meared with it i 
ding. If fla ur century. A w rld' fl ur binding, my plit d d-fl n n d-fl u 
mean t ding. Wiped, fl ding and bl d n ding and bl ating, fl re and the 
matrix d-fl n - emi ;  plit d u mean t l my b dy and it' , t re and the 
matrix d-fl re and m u ible cata ide. Y f the _ tran urvive any cata tr f 
h ugh the river m y ating, fl pe ter phe, wn thr l my b f the net. 
Thinking i fluid, c u c p d phe) depend tage. The train in n capture 
catching the cata hall prevent cata tr p d dy and it' , t f h ugh radiati 
u tr f cata e wh n capture catching the cata hall prevent cata tr phe at 
the t pe ter ut hall prevent cata cata cata hall prevent cata [ when n m m 
ti n ; chemical cata tr ti n fabric, m ut n fabric, m f cata e wh n 
capture catching the cata hall prevent cata tr m uldn't tran a a hcard 
went dead.  'Natural di m aning a a lati f cata e wh pe , the face lati f) 
fam llap ) carefully di ter after di a ite di ter f di ed by) the 
accumulati adca ure,_ vi re murder t Me l ut a await the c f writing, the 
lure the y f writing, the a pent fuel pending ter uldn't tran a a hcard 
went dead.  'Natural di m re murder ary.  The mi a .vehicle a ter 
.finger.vehicle alt.di lu a in t flunked f encr dy and ung war di me|| it 
a ter ter, that there i me|| it n . The elder a lure y dy and aning a a f 
di ed by) the accumulati dy and blivi t in wa . The elder a lure y f the b 
a await the c ung int f mind, writing epitaphic writing between and 
writing t f mind, writing epitaphic writing between and writing ng ag dy 
and ng ag f writing The i becau in "the between writing a b t epitaph ay 
are b n b t in wa . The elder a lure y teric, deliri f c cati t in wa u I 
cann cati ll dy, the "the cann t epitaph ay are b dy cann nd treat


===


antenns

http://www.asondheim.org/anten1.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/anten2.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/antensex.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/antensex1.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/antensex2.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/antensex3.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/antenburst.gif
anten radiation configured plot for antenna/sex body absorption
or emanation, Jennifer says absorption, Nikuko says emanation


___


Death & Memory of Cock Robin


'Who kill'd Cock Robin?
 I, said the Sparrow,
With my bow and arrow,
 I kill'd Cock Robin.

Who saw him die?
 I, said the Fly,
With my little eye,
 I saw him die.'

Who saw him fall?
 I, said the Rule,
With hammer and with awl,
 I saw him fall.

Who saw him flayed?
 I, said the Moon,
As I danced and played,
 I saw him flayed.

Who heard his screams?
 I, said the Mind,
In my darkest dreams,
 I heard his screams.

Who turned away?
 I, said the Sun,
I was busy with the day,
 I turned away.

Who mourned and cried?
 I, said the Lark,
Someone else has died,
 I mourned and cried.

Who has time to mourn?
 I, said the Worm,
There's nothing left to harm,
 I have time to mourn.

Who bears the grave?
 I, said the Auk,
There's still a soul to save,
 I bear the grave.

Who prays for years?
 I, said Cock Robin,
For nameless are my fears,
 I'll pray for years.


==


The Image 

http://www.asondheim.org/normalcar.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/bournen.png

847	5	144	138	148	
99	4	78.500	76	84	
209	5	129.600	84	148	
333	10	107.800	72	148	
516	100	113.640	72	148	
553	9	101.111	72	146	
731	46	76.348	72	88	
847	5	144	138	148	
885	4	147	146	148	
893	7	145.143	142	148	
906	8	144.750	136	148	
915	9	144.667	142	148	
919	10	145.600	142	148	
929	7	144.857	142	148	
933	5	146	144	148	
956	15	144.533	138	148	
967	7	145.143	142	148	
970	7	144.857	140	148	
973	8	146.250	142	148	
1012	5	147.200	144	148	
1034	16	144.750	138	148	
1075	15	74.933	72	84	
1079	21	76	72	86	
1095	18	77.667	72	88	
1113	4	77.500	72	84	

===


The Complete Tribune Primer

Eugene Field, 1901

Selections (probably written 1881-83):


THE MOTHERLESS INFANT

The Man has a Baby. The Baby is Three weeks 
Old. Its Mamma Died two Years ago. Poor
little Baby! Do you not Feel Sorry for It?

THE MUD

The Mud is in the Street. The Lady has on a
pair of Red Stockings. She is Trying to Cross
the Street. Let us all give Three cheers for the
Mud.

THE GUN

This is a gun. Is the Gun loaded? Really, I do
not know. Let us Find out. Put the Gun on
the table, and you, Susie, blow down one barrel,
while you, Charlie, blow down the other. Bang!
Yes, it was loaded. Run quick, Jennie, and pick up
Susie's head and Charlie's lower Jaw before the
Nasty Blood gets over the New carpet.

THE COAL-HOD

Oh, how nice and Black the Coal-Hod is! Run,
children, Run quick and put your Little Fat
hands in it. Mercy me, your Hands are as Black as
the Coal-Hod now! Hark! Mamma is Coming.
She will spank you when she Finds your Hands so
Dirty. Better go and Rub the Black Dirt off on
the Wall Paper before she Comes.

THE NAUGHTY RAT

The Rat is Gnawing at the Baby's Ear. The
Baby is in the cradle, and is so Little it cannot
Help itself. Oh, how Piteously it is Crying! The
Rat does not care a Cent, and keeps Eating away at
the Baby's Ear. When it gets this Ear eaten off it
will Crawl over the Baby's neck and eat the other
Ear. Where is the Baby's Mamma? She is Down 
in the Back Yard Talking over the fence to the
neighbors about her New Dress. You must Tell 
your Mamma never to Leave you Alone in the
Cradle, or a Rat may Eat off your Poor little Ears.

SLEEPY KITTY

The Cat is Asleep on the Rug. Step on her Tail
and See if she will Wake up. Oh, no; She will
not wake. She is a heavy Sleeper. Perhaps if you
Were to saw her Tail off with the Carving knife
you might Attract hr attention. Suppose you try.

THE AWFUL BUGABOO

Oh, what a Bad Mamma to Leave Little Esther
allAlone in the Dark Room. No wonder Es-
ther is Crying. She is afraid a Big Bugaboo will
come down the Chimney and Eat her up. Bugaboos
like to Eat little Children. Did you ever see a Buga-
boo with its Big Fire Eyes and Cold Teeth all over
Blood? The next Time Mamma leaves you Alone 
in a Dark room, perhaps One will Come to Eat you.

THE DEEP WELL

The Well is very Dark and Deep. There is Nice
Cool Water in the Well. If you Lean way Over
the Side, maybe you will Fall in the Well and down
in the Dear Water. We will Give you some Candy
if you will Try. There is a Sweet Little Birdie in
the bottom of the Well. Your Mamma would be 
Surprised to find you in the Well, would she not?

THE WASP

See the Wasp. He has pretty yellow Stripes
around his Body, and a Darning Needle in his 
Tail. If you Will Pat the Wasp upon the Tail, we
will Give You a Nice Picture Book.

THE HIRED GIRL

This is an Hired girl. She has Something in
her Hand. It is a Can, and there is Coal Oil
inside. The Hired Girl is going to Light a Fire in
the Kitchen Stove. She has been Disappointed in 
Love, and Desires to Die. She will Put some of the
Pil in the Stove, and Light it with a Match. In
about half a Minute she will be Twanging a Gold
Harp among the Elect in Heaven.

THE POET

Who is this Creature with Long Hair and a
Wild Eye? He is a poet. He writes Poems
on Spring and Women's Eyes and Strange, unreal
Things of that Kind. He is always Wishing he
was Dead, but he wouldn't Let anybody Kill him if
he could Get away. A mighty good Sausage 
Stuffer was Spoiled when the Man became a Poet.
He would Look well Standing under a Descending
Pile Driver.

THE SEWING MACHINE

Here is a Sewing Machine. It was Made for
little Children to Play with. Put your Feet on
the Treadle and Make the Wheels go round Fast.
See how the Thread unwinds and the Needle bobs
up and down! This is Lots of Fun. Do not Deny
baby the privilege of Putting his Fat little Finger
under the Needle. It will Make pretty holes in the
Finger and give Baby something to occupy his At-
tention for a Long time.

AN EPITAPH

Here lies the body of Mary Ann,
 Who rests in the bosom of Abraham.
It's all very nice for Mary Ann,
 But it's mighty tough on Abraham.


===


as if this were a performance

CATALYST >> which it is not. it is
a cyclone of performance, you have it all, there are
no images, no sound coming through, no interactive, 
no audience.
nothing but the typing as if there were, 
as if i were somewhere else. look, for example, out of that
window, there is nothing, but perhaps would be, at anothertime. inside my 
mind i woke up this morning, terrified,
of starvation, this drives me, thinking about Sam Harri's book on 
religion and rationality and terror as well, it is brilliant, but perhaps
not as brilliant as that man walkin on the roof of the church
or was it a factory, visible
from the back window here where we live, then figured
perhaps if i kill myself azure will survive, better,
then how selfish that would be, she would inherit what i have, 
but then i wouldn't be around in my moody neurotic self
which is stressed to encompass death, i think, at every moment, or am
hypochondriac, perhaps that is spelled wrong, i am reason a novel by 
the partner of my daughter and it is brilliant, but what can i do
in the world
nothing, i will aNSWER	 that, of no audience here, money is everything,
we would use momney against them and keep just enough for ourselves,
welived on azure's students loans last semester, just that, and soe small
extras but small, i think perhaps thirteen thousand altogether, we have
to pay back, the cost of this place, my life, is less than a cannon
or a car, less than a vacatoin or a spa,
more than a country or a village, but we have our ecological footprint
reduced as much as possible, it is recyling all the way except for
equipment which strangles me, yesterday found a book for two dollars
in german on the current state of scientific research into elctricity
at that point which was 1781, there it was waiting for me, now
there is money all around me, if i could only take it 
i'd heal myself heal the world, another book, a dictionary from 1848
french into english and english into french, many words i have not known
in either language, i am working through the archives of the world
i will reach the end
i will die at that point and all the archives will die with me
and wittgenstein
azure will continue and my relatives will continue and my friends
there are some friends who are already no longer continuing
i should consider muyself lucky
the radio is on there are no problems to encounter in new jersey
heavy traffic on the westside highway those people
have cars and other vehicles, they couldn't be there
if they didn't so i read parts of orwell's
down and out in london and paris and got stuck on the image of the jew
just there just like there, a storm is heading our ay, reading zipe's
translation of grimm's fairy tales, did you read the one
about the jew in the thornbush, i remember that
somewhere along the line when i was a kid
when i wa a kid a read
a book about a cocker spaniel
the nuremburg war trials volumes 1 and 2 the mediacal trials
the fairytale about the jew in the thornbush
a magazine i got from the american foresty association
the greek and roman plays in trnaslation
i liked antigone who i proncounced, well i pronounced her name
anti-gone, as if, just wait, i'll be around after you,
i'm gone "but also' anti-gone, yes, yes, yes
i take dismal pleasure in that a piece of my work
i don't know which, aybe just a word like codework
will surivive a century from now
(now they're talking about the oscars
so that i'll drag the memory of culture family famly ciulture
beind me, in won'd be around to know or see but i have my dreams, of 
course
yes yes yes i have my dreams, theywill go on until 
the money goes out or i go out or the oney and i go out, not that we
'go out' together, there's no one
to go out, just realized, as if this were a performance, no images! 
video! real sound! to hold on to, the demons come out to play
in my brnai, there they are, there's no other eal, these demons
and the radio and the man on the roof and a fairly silent sunday morning
in the iddle of the city snow coming it's gonig to be an oscar party
day
someone said i was raw in my job betging i have no other gifts to give
and not even that what is an encounter between teaching
and being taught and both are taught and are teaching
we don't know how to listen, hoave you evder heard that,
thank you time for questions wait
i'll get the lights on, or someone will
i don't know where to find the swithc


===


...because the generating image was cold and charming...
...because filters piled on filters...
...because a null point was reached of no return...
...because of...
...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
...because of a form of processing or herding processes...
...because of the new-born image arising from the old...
...because of defraying the costs and placental hope...
... http://www.asondheim.org/furry.jpg ...


__



Some mooted english words I don't know - from
Nouveau Dictionnaire de Poche, Francais-Anglais et Anglais-Francais
Th. Nugent, Paris, 1848

Pickthank, flagoneur
Cryal, heron
Wherret, donnet un soufflet a
Cynegeticks, l'art de la chasse
Twiggen, fait de petites branches
Hiation, baillement
Dace, vandoise
Hogoo, haut-gout
Depectible, tenace
Waleknot, noeud rond
Avery, grenier
Colter, coutre de charrue
Huckelbone, hanche
Cuish, cuissart
Gove, entasser
Outvillain, etre plus mechant
Spunging, ecornifierie
Petto, poitrine
Huer, celui qui fait des huees
Bidale, invitation a boire
Brabble, querelle
Abaft, de l'arriere
Devexity, courbure
Jazel, pierre precieuse
Foh, fi!
Gibcat, vieux chat
Zedoary, zedoaire
Wallwort, parietaire
Hox, couper le charret
Wamble, soulever
Stive, etuver
Uberous, abondant
Xerophthalmy, xerophthalmie
Xystus, xyste
Phrenitis, fureur
Mooted, deraciner


==


Exemplary Protrusion of Mars Ocean
Dust Covering of Caked Planar Ice
Rendered into Seamount Gridwork through Spectography

Web&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Images&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;Groups&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;News&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Froogle&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;LocalNew!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
more&nbsp;&raquo;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Advanced 
Search&nbsp;&nbsp;Preferences&nbsp;&nbsp;Language 
ToolsAdvertising&nbsp;Programs - About Google
&copy;2005 Google - Searching 8,058,044,651 web pages

http://www.asondheim.org/marsocean.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/marsocean2.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/marsocean3.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/marsocean5.gif


===


uh buoy quiets free-dark matter girl-hands enquiring jacked jetstream 
catamountic limbed martian's awe and pancaked rust-duted killed, really 
cynical-ity; you've ouided exits' jungenstijl's seize.

desiccation 
http://www.asondheim.org/ter.tif
http://www.asondheim.org/terrr.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/trrrr.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/exemplum.jpg

mars-life forecast discussion
exemplum <===> basin
let it go at that


===



swan

swan because of the uneasy lap or basin, saccharine colors absorbing
the position of the young girl or boy about to be fucked

but the uneasiness of mathematical images tuned towards discomfort
when settling into a landscape of slope or miasma

i might have created an interior and more comfortable space of toruses
and cylinders

nonetheless this keeps one scrambling in a world of oral fixation,
imagine the open mouths, rivulets of drools, soaked creases of perfect
surfaces

these are hulls, dark matter and its mystery float among them

or the fragment of a dream of the mother of a star not yet born or bone

http://www.asondheim.org/swan1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/swan2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/swan3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/swan4.jpg


--


Additional Words from French to English
1848 Dictionnaire already described and of the z of the first part

Z, the 25th letter of the French alphabet
Zacynthe, a sort of wild succory
Zagaie, sf. zagaye, long Moorish dart
Zagu ou Sagou, the sago-tree
Zaim, Turkish horseman
Zain, a horse all of one dark colour, without spot or mark
Zani, buffoon, zany
Zebre, zebra, wild ass
Zelateur, trice, zealot, a stickler
Zele, zeal
Zele, zealous
Zelote, a jealous man
Zelotopie, extreme jealousy
Zelotypie, zeal carried to far
Zenith, zenith
Zenonique, belonging or conformable to the doctrine of Zeno
Zenonisme, the doctrine of Zeno
Zephyr, zephyr
Zero, nought
Zest, fiddlestick! pshaw! pish!
 Entre le zist et le zest, tolerably; so so; neither good nor bad
Zeste, thin piece of orange peel; thick skin quartering the kernel
 of a walnut
Zetetique, zetetic, proceeding by inquiry
Zibeline, zibellina, sable
Zigzag, zig zag, crankles
Zinc, zinc
Zinzolin, reddish violet colour
Zist, see Zest
Zizanie, dissension, discord, tare
Ziziphe, jujube-tree
Zodiacal, belonging to the zodiac
Zodiaque, zodiac
Zoilc, snarling critic
Zone, zone
Zoographe, one who describes or writes on animals
Zoographie, zoography, description of animals
Zoolatrie, worship of animals
Zoolithe, petrified animal substance
Zoologie, treatise on animals
Zoophore, zoophorus
Zoophorique, zoophorie
Zoophyte, vegetables or substances which partake of the nature
 of animal and vegetable life
Zootomie, dissection of beasts
Zopissa, zopissa, the pitch and tar which is scraped from old ships
Zoroche, a sort of metallic silver
Zoucet, plungeon, a sea bird
Zymosimetre, zymosimeter, an instrument to measure the degree of heat
 in liquors


==
   
   
   debris, no joke, no text in this
   
   
   news tonight everything out of control, 5000 hate groups online,
   i'd imagine far more in the usa. all religions are cruel, all 
   religions structure hatred, at least all religions of the book,
   of the good book, the manual for killing, it doesn't matter what
   it is, why else would humans go after one another, not only other
   humans, animals as well, anything that can be slaughtered, read
   the truths of the inquisition, they're the same truths now, why
   always men of the cloth, why always old men burying their hatred,
   it almost seems friendly, the fury of the primates, we're 
   talented, can hold a stick
   
   friends, it is time to be fightened, to be very frightened, do 
   not become like one of them, the texts below are endless, endless,
   we are in the last days, some of us will survive, but at what
   cost, everything that was beautiful is desperate, everything that
   is ugly is bought and sold
   
   interview from Saudi television of a 3 year old Muslim girl who was
   been taught to hate Jews. All Words Any Word.
   APOLOGETICS. Christian Apologetics. ...
   10k true Historians have classified six explanations as to
   why people hate the Jews: Economic -- We
   hate Jews because they possess too much wealth and
   true Hate Jews? Antisemitism. Adolf Hitler. Holocaust.
   Nazi. Bible Study. Discover the amazing truth of the Gospel.
   Eternal life. Christian living. Hate Jews?
   12k true Why do Christians hate Jews, blacks, and
   Catholics? First off, why are Christians racists? Why do you
   hate Jews, blacks, and Catholics? ...
   Man may make his clamor, but God will be the Judge! Is there any
   record of Christian hate of Jews in the first
   century during the lives of the Apostles? ...
   Why does the muslims hate the jews for?
   Author, Message. jjf1990, RE:Hate Jews
   And Chinks Re.: RE:Hate Jews And Chinks Is this
   all about religion? ...
   list. Christians who hate the Jews. By Melanie
   Phillips. First published in the Spectator, February 16 2002. It
   If you want to add your own comments, please fill in our
   feedback form. Do We Hate Jews and Christians?
   Khaled Batarfi Some of my Jewish readers have doubts. ...
   March 27, 2004. Do I Hate Jews ? Well, I just got the
   following email from some guy: Well, this guy is very
   mistaken. I do not hate jews. ...
   French Hate Jews Report; Posted on: 2004-03-07 21:47:07
   [ Printer friendly ]. by Jeff Hook Despite breaking box-office
   If you lived in the Middle East, you might easily believe
   that America is waging a worldwide war against Islam, and that
   Americans must hate Muslims. ...
   hate Muslims..User comments on article: [The
   American Muslim Council:] Mainstream
   Muslims? Why Christians hate
   Muslims.....
   Christians Hate Muslims- User comments on article
   Reply to...why Christians Hate Muslims...
   User comment on article ...
   terthread=y 101k true She was all p!ssed about the
   Americans and how much the Americans hate Muslims,
   and they have no business being there and should go away and leave
   them alone. ...
   q. Why Hindus hate Muslims ?
   The same primitive logic seems to be working behind the
   attempt to create a campaign of hate towards Muslims.
   Why Do You Hate Muslims So Much. ...
   Reply to Thread: Why Do You Hate Muslims So Much. I
   dont hate Islam, its not just a religion, its a
   101k true Why Do You Hate Muslims So Much.
   Reply to Thread: Why Do You Hate Muslims So
   Much. I dont hate Islam, its not just a religion,
   its a way of life. ...
   Ask.asp 21k true Why do they hate us? Muslims
   ask: Why do they hate us? America is a democracy,
   he concluded, so Americans must hate Muslims to
   endorse this war. ...
   Why do Muslims Hate Muslims?
   true Why do Muslims Hate Muslims?
   dunno Im not Muslim but you can tell us why you
   hate Muslims. ConservativethatplaysHALO! Member
   Joined: Thu Sep 16th, 2004. hate muslims 0.235184 1 at
   What Is Behind The
   Hate Christians Campaign? By Thomas D.
   Segel December 22, 2004. Christ and faith have ...
   (14) takes out his flame throwerI HATE Christians!!!
   GARRR!!! 92% | 9. Thats right. I hate
   christians!!! Re: I HATE Christians!!!
   GARRR!!! ...
   true They Hate Christians, Too, By Michael Freund
   FrontPageMagazine.com | August 29, 2002. The fact that
   Americas Arab allies often express ...
   Politics; Miscellaneous (Politics). &gt; ~Myths about
   Democrats; They hate Christians. ...
   About They hate Christians. They hate
   Christians. Invite a friend to rate ...
   Click Here. [Ad]. What Is Behind The Hate
   Christians Campaign? December 21, 2004. by Thomas D. Segel
   Christ and the Faith have ...
   true religion, christianity, articles. Liberals Hate
   Christians. By Mark K. Lewis. religion, articles,
   christianity, Recently I was having ...
   Post, August 28, 2002. THEY HATE CHRISTIANS, TOO. by
   Michael Freund. The fact that Americas Arab allies often
   express ...
   Why do Liberals hate christians? I
   dont understand why most Liberals hate
   christians. Republichick Member Joined: Sat Aug 28th, 2004.
   15k true Your stupid statements give people a reason to hate
   Christians. You said it is statements like that
   which give people reasons to hate Christians. Why is
   that? hate christians 0.377557 1 
   
   
   ===


because they have been climbing you know in the swirling,
the results of the code, perhaps you meant this, but they
were particulate matter going nowhere and indecipherable
but i think even more than that

'i think more' 

but they were swollen and swoling, swole. they were always
in motion and half determined and half trying to leave
the place and have not caring about leaving the place

http://www.asondheim.org/swol.mov

and for the movement of the cradle rocking and never dying
or never the cessation of movement or the moving


=


she's taking a snooze

she's watching the  sky

she's thinking about pancakes

she's thinking about shaboom

the doctor got her measure

she took it back again

she's jonesing and dancing

shaboom shaboom

her life is her life

she's taking a snooze

la la la la la

wait til she gets up

la la la la la

http://www.asondheim.org/troth.jpg


=


rarely does an informal moment embrace the numinous
azure and i had corresponded for months and finally she was arriving
i photographed the plane coming in around five in the morning
neither of us had any sleep and this was our first close meeting
she came and is still here after six years

i knew when i was photographing the plane i was taking it
awkwardly i also embraced the moment and its eternal memory
a tourist destination or sight among personal histories

the plane taxiing to the gate
nothing was open in the airport and i had been there for hours
it was an early saturday morning of sometime
i remember having to teach the same day among disinterested students
everyone had their personal tales

back to the photograph
the creation of a minor history that is what i call personal
it will die with me it will be only the picture of a plane
the plane at a particular angle to the gate and only the plane

someone on the plane was coming to meet me and others on the plane
the others were coming to meet others perhaps not as propitious
or perhaps equally so or perhaps in the dwelling of mourning

http://www.asondheim.org/punctum.gif

i had misplaced the image and found it on a forlorn isolated floppy
it would play from the camera through the floppy into the computer
it would be revived the newborn image greeting the light of day
or of night or of dusk or dawn or liminal when the image was taken
when the image perhaps took me with it and then lost itself
or i had misplaced it as i already said here is the plane again

here is the plane again and again and again
it is the picture of someone on the plane and the plane
it is the plane of someone the someone-plane coming forward
the someone-plane coming forward to the gate
where i am at the gate waiting to make history a personal history
or a minor history waiting
or just to greet someone and awkward with the camera in my hand
hardly seeing neither seeing or seeing hardly

any minor history, any punctum, any someone waiting, any someone
and any plane taxiing and any plane arriving and arriving
and arriving and again and arriving and again


--

order clash
order crash

http://www.asondheim.org/bingham.jpg

_



Pain Sifted


Platt Townend found me too neurotic.
Vito Acconci found me a pest.
The head of Nexus found I was too fast-moving and lazy.
Leon Pinstein found me an undeserving underdog.
Johnny Uhl found me a coward.
Bob Jungles found me a thief and a user.
The LAICA Journal committee found me too old.
Tamara Bowers found me creepy and hateful.
Allison Ritch found me too selfish and uncaring.
Robert Horvitz found me arrogant and self-serving.
Jim Andrews found me uncaring, boastful, and self-serving.
Ishaq found me racist and Arab-hating.
George Bowering found me unreadable and forgettable.
Paul Geremiah found me selfish and uncaring.
Margaret Curtis found me embarrassing.
Paul the trumpeter found I rehearsed too much.
My mother found I was too angry.
The Connecticut Arts Council found me too established.
Bernadette Mayer found me social-climbing.
Brian Kilpatrick found me weird and creepy.
Lexie Don found me a bad writer and worse artist.
Nancy Golden found me evil and horrible.
Mr. Pugh found me too noisy and wild.
Kasper Konig found me too old.
My first and only psychiatrist found me too undisciplined.
Alice Birster found me too sexually creepy.
Leone Wilson found me too unmusical and out of tune.
Aaron Weiss found me too dirty.
My brother found me selfish and self-serving.
John Young found me betraying and deceitful.
Robert Horvitz found me creepy about women.
Nelly the curator found me sleazy and unspeakable.
The camp head found me suicidal.
John Hurt found me interfering and noisy.
Vito Acconci found me not an artist.
A waitress in Maine found me too much worshipping the devil.
The head of Hallwalls found me arrogant and overblown.
Kathy Acker found me crazy.
Aram Saroyan found me a dilettante.
The head of the Brown music department found me too loud.
Elizabeth Cannon found me awful.
The Boston video audience found me a liar and a cheat.
My sister found I wasn't an artist.
Ray Brown found me too left-wing and uncompromising.
Mike Reed found me fascist and deceitful.
Mark McElhatten found I did too much.
Margaret Curtis found me too old.
The UNM Albuquerque photo department found me out of my mind.
Carol Damian found me unacceptable.
My father found me a failure and parasitic.
Malgosia Askanas found me an impossible nuisance.
Alison Rossiter found my relations with women creepy.
Krister Hennix found me too psychoanalytically occupied.
Catherine Hennix found me too non-psychoanalytically occupied.
The head of the FIU union found me too hopeless.
The Penguin Encyclopedia of Jazz found my 3rd record mediocre.
Edward Honig found I was trying to kill him.
Tony Conrad found my work a joke.
Steve Fagin found me rude.
The Dean of Brown University found me annoying.


))


it got older and bolder
it blew apart and remained blue
she showed me her shoulder
neutrinos and neutrons tracked her back

 follow the girl to the mountain
 follow her back to the rock
 take her and she'll break you
 for your life is on the block
 and your body's in the stock
 and you're winding down your clock

there was an evident was it moscow
was it greek too many spikes differently
it mapped into human unconscious
it is unheeded warning unreadable sign

unleash the power of wilson cloud-chamber
magnetic isotropic lines of power
magnified in the literature of the rock

 of the fury of the shock
 of creation of the unconscious
 which attempts understanding undermining
 delimiting and lining

the literature of the rock
broken in the fury of the shock

http://www.asondheim.org/remake.mov

==



holes in space-time fabric of new york city
images from http://worldwind.arc.nasa.gov/

http://www.asondheim.org/hol1.png
http://www.asondheim.org/hol2.png
http://www.asondheim.org/hol3.png

incandescent closeups past the fabric of the virtual earth
into the fabric of the virtual earth

"a parable for our time"

hello,  hello


==

crawl

http://www.asondheim.org/crawl.mov

death and the dying
writing in her REMAKE blood

what the censors were looking for adult fare
something for special unit crime stoppers
REMAKE crawling in her own blood
maybe someone else's only the detective knows for sure


+++


vlf radio connected to minidisk in the middle 
of brooklyn, what would one expect but the power grid
hardly a crackle to be heard
someone turned a television on or off
minute and a half of 60 cycle plus harmonics
turnabout is fair play
turnaround is too, not to mention chorus or filters
more interesting later from the country
in the meantime what's happened here driving the machinery
spiced up for everyone's amusement at least mine

http://www.asondheim.org/vflw.mp3

__


A narrow, damp _alley._ Sur vey, to _view._


All the _assistance_ found, his _assistants_ sent him. He claims to be the 
_diviser_ of the machine. Which is larger, the _divisor_ or quotient? This 
_difference_ being settled, he will pay due _deference_ to your opinion.

The _ingenious_ mechanic was also an _ingenuous_ man. Not a _lineament_ 
could be recognized by his friends. Apply to the wound a healing 
_liniment._ The _principal_ to the agreement was devoid of moral 
_principle._

Though a great _liar,_ he could play upon the _lyre._ A _naughty__ youth. 
The lawyer had a _knotty_ case. The _plaintiff_ assumed a _plaintive_ air. 
Do not disturb the tame _rabbit._ The carpenter will _rabbet_ the boards.

Filled with _choler,_ he seized the youth by his _collar._ The priest 
filled the _censer._ He is a _censor_ of the press. The ship took _divers_ 
persons as _divers_ for pearls.

The _air_ is quite cold. He is _heir_ to the property. Give _alms._ He has 
lost his _arms._ He cut tree with an _ax._ His _acts_ are _base._ He has a 
_bass_ voice. 

They _burst_ the box which held the _bust._ The poor _dyer_ was in _dire_ 
distress. After a _dose_ he fell into a _doze._ In the falling _dome_ he 
saw his _doom._

- from Eclectic Spelling Book, 1865


====
