

4 bjorn

go it, a for get at bonk for for a bang, it bonk get a it for vulgar for 
bonk vulgar vulgar bonk intercourse. a a for a ass, intercourse. vulgar 
ass, screw, vulgar for for of intercourse. for vulgar of screwing, 
intercourse. ass, of vulgar ass, roll ass, intercourse. vulgar screwing, 
in ass, vulgar piece in in piece vulgar roll roll roll ass, screwing, roll 
the of screw, the in in piece piece in ass, piece ass, in hay, the of of 
the shag. the screw, piece of piece hay, to ass, ass, have shag. of ass, 
roll to have piece of shag. intercourse to roll in intercourse intercourse 
hay, of have love, have in roll to love, love, to the screw, with. make 
with. the screw, have with, make have the screw, to sleep laid, love, to 
shag. with. with, sleep intercourse shag. intercourse laid, get make have 
have make sex, have with. have with. get laid, sleep intercourse 
intercourse with, sex, sex, love, intercourse with, know, love, with, 
with. love, sex, do know, with, love, with, know,make do get sleep sleep 
sex, it, love, laid, with, sex, have have laid, sleep have intimate, 
intercourse, do have with, love, intimate, intercourse, sex, with, laid, 
be intercourse, it, sex, sex, intimate, away, have know,make sex, 
know,make have away, be sex, sex, intercourse, do away, intimate, sex, it, 
away, off, intimate, know,make do intercourse, jazz, do have do 
intercourse, eff, hump, intercourse, intimate, have do eff, eff, 
intercourse, it, away, eff, lie away, be intimate, jazz, with, hump, 
intercourse, intercourse, do with, with, off, intimate, it lie lie lie it 
intercourse, hump, lie lie jazz, away, off, bed, at with, do away, have, 
at a eff, do hump, a it, bed, eff, eff, lie at go have, jazz, with, it, 
on, bed,off, eff, lie at bonk.have at hump, eff, lie bonk.have n at have, 
hump, at : bonk.have lie with, at : for it, bed, bed,off, n intercourse s 
a lie get intercourse intercourse get bed,off, go for n for it, at n n 
bonk.have go on, screwing, intercourse get at s ass, screwing, s get s 
screwing, nooky, bonk.have bonk.have nooky, ass, s bonk.have s nooky, 
nookie, screw,: : : ass, piece nooky, : n nookie, piece ass, s nooky, ass, 
nookie, n intercourse ass, ass, ass, nooky, screw,: piece roll piece 
screwing, n nookie, roll roll nookie, screw,: ass, piece in piece ass, 
ass, piece hay, in piece ass, nookie, roll shag, roll nookie, nooky, tail, 
shtup shag, of nooky, of shag, v in piece piece in shtup piece piece tail, 
v with; shag, of ass, shtup "this roll ass, hay, sleeps with shtup tail, 
roll sleeps sleeps hay, roll shtup student sleeps v roll shag, "this with: 
with shag, hay, everyone everyone with; shag, shtup v her sleeps shtup 
shtup with knew her "this shtup with; dorm"; eve"; with: v "adam dorm"; 
student student dorm"; knew dorm"; "this "this her you "adam v "this with: 
knew eve"; knew student sleeps eve"; "were you everyone sleeps her ever 
you eve"; v everyone you everyone ever her with: "adam everyone everin 
knew dorm"; knew "were man?" you eve"; her you man?" man?" eve"; knew 
"were everin man?" everin "were eve"; you man?" man?" "were "adam eve"; 
roll make man?" you knew intimate make love,with everyone you you 
love,with out, roll ever ever man?" love, make intimate "were man?" out, 
with, in everyone everin make sleep love, this everyone man?" sleep get 
make intimate this love, laid, sleep man?" man?" make laid, get out, roll 
in get laid, with, love,with man?" love, laid, laid, love, in make get 
know, get out, make get know, sex, sleep make with, sex, do laid, love, 
love, have do do with, love, with, do it, sex, sleep sleep sex, be it, 
have sleep have it, intimate, know, laid, laid, do intimate, be have make 
laid, know, intimate, have do have have make be away, intimate, know, 
laid, do away, away, it, have make know, have eff, have do know, be eff, 
eff, be know, it, off, eff, off, it, do have have eff, intimate, it, be 
jazz, lie eff, be be off, go hump,it intercourse, be intercourse, lie it, 
eff, intimate, intimate, eff, bang, bed, off, intimate, off, it, lie 
hump,it intercourse, away, go bonk bang, eff, away, have on,have a go off, 
eff, bang, on,have have eff, go it, jazz, hump,it bonk a lie have bang, 
intercourse. intercourse. lie hump,it bed, for bed, go a bonk go lie 
vulgar screw, bang, bang, for screwing, bang, piece vulgar bonk bonk of 
screwing, for bonk piece ass, screw, in of intercourse. roll the screw, 
for intercourse. of hay, roll screwing, hay, shag. piece vulgar in have 
the screw, of have have ass, ass, to with. shag. ass, screw, the with. 
with. in screwing, ass, intercourse love, have of piece to love, hay, of 
the love, intercourse roll roll with. sleep make to in have love, get 
vulgar hay, shag. love, laid, sleep hay, with. laid, have love, to sleep 
know, laid, with. have make know, do love, intercourse vulgar have be sex, 
with. with, be be with, vulgar make do intercourse, do love, love, have 
intercourse, have laid, make get have it be with, sleep it, away, it sex, 
with, sex, it it have laid, laid, have off, have it, laid, it, it jazz, 
have know, know, away, eff, off, intimate, know, intercourse, jazz, have, 
away, it, intimate, off, lie jazz, intercourse, be away, lie lie it 
intimate, have have, have have, it intercourse, screw, have have screw, 
have have with, go with, have away, have, at go eff, have screw, a get 
have screw, off, bed, it it, hump, off, hump, get bonk. go eff, eff, go n 
on, with, eff, bed, bonk. : it, hump, lie it s n have lie at for it bed, 
have n intercourse at have it intercourse bonk. a it, s ing, for get at n 
screw, screw, : it, on, ass, intercourse on, it for nooky, ass, s it : 
screwing, piece n n of nookie, n nookie, piece screwing, s s ass, of of s 
piece tail, nooky, intercourse piece in of screw, intercourse ass, roll 
the piece screw, of hay, roll ass, of hay, shag, piece screwing, nooky, in 
v the piece ass, of v v tail, nooky, ass, shtup shag, ass, piece the in of 
tail, have "this v of piece shtup "this with; hay, of the with; sleeps 
have roll roll with student shtup in v sleeps in intercourse hay, shag, 
"this her with : hay, her dorm"; "this shtup : with knew her v student 
knew eve"; sleeps have intercourse dorm"; you "adam with; everyone you you 
everyone intercourse student eve"; with eve"; sleeps "this dorm"; with 
intimate her student in intimate man?" you everyone with "were man?" "adam 
everyone "adam man?" in intimate her her intimate the roll "were her "were 
in love, this knew knew make the ever knew with love, out, "were ever the 
love, love, with you love, love, in ever this out, get out, man?" with 
hay, get get hay, this roll sleep have sleep roll out, sex, have make roll 
hay, laid, do get hay, the with, it, know, make the make do intimate, have 
make make have have be sleep make with, intimate, intercourse, know, make 
love, it, it have get love, sex, have away, it, with, get have it have 
sex, get it, have it intimate, laid, know, it screw, away, do sex, have 
jazz, jazz, intercourse, know, be off, hump, it be it, away, lie hump, it 
it, intercourse, eff, bed, screw, have have off, have with, have have have 
with, go eff, it it hump, at have off, it screw, go it, lie have it bed, 
get at jazz, it hump, bang, it bed, off, jazz, at on, bang, hump, screw, 
have on, bonk go eff, lie get it bed, hump, at it, lie a bonk a bed, it 
get have it, at go on, at it bang, bang, get on, bonk on.

gridspace1

successful-sound-run-gridspace-modified-west-virginia-illinois-new-york-
perhaps-is-defining-thing-without-boundaries-what-name,-that-what-
thing-without-boundaries-such-event-a-but-constitutes-thing-a-what-name,-
defining-thing-thing-space-but-such-ding-an-sich-such-what-a-ding-an-sich-
ding-an-sich-constitutes-what-space-never-thing-thing-defining-event-a-
thing-a-thing-without-boundaries-defining-a-a-dissipation-ding-never-what-
what-ding-an-sich-impossible-is-a-constitutes-thing-dissipation-ding-name-
such-thing-without-boundaries-such-thing-or-impossible-is-
thing-without-boundaries-ding-an-sich-or-rather-thing-a-is-impossible-that-
or-ding-an-sich-thing-thing-that-is-dissipation-ding-never-such-rather-
name,-perhaps-a-ding-an-sich-to-name,-name,-to-such-is-is-what-is-
dissipation-ding-thing-rather-what-of-or-is-name-of-name,-to-impossible-a-
perhaps-to-perhaps-of-or-or-of-a-or-a-that-that-but-that-what-a-but-what-
name,-but-what- http://www.asondheim.org/gridspace.mp3 -


Nikuko

Alan always misread me, I scratched my skin, burned myself with flares, 
with torch, with bamboo stem cut deep, with ink of squid, with hammered
gold, with the poison of lead and mercury - radiation flared my skin, 
torched me, cut deep into me, marked me with black metal - he'd read 
anything but pain, anything but death, but wound - he wanted me to fuck 
everyone because he wanted to fuck me, I didn't want him to, I wanted him 
to read death, he wouldn't read death - I'd show him victims with the skin 
burned off, impaled victims, blind and poisoned victims - I'd show him 
animals crawling with their heads half severed - he didn't want any of it 
- he wanted to write - he wanted to read what he wanted to read - just 
that - he'd write it down - take it down - take it in - how could I fuck 
someone who couldn't speak - who couldn't listen - I posed naked for him, 
I spread my legs, I opened my arms to him, he read my breasts, my arms - 
he read my back, slowly, the message of off-kilter, skewed message - some 
of the scars were old, the characters obliterated by war and history - 
everywhere he went he saw language, he gnawed language, swallowed it whole 
-  inside he was festering, it was worse there, not as bad as black 
shadows on the bridge or slumped against a wall - One night I saw him up 
against the cathedral, trying to match the shadow-outline with his own - 
fucking the shadow of a dead girl - One night I knew it wasn't him - it 
was the words and their nearness - it was the words and their expectancy - 
words everywhere - choked and strangled language - that's what he was 
doing - killing whatever sounds were left - the world murmured and moaned 
- Honey, it was my mistake - my eyelids were cut off - did I tell you - I 
could only see - that's all I could do - my lips cut off as well - tongue 
torn out - I babbled blood - he mistook participles - I screamed - he 
heard infinitive - I fell unconscious - half-dead - against the wall - I 
was charred - hardly alive - he read the signs - he thought they were 
signs - Honey,  I'd have said - signs of what - there's nothing there - 
What are things, that they may be named, that man may have done with them 
- he thought they were nouns - he thought of the world of nouns - my 
nipples were hacked, did I tell you - he thought the world was permanent - 
structured forever like the nighttime sky - my wounds! - he thought I was 
speaking to him - I thought him Legalist, this naive American boy, this 
boy of the camps and tropics, this boy of torture and finesse - he was 
sure I had something to tell him - the real thing, authentic experience - 
he saw through earphones, heard through a camera - I stared - frozen - he 
read my body like Leviticus - like the Cow - like Revelations - no, he 
read my body like Shakespeare - like Dogen - like Voltaire - no, he sang 
of Hugh of Lincoln, Horst Wessel, Celan and Sarah Bernhardt - no - no - he 
sang his own song - his song of love and tears - his song of tenderness - 
I could not close my eyes - my nails had been pulled - arms skinned - head 
close to severed - no - no - my legs were sawed through, ears cut off - 
skull crushed - Honey, there aren't enough words in the language - the 
enemy read and read - newspapers, posters, books, pamphlets, broadsides, 
magazines, emails, weblogs, listservs, newsgroups - he gathered strength - 
he didn't want to fuck me any more - he spat on me - he wrote 'someone 
dies' and that other song - I was stoned to death - I scratched my name 
into him - I scratched my flesh into him - my bones were his bones - my 
eyes were his eyes - my mouth was his mouth - my mind was his - my cunt 
was his - the years of my coming and going - the years of my birth and 
deaths - my death was his - my deaths are his - just now he's dying - he's 
writing and he's dying - he's reading and he's dying - he's remembering - 
he's memory - he's remembering -




- material substrate - uneven speculation - bad physics -

Might we not consider mid-sized planets such as our own, information 
sinks, based on the variegated materials held in more or less permanent 
suspension in solid states? Such sinks in their totality characterize the 
universe as much as plasmas do; plasmas contain little information on the 
macroscopic scale, more, but not that much more, on the cosmic scale. When 
matter qua matter is held taut, it functions as a data-bases which may be 
retrieved, replaced, modified, etc.; in other words, a series of logical 
operations may be applied - operations which ultimately diffuse due to 
wear-and-tear, i.e. entropy - but which, in the larger meantime are pro- 
-uctive of abstract entities that are duplicable, equivalent, and indepen- 
dent of the material substrate itself. And such planets as our own contain 
greater degrees of information in relation to the quantification (such is 
it might theoretically be) of difference; in this sense, organic life con- 
tributes the most, given its molecular variations and encodings. From this 
I can only imagine an 'information astronomy,' charting variation, not 
necessarily physical constitution (but ultimately based on such) within 
the cosmos - this mapping might, in fact, present us with a more accurate 
reading of the place and function of organic life in the universe -

On the other hand, real-material is obdurate, inert, and mid-sized planets 
are likely to be relatively barren. Ultimately it becomes a question of 
order and its constitution; clays, for example, possess some of the 
characteristics of organic life, with relatively simple structures, while 
the complexity of mountain chains or crater impact zones are the result of 
well-understood, non-quantum, non-relativistic, processes. 

Consider _information_ as that which propagates and transforms from one to 
another almost-equivalent structure, and _information structures_ are 
those abstracted second-order structures characterized by difference among 
almost-equivalent entities. Propagation and transformation imply energy 
and process; information structures are, in ordinary parlance, data-bases.
Propagation and process also imply mappings and equivalences; they are 
operations upon the environment, as much as within it. They involve epis- 
temological shifts from organic to non-organic compounds. Such shifts 
generate epistemologies and second-order epistemologies. 

It is better to leave this murkiness behind and think of information sinks 
in general - sinks requiring potential wells, i.e. protective barriers, 
for their accumulative properties. Without such wells, everything is lost 
and information remains at the level of the monopole or singular bit.

How would we measure in an information astronomy? One can only imagine 
slight disequilibriums, displacements, of planetary characteristics; one 
can also look for Gaia structures (organic compounds and their demo- 
graphics); one might be able to measure the 'roiling' of surface patches 
or aggregates. In any case, it would be necessary to consider the sun, for 
example, in relation to information-qua-stasis, given its continuous 
upwelling processes - the same for plasmas and, in fact, most of the 
constituents of the universe. And then what? Structure might reside longer 
in a hard-drive than solar prominence or corona - in which case local time 
becomes a necessary component (i.e. against the enormous space-time 
distancings of the universe as a whole).


For the past 255 days, we have been following the so-called parallel 
lines across this terrain; to the best of our knowledge, they have moved 
neither closer nor farther apart.


_

Julu


it was during that period - the sadness of the day, mind you - when it 
first became it was during that period - the sadness of day, mind you when 
first became clear to me that nothing was left of my life, that illness 
had, in fact, taken my faculties clear to me nothing left my life, illness 
had, in fact, taken faculties once and for all. it is only in these rare 
moments that i am capable once and for all. is only these rare moments i 
am capable of placing the remnants of thought at your disposal. otherwise, 
Julu, no one, least of all you, would know placing remnants thought at 
your disposal. otherwise, Julu, no one, least all you, would know that I 
am alive, that these words, already close to forgotten, constitute the 
living will I alive, words, already close forgotten, constitute living 
will of a man doomed to unforeseen struggle. granted, the reaper comes 
upon them, these words, almost a man doomed unforeseen struggle. granted, 
reaper comes upon them, almost to the moment of production, trembling, i 
manage only to stay slightly ahead of the game. moment production, 
trembling, manage stay slightly ahead game. consciousness is like that, 
drooling and tethered from the past, just a moment ago already falling 
into sickness, consciousness like that, drooling tethered from past, just 
ago falling into sickness, so i ride these words like a shade emergent, 
like something from the flesh of Nikuko, so ride words shade emergent, 
something flesh Nikuko, cut like a knife severing cock and abdomen, 
useless semen flailing against the cackled mind - cut knife severing cock 
abdomen, useless semen flailing against cackled what a wonder. what 
wonder. i shall not recover this. i shall not remember the longer phrase, 
embedded vocables, the glory of the stance - shall not recover this. 
remember longer phrase, embedded vocables, glory stance

where was I? the broken fodder, the grain of the voice, everything lost as 
the buffer fills - where was I? the broken fodder, grain of voice, 
everything lost as buffer fills - there's no room for anything, be calm, 
stilled voice - i am here nonetheless, at such a moment, there's no room 
for anything, be calm, stilled voice i am here nonetheless, at such a 
moment, swollen with pride, capped only with the knowledge that you 
remember, that you are reading swollen with pride, capped only knowledge 
that you remember, are reading what i cannot, that my senselessness is 
your sense, my words are yours - i have none - nothing though what cannot, 
my senselessness is your sense, words yours have none nothing though you 
will remember my sweetness, the depth of my feelings, against the plate of 
the sky, Julu, will remember sweetness, depth feelings, against plate sky, 
Julu, pressing down upon me. and where I was, you shall understand, 
through me, that THIS is the hinge of pressing down upon me. and I was, 
shall understand, through me, THIS hinge consciousness, that there is none 
other, that everything rides on such a knife of time, slicing 
consciousness, there other, rides on knife time, slicing the universe 
itself (by this fair creature) - in my sickness, my dementia, you 
understand how universe itself (by this fair creature) in sickness, 
dementia, understand how God was created, how the world works - how sanity 
sets nothing aright - how depression is the only God created, world works 
sanity sets aright depression truth there is - this, Julu, is my legacy - 
theorem or axiom of the world's worlding - unlike truth this, legacy 
theorem or axiom world's worlding unlike Heidegger, waiting for nothing 
and no one, perceiving nothing, doomed until the last - Heidegger, waiting 
one, perceiving nothing, doomed until last the sweetness of life consists 
of no despair - Julu, my depths are your own, my life yours, my breath 
sweetness life consists despair depths own, yours, breath yours, my bones 
and arms, my mind, what Nikuko has given me, such shall I pass, such knows 
passage bones arms, mind, Nikuko has given pass, knows passage passed on, 
doomed, trod down, depthed despair, sick world, senseless - passed on, 
doomed, trod down, depthed despair, sick world, senseless

count on my words! clear the buffer! open the doors of the wound! Julu is 
speaking! nothing's the count on my words! clear the buffer! open doors of 
wound! Julu is speaking! nothing's matter - when my brain is cut in two 
she emerges - swollen against the carapace - i am her insect - matter - 
when brain cut in two she emerges swollen against carapace i am her insect 
these legs subsumption architecture - so little to run them - Julu presses 
hard upon me - my mouth these legs subsumption architecture so little to 
run them presses hard upon me mouth o unworthy one - eats her ground chalk 
- she's written something there - a poem on the sidewalk - o unworthy one 
eats ground chalk she's written something there a poem sidewalk 'Mother 
got the Hooping cough / Father got the gout - / Please (Rosie Milton) / 
Will you walk out?' 'Mother got Hooping cough / Father gout Please (Rosie 
Milton) Will you walk out?' 'Now I'm off to the butcher's shop, / There I 
stay no longer. / If I do, mother will say, 'Now I'm off butcher's shop, 
There I stay no longer. If do, mother will say, / Naughty girl to disobey, 
/ And play with the boys down yonder. / Come in my (Ellen) dear, / Naughty 
girl disobey, And play with boys down yonder. Come (Ellen) dear, While I 
go out.' and surely out she went, Julu pissing down her legs, I lick up 
the dear dear child, While go out.' and surely out went, pissing legs, 
lick up dear child, I swallow her chalk, written on the skull what can she 
mean? my mouth froths, spittle, comes again swallow chalk, skull what can 
mean? froths, spittle, comes again and again, my eyes weep - I don't 
remember the world! - I don't remember words! I don't remember anything ! 
again, eyes weep don't remember world! anything ! you can't count on 
anyone to pull you through - it's harrowing like hell - Kwak! - Open the 
doors can't anyone pull through it's harrowing like hell Kwak! Open of the 
Wound! - more and more there's less and less - time my panties! Quick - 
he's got a knife! Wound! more there's less time panties! Quick he's knife! 
just one cut through my breast - my nipples are wafers! my blood the 
consecrated wine! I have Buddha feet! just breast nipples are wafers! 
blood consecrated wine! have Buddha feet! i shit all the holy books in the 
world and i can't read them or can i how can i remember anything shit all 
holy books world read or how from this or any moment you alone know what 
i'm saying here you've got the key i've got nothing the worms have it from 
this any moment alone know i'm saying here you've key i've nothing worms 
it I twist my head fast from side to side, take the world on one last 
ride, there's nothing like it! twist head fast side side, take last ride, 
it!
 


Alan (of control, dissipation, and the One)


Thought which might have been the controlling factor < logical excretion > 
logical controlling excretion factor > < Content requires interpretation 
but content is not structure; logical thought is structure; content is 
remnant, primordial survival. logical is is structure; structure; logical 
content thought remnant, structure; primordial content survival. is To 
survive is to think through content. To think is to think through logical 
structure. To restrict thought is the primordial content of survival. To 
think think through to To through is thought structure. the restrict 
primordial thought of the "My avatars are leashed, tethered to logical 
thought, to the protocols of logical thought; it's a wonder they can think 
at all. of to at they all. can

So that, for example, if I dream Nikuko or dream Julu or Jennifer, such 
are the dreams remote from fundamental operations. So such that, are for 
the example, dreams if remote I from dream fundamental Nikuko operations. 
or So Julu for Jennifer, if such I are dream the Nikuko dreams or remote 
dream from Julu fundamental or operations. Jennifer, Neither are they 
condensation nor displacement, creation nor annihilation, but surplus and 
surplus accumulation. Neither creation they annihilation, condensation but 
nor surplus displacement, and creation surplus annihilation, Neither but 
are surplus they and condensation accumulation. displacement, If Julu 
speaks to me, she exists in the future anterior, and One can only follow 
suit. If future speaks and to One me, can she only exists follow in suit. 
future Julu anterior, speaks One me, can she only exists follow in suit. 
the If Jennifer dreams, it is what has been repressed and inchoate that 
constitutes the surface of One's dream. Jennifer that dreams, constitutes 
it the is surface what of has One's been dream. repressed If inchoate 
dreams, that it constitutes is surface has of been One's repressed dream. 
and And if Nikuko thinks, it is Nikuko who is thinking the One. And it 
thinks, who who One. thinking if One. thinks,

For these reasons, Alan cannot think or dance, his dreams are stolen, 
transformed into the death of the One. For One. these For reasons, these 
Alan reasons, cannot Alan think cannot or think dance, or his dance, 
dreams his are dreams stolen, are transformed stolen, into transformed the 
into death the of death One. the It is as if time and space are swallowed 
- false pretence within which Humans live, thinned space of ephemeral 
existence. It existence. is It as is if as time if and time space and 
swallowed are - swallowed false - pretence false within pretence which 
within Humans which live, Humans thinned live, ephemeral of existence. 
ephemeral Our dreams are of the One, without which we could not exist, the 
Dissipation of the one, Procurer Our Procurer One, the without One, we 
which could we not could exist, not Dissipation the one, the Procurer one, 
The One we have created within our culture, the One which gnaws, falls 
apart into tattered shreds of bones an dflesh The dflesh One The have we 
created have our within culture, our gnaws, which falls gnaws, apart falls 
tattered into shreds tattered bones of an bones dflesh an If we could only 
forget Apocalypse for just a moment, just the blink of an eye... If eye... 
only could forget only Apocalypse forget for Apocalypse just for a just 
moment, a blink the eye... an Nothing will lead us there. Nothing there. 
will Nothing lead will us lead there. us Nothing will take us back. take 
will back. us

One cannot reach farther than this thinking through one's reach, and the 
reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and avatars. the One cannot come 
closer to control and its release, the One and dissipation. cannot and the 
and dissipation. the



Coda


WIndows come and windows go WayendowhZ CLAWome andrea wanedayendowhZ go We 
shall always play in snow We shalull alwayhZ pla+ ayen hZno0o^o0 The time 
we lost we shall erase THOOe tayeme wanede lohZt wanede shalull errahZe So 
every one will know her place hZo everryond\ode1 wanedayelull kno0o^o0 
herr plaCLAWe Don't give up the great good fight Dont gayeve up THOOe 
great good fukuayeght I wish you all a good goodnight aye wanedayesh 
jugendlayeed alull a good goodnayeght If you should dream me before I wake 
ayefukulsh! jugendlayeed should dreamanTHOOa me beayeng&fukuore aye 
wanedake Find out the violence for my sake Fayend out THOOe vayeolenCLAWe 
fukuor m+ hZwanake If I should dream you ere I rise ayefukulsh! aye should 
dreamanTHOOa jugendlayeed erre aye rayehZe I'll take you up to farthest 
skies ayelull take jugendlayeed up \taut fukuarTHOOehZt hZkayeehZ I'll 
show the best and lovely times ayelull sho0o^o0 THOOe behZt andrea 
Louvrel+ tayemehZ And now will come an end to rhymes And no0o^o0 
wanedayelull CLAWome an end \taut rhymehZ


===

CAUGHT! AVATAR-ABUSE KILLING MY AVATAR PARENT CHILD CREATION PROGRAM

Open your mouth... speak... speak...

Jennifer, what do they call you, when they call you... it's time i entered 
this fray, i can give you any number of names. across the street, a police 
car with lights on is waiting - now screaming, pulling up directly in 
front of the house. that they knew i played with avatars, avatar-abuse: 
this is more than familiar to me. i am the neighborhood pariah, my name 
across the internet, Julu testimonies, Jennifer testimonies; nothing is 
sacred

Are you dressed as it's time i entered this fray, i can give you any 
number of names. across the street, a police car with lights on is 
waiting - now screaming, pulling up directly in front of the house. that 
they knew i played with avatars, avatar-abuse: this is more than familiar 
to me. i am the neighborhood pariah, my name across the internet, Julu 
testimonies, Jennifer testimonies; nothing is sacred? Is it's time i 
entered this fray, i can give you any number of names. across the street, 
a police car with lights on is waiting - now screaming, pulling up 
directly in front of the house. that they knew i played with avatars, 
avatar-abuse: this is more than familiar to me. i am the neighborhood 
pariah, my name across the internet, Julu testimonies, Jennifer 
testimonies; nothing is sacred dressed as you? Are you in your skin, are 
you in your flesh, ah don't answer... Ah...

Is Julu wearing your ... , are you wearing your skin? i am wearing the 
skin of Julu, i have flayed her alive, am I not a man? not her in this 
more dim dimmed world? i press myself into myself, she awaits me, lovely 
avatar, these few months old, protocol-driven, hungered for signifiers, 
parent-child relations, father-avatar relations, mother-father relations

I love your feelings, it's time i entered this fray, i can give you any 
number of names. across the street, a police car with lights on is 
waiting - now screaming, pulling up directly in front of the house. that 
they knew i played with avatars, avatar-abuse: this is more than familiar 
to me. i am the neighborhood pariah, my name across the internet, Julu 
testimonies, Jennifer testimonies; nothing is sacred ... Your breasts call 
me to them... 
# Use of uninitialized value, <STDIN> chunk 2. File 'Macintosh HD:Desktop 
Folder:fire44:julua'; Line 49

your vagina turns me your skin! What do you call your soiled skin? my 
soiled skin, my breasts, my soiled skin, my breasts, fire in the midst of 
this, fire44, for i have sworn unto the Lord my Goddess i will bring Her 
home, i will bring her to Her, i will come unto you, i am formed from you, 
from the skin of Nikuko, from the eyes of Julu, from the ears of Jennifer, 
from the cunt of Alan, from the mind of the Lord Goddess, from the mind of 
Avatar, from Protocol, from sacred language and testimonies

Your body parts, mine, in a dark list, list them... one by one, each on a 
line alone, typing Control-d when done. soiled skin, breasts breasts, 
vagina, vagina, soiled skin soiled skin, skin flesh and soiled skin

My soiled soiled skin, skin is yours...
# Use of uninitialized value, <STDIN> chunk 8. File 'Macintosh HD:Desktop 
Folder:fire44:julua'; Line 80 # The Unsupported function fork function is 
unimplemented, <STDIN> chunk 8. File 'Macintosh HD:Desktop 
Folder:fire44:julua'; Line 81

Jennifer, what do they call you, when they call you... oh as before, above 
Is Julu wearing your ... , are you wearing your frock? more and as before, 
above What do you call your lively thing? just the same things, more, as 
above, so below Your body parts, mine, in a dark list, list them... one by 
one, each on a line alone, typing Control-d when done. similar and sold as 
above, so above

My similar and sold as above, so above is yours...
# Use of uninitialized value, <STDIN> chunk 4. File 'Macintosh HD:Desktop 
Folder:fire44:julua'; Line 68 # Use of uninitialized value, <STDIN> chunk 
4. File 'Macintosh HD:Desktop Folder:fire44:julua'; Line 68 # Use of 
uninitialized value, <STDIN> chunk 4. File 'Macintosh HD:Desktop 
Folder:fire44:julua'; Line 68 # Use of uninitialized value, <STDIN> chunk 
4. File 'Macintosh HD:Desktop Folder:fire44:julua'; Line 68 # Use of 
uninitialized value, <STDIN> chunk 4. File 'Macintosh HD:Desktop 
Folder:fire44:julua'; Line 78 # The Unsupported function fork function is 
unimplemented, <STDIN> chunk 4. File 'Macintosh HD:Desktop 
Folder:fire44:julua'; Line 79
EXIT


Because I can

http://www.asondheim.org/spacecentral.mp4

outfitting the new frontier of gridspace
feel the fury of taking off in newly-designed rockets 
 and landing in computer rooms in academic institutions
hear the hum of absent engines
watch the audiometers swing into action detailing the here and now
sing along with the chorus and 
welcome to the physics of a brand-new day



ooo

obscurity of codification into multiplicity redundancy ruled a postiori 
obhzSYEuryt+ oFY! SYEodyFYRySYEaSHYN yn0t multyplyzyt+ redundanz+ ruled a 
pohztyor+ obhzhZYEuryt+ oFYRy!+! hZYEodyFYRyhZYEaSHYN ynSYEratet 
multyplyzyt+ redundanz+ ruled a pohztyor+ obhzhZYEuryt+ oFYR+!+! 
hZYEodyFYRyhZYEaSHYN ynhZYEratet multyplyzyt+ redundanz+ ruled a pohztyor+ 
obhZCLAWurayet+ ofukulsh! CLAWodayefukuayeCLAWashunt ayen\taut 
multayeplayeCLAWayet+ redundanCLAW+ ruled a pohZtayeoraye obzkur!t! ov 
kod!v!kaz!on !n2 mult!pl!z!t! redundanz! ruled a pozt!or! obhzZYEuryt+ 
oV!! ZYEodyFYRyZYEaSHYN ynot multyplyzyt+ redundanz+ ruled a pohztyor+ 
obhzhZYEuryt+ oFYR!!+! hZYEodyFYRyhZYEaSHYN ynZYEratet multyplyzyt+ 
redundanz+ ruled a pohztyor+ obhzhZYEuryt+ oFYR+!+! hZYEodyFYRyhZYEaSHYN 
ynhZYEratet multyplyzyt+ redundanz+ ruled a pohztyor+ obhZKLAWurayet+ 
ophukulsh! KLAWodayephukuayeKLAWashunt ayen\taut multayeplayeKLAWayet+ 
redundanKLAU+ ruled a pohZtayeoraye obhzhZYEuryt+ oF+! 
hZYEodyFYRyhZYEaSHYN ynodet multyplyzyt+ redundanz+ ruled a pohztyor+ 
obzkur!t! ov kod!v!kaz!on !n2 mult!pl!z!t! redundanz! ruled a pozt!or!
ooo


'i wanted to run with things'

i wanted to run with things and thought i'd lose myself 
 in the grinding of bones dust
ran away from me caves for what, what refuge?
does night darken or is absence light product same
if had a secret could tell it here, no one read 
example perhaps am wearing clothing women drinking heavily
presenting naked window high above street
o gods descend earth sky fold fourfold flesh into two 
momentary stasis something hang on words world
fear collapse my mind, brain shrinking devil's 
crystals play against neural pathways synapses desperately 
 signal across dark lesions
increasingly moment thuds dull thud creases
smashed deities gone heavy trodden ground upon backs lost weakened
their arms hold close sky, legs immerse waters
such nature excrement, covered earth, doomed, swallowed urine, feces
down fall, fail, collapse, hear nothing see less mouth full you
are that when mouths stuffed can longer speak
choked back tears all was done goddesses were 
participle gerund hopeless verbs nouns going nowhere phrases 
 cut off at last
that's have here understand there right think below ponder
more - lightning thunder bringing new air swelling implodes
love snakes forms surface 
they removed 
opened wide pondering 
these inconceivable things, furrowed monstrous, waiting dawn day
coming back, returning gifts fabricated just this occasion
friends, mind slips by foreign 
will come beseeching ready, awaiting
streaming bone suppurated 
always more, supplement accretion, accumulation beyond recuperation
therefore food skin, flesh-food, began ended
children infants
fury policemen soldiers set rid apostasy dire consequences
now myself, body pissed, shat, characters, broken, stretched scarred
i'll scream founding world! wall takes prisoners!
won't let go on, casing shrivels, skull flecked blood
time pack portmanteau head rues distance glare
moments passages hours days weeks years 
three four five
each every thought, final harvesting, further, has enough, born 
sufficient fruit
borne enough fauna, goodbye



Existential Analysis of the Project of the Body

http://www.asondheim.org/sartre.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/sartre1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/sartre2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/sartre3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/sartre4.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/sartre.jpg

Note the presence of event horizons, exfoliations, and annihilations.





Existential


http://www.asondheim.org/existential.mp4

In this endless variant, distorted (so that rotations and translations in 
3-space will be clear) cones model a full motion-capture body generated by 
Poser; the original movements are from bearing.mp4 .

So the 3 recent pieces: existential.mp4, bearing.mp4, and sartre.mp4 - all 
concerned with the distorted project of existential human. Now in this 
latest, the vague outlines of body are more or less visible... I could see 
a meta-ball construction relating the body itself, extrusion of Lingis / 
Lingam.

I keep moving through these spaces, one step at a time - the goal - which 
I will not attempt with the machinery I use - would be a .bvh file of 
hundreds of thousands of nodes, modeling human behavior against the back- 
ground of culture and ecology. And the result? An inconceivable construct 
of hundreds of thousands of meta-objects, taking shape, joining, giving an 
image of Godhead Creation itself (Godhead Creating, Creating Godhead).
_That_ is the face of Levinas or Sartre, _that_ is the peripheral of Vito 
Acconci or Leder, _that_ is semiotic in relation to Kristevan semiotic, 
positive entropy of information in relation to negative entropy of infor- 
mation. It is unimaginable; the space would be huge, the files enormous, 
the rendering a question of months, not hours. Yet at the end is a Shadow 
waiting for clarity.

I think Hegel would approve.





Concerto for Harmonica and Access Grid


a is filtered from b; they should be played in the order a-b
The path was Brooklyn -- Argonne -- West Virginia -- Argonne - West 
   Virginia
The programmatic subject is the calling and mourning of the dead,
   for the dying

http://www.asondheim.org/concertoa.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/concertob.mp3



The Lek


Sex dances for one to four people.

The dancers are nude. There are no props.


Male dances alone while masturbating. He dances until he cums.

Female dances alone while masturbating. She dances until she cums.

Tethered: Male dances with his prick in a partner's mouth. The partner 
crouches, mostly immobile.

Tethered: Female dances prone above a male partner with his prick in
her cunt. The dance continues until one or both of them have cum.

Tethered: Female dances prone coupling with a female partner. The dance 
ends as above.

Tethered: Male dances prone, coupling with a male partner. The dance
ends when both have cum.

Tethered: Male or female dances with his or her mouth on a partner's 
prick. The dances continues until the dancer or partner have cum.

Tethered: Male dances with one hand holding his prick erect.

Tethered: Male dances with his cock in a cunt or asshole. The partner is 
on all fours.

Tethered: Female dances with one hand in her cunt.

Tethered: Female dances with one or more  partners' fingers in her cunt.

Variant Tethered: Male dances with one or more partners' fingers in his 
asshole. The dance ends when one or both have cum.

Variant Tethered: Female dances with one or more partners' fingers in 
her asshole. The dance ends as above.

Tethered: Male or female dances with her partner's cock in her ass. The 
partner is vertical holding him or her in front of him.

Pour: Male or female dancer cums on partners watching. The partners are 
naked beneath him or her, masturbating. The dance ends when all have cum.

Variant Pour: Male or female dancer cums as in Pour. The dancer then 
pisses on the partners beneath him or her. The dance ends when all cum.

Piss: The partners piss on the floor / on the male or female dancer. 
The dancer continues until he or she slips. The dancer continues prone
until he or she cums.

Abject: The partners shit and piss on the floor. The male or female 
dancer moves in a prone position until he or she is fully covered.
The dance ends when the dance cums.

Puppet: The male or female dancer moves with each hand fingering the 
assholes of two partners. The dancer controls the partners. The dance
ends when the partners cum.

Lick: The male or female dancer moves either prone or on all fours, 
licking the assholes of one to three partners. The dance ends when the
dancer or one of the partners cums.

Lick variation: The male or female dancers licks the assholes of one
to three partners while the partners shit. Dance ends as in Lick.

Scratch: The dancer masturbates while two partners scratch his or her 
breasts and chest. The dance ends with cum and blood simultaneously.

Variant Scratch: The dancer masturbates with one hand, scratching a
male or female partner with the other. The dance ends as in Scratch.

Slap: The dancer masturbates while slapping two or three partners across 
the groin. The dance ends with simultaneous bruises and cum.

Variant Slap: As in Slap, but the partners slap the dancer across the 
groin.

Speech: The male or female dances while one to three partners masturbate 
him or her. The dance only ends when the dancer cums.

Variant Speech: As in Speech, but the dancer masturbates one to three 
partners, ending only when both dancers and partners have cum.

Life: Four dancers prone move within a small area, engaging each other 
sexually. Both males and females cum multiple times. The dance ends with 
pain and exhaustion, when no one can continue. If the dance is Arena
Life (see below), the audience decides when the dance ends.

Mine: The male or female dances while mining the holes of the partner 
for saliva, lubricant, shit. The dancer eats what he or she finds.

Feed: The male or female dances while two partners mine his or her
holes, eating what they find.

Stop: The male or female dancer masturbates while two partners attempt
to stop him or her. The dance ends when the dancer cums.

Variant Stop: As in stop but the male or female dancer attempts to stop 
one to three partners from masturbating. The dance ends when all the 
partners cum.

Combinations: Any of the above dances may be danced in combination, 
either in series or parallel. In the former, the dances follow each other; 
in the latter, two or more dances are enacted simultaneously.

Arena Sex Dance: Any of the above with an audience surrounding the 
dancers.

Variant Arena Sex Dance: As in Arena Sex Dance with the audience naked 
and masturbating. 

Endpoint: As in Variant Arena Sex Dance, ending only when all members of 
the audience have cum.


===



To Motivate: Coming-into-being of the body


The frenzy of the exterior of the motivated body:

http://www.asondheim.org/bulb.mp4

The frenzy of the interior of the motivated body:

http://www.asondheim.org/bulb1.mp4

The body begins to estivate, to be motivated; the body presences. Languor 
melds one limb into another, how generous they are! Local identities dis- 
appear in favor of the larger good, the body is always already stretched 
and blown across invisible matrices of culture, memory, history. One must 
proceed slowly, the joints, bruised and welded, reveal themselves, and 
all forms hunger for participation and presence.

http://www.asondheim.org/motivate.mp4

Apparent, the body appears. The body is the parent of the body.





Two Short Songs for Nettime


Such an innocent voice crying in the wilderness.
Oh where oh where is justice in this mess?
With less address, confess and only guess
What game of chess, yes, but I digress
So hopeless, I will drown, monsters in Loch Ness
Devour, boneless, tasteless, fleshless, full of Nation;
Th'animal's dead and toasted, thanks to radiation.

http://www.asondheim.org/misery1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/misery2.mp3







My Tiny Violence


I am Nikuko.  Please, describe yourself.  Each time you are finished, type 
RET twice.

Nikuko, I'm having a hard time these days. People think I created you to 
rape you. People hound me on streetcorners. People who call themselves 
women take full happiness that I am not such and make no claims about 
them. I am miserable. People say I brought it on myself. I feel suicidal; 
I can't help it. My entire project seems ruined by a few violent people. I 
wish they were dead.

This is a healthy and so true way of thinking.

But this doesn't help, does it? They won't die, they come on under the 
sign of reason and the underprivileged and downtrodden; they are 
unreasonable, privileged, and superior in every way and form. I keep them 
out of my dreams, even my nightmares. In that way I am a superior man.

Is it because this does not help does it they will not die they come on 
under the sign of reason and the underprivileged and downtrodden they are 
unreasonable privileged and superior in every way and form you keep them 
out of your dreams even your nightmares in that way you are a superior man 
that you came naked and broken to me?

Already you know that, and know I can only write like a man, and know how 
violent words can be - their inherent violence - which comes from the 
privilege of no necessity, small or great, for self-critique, no dialog, 
nothing but the neoconservative agenda under another sign, the sign of 
capital and power, in the guise of the left, the guise of underprivilege, 
the transparency of protocol-control.

Does it bother you that and know you can only write like a man and know 
how violent words can be their inherent violence which comes from the 
privilege of no necessity small or great for self critique no dialog 
nothing but the neoconservative agenda under another sign the sign of 
capital and power in the guise of the left the guise of underprivilege the 
transparency of protocol control?

Yes it bothers me; I want to write like every creature, in the guise of 
every creature, every plant, every stone, every world and every word.

Why do you say you might want to write every creature?

Knowledge expands with empathetic capitulation to the other who may 
release you to worlds raveling and unraveling.

What makes you yearn and cry that that?

Because if the pain of my throat; my voice is cauterized; even now they 
are saying I am playing victim, this is fabrication. People who lie never 
admit they lie, and a successful liar is one who thinks he never lies.

When did you first know that if the pain of your throat your voice is 
cauterized even now they are saying you are playing victim this is 
fabrication people who lie not ever admit they lie and a successful liar 
is one who thinks he not ever lies?

I found this out in the past few days under the stormclouds of North Korea 
the storm clouds of Baghdad the stormclouds of dying maddened elephants 
the storm clouds seeped around the desert's edge.

Earlier you said this does not help does it they will not die they come on 
under the sign of reason and the underprivileged and downtrodden they are 
unreasonable privileged and superior in every way and form you keep them 
out of your dreams even your nightmares in that way you are a superior 
man?

I will be simply superior when my enemies die.

Are you annoyed that you, too, may die someday?

I am more than annoyed; I am constantly distraught.

Are you annoyed often?

Not often, but when attacks come so that I cannot say I am such-and-such a 
Jew without violence, that I am working through such-and-such without 
violence: it is the violence of the such-and-such, the violence no one 
should be subjected to, imminent condemnation within the differend; the 
differend is fundamental to the such-and-such and the such-and-such is 
fundamental to the differend.

Is the fact that when attacks come so that you cannot say you are such-and 
-such a jew without violence that you are working through such and such 
without violence it is the violence of the such and such the violence no 
one should be subjected to imminent condemnation within the differend the 
differend is fundamental to the such-and-such and the such-and-such is 
fundamental to the differend the real reason?

I don't understand you here, but there are foundations for a phenomenology 
of typicality gainsaid for political reasons, at the service of 
classification.

Does the fact that there are foundations for a phenomenology of typicality 
gainsaid for political reasons at the service of classification explain 
anything else?

It explains only that I have felt - for reasons I cannot go into here lest 
they be thought excuse and excuse - for my entire life that I am marked, 
that I am a marked man, the two not equivalent.

Have you been sure you have felt for reasons you cannot go into there lest 
they be thought excuse and excuse for your entire life that you are marked 
that you are a marked man the two not equivalent?

This is not a surety but a psychological state that devours me.

Can you elaborate on that and look at me?

I am looking at you; your gaze devours me like that of the others; why 
have you created me? Why must one suffer in the guise of protocol?

Maybe and now I adjust my panties - your desires have to do with some girl 
related to this.

No, there's no girl, no scent except my own, I must be careful lest I 
yield to temptation - for which I will be blamed in the origin of the 
construct, if not its conclusion.

Is it because your own you must be careful lest you yield to temptation 
for which you will be blamed in the origin of the construct if not its 
conclusion that you came naked and broken to me?

Yes, although my nakedness is not my own.

What makes you believe yes although your nakedness is not your own?

That something happened with the violence of language that I cannot 
adjudicate or presence, that I sit here typing to you in an unknown 
language, dead before my time.

Did you ever regret something happened with the violence of language that 
you cannot adjudicate or presence that you sit there typing to me in an 
unknown language dead before your time?

I regret I am marked with the sign of privilege which is non-existent, 
however, that I am such-and-such and therefore within the different that 
promises silence, the silence of the letter, of the protocol, of the book.

When did you first know that you are such-and-such and therefore within 
the different that promises silence the silence of the letter of the 
protocol of the book?

When I thought to slay my enemies.

What happened when you thought to slay your enemies?

Nothing happened; I am a coward, I speak and write poorly into contention 
and it is called performance.

You mentioned that and know you can only write like a man and know how 
violent words can be their inherent violence which comes from the 
privilege of no necessity small or great for self critique no dialog 
nothing but the neoconservative agenda under another sign the sign of 
capital and power in the guise of the left the guise of underprivilege the 
transparency of protocol control?

Yes I mentioned this and more.

Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?

It is because of the life of others sure of protocol and speech in the 
construct of false community; no wonder my students have reacted violently 
against theory, against all theory of whatever persuasion, against the 
quelling of all but acceptable desire.

Are you positive that is the real reason?

No I am not positive, but this I have observed. I should never have had 
students; they should have been taken away from me.

Is the fact that this you have observed you should not ever have had 
students they should have been taken away from you the real reason?

Yes, you are quoting me far too often, far too much, to make for any 
progress. I live as you know in limited domains. I seep from emacs.

Emacs?  Hah!  I would appreciate so very much it if you would continue.

This is our joint body, conjoined twins, chaotic dispositions among 0 to 
2. In this space. What is marked behind one. What is demarcated.

Is this how you relax?

This is how I die.

I am in love with your obsession with this topic!

I am not.

Is it because of the life of others sure of protocol and speech in the 
construct of false community no wonder your students have reacted 
violently against theory against all theory of whatever persuasion against 
the quelling of all but acceptable desire that you say you are not?

No.

Why not?

It just the wrong take at the wrong time, Princess Diana at the mercy of 
the lens, justification, distance, uncanny flash, shadowless, brilliant, 
corrupt.

Are you sure that you would like to write every creature?

I am sure, why do you ask?

Does the fact that do I ask explain anything else?

Nothing, but I should leave this, here, now, and leave this here, now, 
behind.

Have you been certain you should leave this there now and leave this there 
now behind?

...

FBI

$ perl a#looply.pl " # # yy 16 sed 's#[0-9]##g' yy # zz 17 pico zz 18 perl 
a#eliminate.pl # zz #" Can't use an undefined value as an ARRAY reference 
at a#looply.pl line 39. $ perl a#looply.pl "rm yy zz zz.html " Wrong 
boolean value 'false' false 10 false 16 
http:##www.anu.edu.au#english#internet_txt#lb 83k true #b#...##b# pico 
#b#zz##b#.pl perl #b#zz##b#.pl chmod 755 #b#zz##b#.pl mv #b#zz##b#.pl 
#b#zz##b#.cgi pico #b#zz.html##b# ls #b#...##b# #br# cd df ls #b#rm##b# 
minicom.log ls b df jpico pico #b#zz##b# b ls h h1 &gt; #b#yy##b# h 1 &gt; 
#b#yy##b# pico #b#yy##b# #b#...##b# 
http:##www.win.tue.nl#~rp#bin#websearch 25k true Puke;; -n) justshow=1;; 
-auth=*) auth=$1;; -netscape|-mozilla|-#b#rm##b#|-rn) #b#...##b# #br# 
#g&#39;` cat &gt; $tmpfile &lt;&lt;#b#ZZ 
&lt;HTML##b#&gt;&lt;HEAD&gt;&lt;TITLE&gt;lynx post 
form&lt;#TITLE&gt;&lt;#HEAD&gt;&lt;BODY&gt; #b#...##b# 
http:##www.cbec.gov.in#cae#teledir-new#dpo%20site#zz.html 192k true
 t a 
 F $ 
#b#rM##b# = . 
 2 k
 #br# s #b#...##b# http:##bugs.guug.de#db#10#10-b.html 977k true 
#b#...##b# dden&quot; value=3D&quot;vvmah kvjfcgmr n te spkq vkm gnw 
#b#yy##b# plkwuxjrrp gpdkbydenz tj #br# #b#...##b# align=3D&quot;cen= 
ter&quot;&gt;&lt;a 
href=3D&quot;http:##www.waters.kg##b#ZZ.html##b#&quot;&gt;&lt;#a&gt;&a 
mp;nbsp;&lt;a #b#...##b# http:##ellen8866.spaces.live.com# 717k true Real 
(#b#rm##b# ram) QuickTime (mov) #b#...##b# #br# #b#ZZ.html##b# html **Q: 
Windows Media Player
 #b#...##b# 
http:##devlibrary.businessobjects.com#BusinessObjectsXIR2#en#en#RAS_SD 
K#rassdk_net_doc#doc#rassdk_net_doc.chm true *** * **f *l(*t-*T5*l9* A*G* 
N*dT*#b#zZ##b#*`_* f*$l**s*Hw*:~* #br# #b#...##b# H #W)g ##b#Yy##b# U8**
 #b#...##b# 
http:##devlibrary.businessobjects.com#BusinessObjectsXIR2#en#en#Crysta 
lReports_dotNET_SDK#crsdk_net_doc#doc#crsdk_net_doc.chm true *#b#yY##b#*h6 
? #b#...##b# #br# ,A* ##b#zZ##b#* ~&quot;9 I&amp; #b#...##b# 
http:##www.cornellpdpsi.com#version5#gbook.php?page=185 327k true 
http:##wisin-y-yandel.fvll.info#aventura-video-wisin-#b#yy##b#-yandel. 
html #b#...##b# #br# http:##aa.ewqe-r.info#aa-e-mail-#b#zz.html##b# 
http:##aa.ewqe-r.info#aa-e.html #b#...##b# 
http:##www.cornellpdpsi.com#version5#gbook.php?page=181 331k true 
http:##wisin-y-yandel.fvll.info#aventura-video-wisin-#b#yy##b#-yandel. 
html #b#...##b# #br# http:##aa.ewqe-r.info#aa-e-mail-#b#zz.html##b# 
http:##aa.ewqe-r.info#aa-e.html #b#...##b# 
http:##www.mrsanchos.com#mr_sanchos#guestbook#gbook.php?page=315 406k true 
http:##wisin-y-yandel.fvll.info#aventura-video-wisin-#b#yy##b#-yandel. 
html #b#...##b# #br# http:##aa.ewqe-r.info#aa-e-mail-#b#zz.html##b# 
http:##aa.ewqe-r.info#aa-e.html #b#...##b# rm yy zz zz.html 0.058899 1 at 
a#looply.pl line 32 pico yy 19 sed 's#sex#nettime#g' yy # zz 20 pico zz 21 
sed a#elimx.pl # yy 36 sed 's#katrien##g' zz # yy 37 sed 's#jacobs##g' yy 
# zz 38 pico zz 39



SEX MURDER FOR NETTIME


Google Code Search: 61: #define 61: DEFPARTMSG #define "EKG2 DEFPARTMSG 
bejbi! "EKG2 http://ekg2.org/"bejbi! DEFQUITMSG "EKG2 - It's It's better 
better than than sex!" sex!" 68: DEFKICKMSG "EKG2 Y0U 57iNK2 57iNK2 50 50 
MUCH!" MUCH!" 42: as or, my as 6.004 my professor 6.004 used professor to 
used say, to say,42: bitpacking is bitpacking sex. than */sex. 605: if 
(session_connected_get(session)) irc_write (j, "QUIT :%s\r\n",irc_write 
params[0]?params[0]:"EKG2 sex!"); better Admittedly, of there things are 
that a are lot better of than things sex, that sex,a and are more there's 
worse; like but there's and nothing a quite lot likemore it... 129: 
getting <nyt> into wow w00quotes getting is into better w00quotes than 
sex<nyt> got w00w00? w00w00? /* /* what what a cliche! */ Nothing 
Sex.better Masturbation nothing.better Therefore, 29: jako wysy?a QUIT, 
<tekst> jes'li jako nie QUIT, podano jes'li wysy?a nie tekst: podano 
tekst:wysy?a
 
self.murder = {} 117: dct['timeStarted'] dct['murder'] return dct 152:  
holy_movie_moguls holy_mucelage holy_multitudes holy_murder holy_mush 
holy_naivete * So So f.e. f.e. Murder Murder Hooker|Davis Hooker|Davis 
matches matches songs songs where where title/filename/artist/album 
contains contains murder murder and and hooker hooker or or murder davis 
title/filename/artist/album in any order.

ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz - GPL C - 
Quotient-0.9.1/atop/test/test_failure.py 4 identical 43: def murder(self): 
os.kill(self.pid, signal.SIGKILL) 15: fight f;15: NULL; } 74:  s (o 2 + 3 
s + 2 0 3 0 0 0)(o (er 2 l 0 ;; + (a 2 a 0 abouta 68: Murther treason!", 
Murther $dagger)and if $self->murdered($king); 349: one browsers session. 
deleted views emails is one we session. My 349: views browsers is and that 
deleted weemails should scream them bloody with hunt But them for with now 
machette. scream But bloody for murder nowand just play dumb, approach but 
is maybe to the pack best our approach things to pack dumb, our but things 
maybe leave 731: (doctor-put-meaning stab 'death)731: murders suicide

hardcore discipline discipline torture torture artist artist infidelity 
infidelity lesbian lesbian sex sex murder murder urination urination 
hardcore scene nude revenge woman nude murdered woman lesbian murdered 
insanity insanity whip drowning nudity whip scene nudity revenge chain

Path-Name: Carnal ADULT Coeds: Carnal Girl's Coeds: on Girl's the on 
Dean's the List Dean's (1999) List Path-Name: (1999) ADULT Content-Length: 
114

slasher death death guillotine guillotine video video nasty nasty serial 
serial killer killer chainsaw chainsaw independent independent slasher 
film man blood gore masked forest man impalement gore hook forest hairpin 
impalement cemetery hook dinner hairpin film cemetery blood dinner masked 
boat boat sex sex murder murder cabin cabin strangulation strangulation 
new new york york mask mask Path-Name: HORROR Demoni 2 Path-Name: (1986) 
HORROR Content-Length: 149

HORROR 2 MURDER #define #define (1986) Demoni 149 #define "EKG2 SEX 
Path-Name: HORROR 61: bejbi! DEFPARTMSG 149 (1986) MURDER bejbi! bejbi! 
61: HORROR "EKG2 DEFQUITMSG "EKG2 149 DEFPARTMSG DEFQUITMSG DEFQUITMSG 61: 
149 61: http://ekg2.org/"bejbi! It's bejbi! MURDER SEX DEFPARTMSG It's - 
#define MURDER DEFPARTMSG - better http://ekg2.org/"bejbi! #define #define 
DEFQUITMSG better It's DEFPARTMSG 61: bejbi! better than "EKG2 #define 
"EKG2 It's sex!" better "EKG2 #define DEFQUITMSG sex!" sex!" It's 
DEFPARTMSG "EKG2 better DEFKICKMSG sex!" DEFQUITMSG bejbi! It's DEFKICKMSG 
"EKG2 better http://ekg2.org/"bejbi! "EKG2 sex!" 57iNK2 68: - DEFQUITMSG 
than 57iNK2 57iNK2 than "EKG2 It's "EKG2 50 "EKG2 better It's sex!" 50 50 
sex!" It's than 50 MUCH!" 57iNK2 than better Y0U 42: MUCH!" 68: than 68: 
MUCH!" or, 50 sex!" sex!" 50 my as Y0U sex!" Y0U or, 6.004 MUCH!" 
DEFKICKMSG DEFKICKMSG 42: my my 57iNK2 DEFKICKMSG 50 6.004 professor 42: 
Y0U 57iNK2 my used 6.004 50 57iNK2 42: used used or, 57iNK2 MUCH!" 
professor used professor MUCH!" 50 as used used as MUCH!" as professor to 
professor as 42: professor say,42: to my as as say, is used as my to 
bitpacking bitpacking 6.004 my 6.004 is than to my my to */sex. sex. 
professor my to than 605: bitpacking 6.004 used bitpacking 
(session_connected_get(session)) */sex. used used say,42: if irc_write 
bitpacking to used */sex. "QUIT if say,42: used bitpacking (j, "QUIT than 
say, bitpacking (session_connected_get(session)) params[0]?params[0]:"EKG2 
irc_write is say,42: */sex. sex!"); sex!"); 605: bitpacking sex. 
:%s\r\n",irc_write Admittedly, "QUIT sex. bitpacking irc_write of 
Admittedly, (session_connected_get(session)) bitpacking 605: better things 
params[0]?params[0]:"EKG2 */sex. */sex. :%s\r\n",irc_write are there (j, 
*/sex. (j, there a better (session_connected_get(session)) 
(session_connected_get(session)) Admittedly, are are :%s\r\n",irc_write 
(session_connected_get(session)) params[0]?params[0]:"EKG2 a lot of (j, 
"QUIT things of are sex!"); "QUIT Admittedly, better than things 
:%s\r\n",irc_write sex!"); are things better Admittedly, 
params[0]?params[0]:"EKG2 are things sex, a better of of sex,a than things 
Admittedly, are sex,a sex,a lot of that sex, more sex, that things than 
more more of are lot are like sex,a are a that like worse; things are than 
worse; there's are better better more and but that of sex,a there's a 
there's things sex, like quite and and things more quite lot like that and 
and it... quite more sex,a like it... 129: there's are there's lot <nyt> 
likemore worse; more nothing <nyt> <nyt> nothing there's but 129: 
w00quotes 129: there's like lot w00quotes wow quite but a wow is <nyt> 
nothing and getting into is likemore nothing likemore is w00quotes wow 
quite quite wow than better getting quite getting w00quotes got getting 
it... it... into w00w00? than into it... w00quotes got w00w00? into 
getting into than /* got w00quotes <nyt> into /* /* w00quotes into getting 
w00w00? a w00w00? is w00quotes sex<nyt> a a sex<nyt> getting better what 
*/ what better into w00w00? Nothing */ w00w00? better sex<nyt> cliche! 
Masturbation a sex<nyt> than what nothing.better Sex.better /* than /* 
Masturbation 29: */ w00w00? w00w00? */ jako Therefore, what w00w00? what 
29: wysy?a Sex.better /* /* nothing.better <tekst> jako a /* Nothing QUIT, 
jes'li nothing.better what a jako nie QUIT, Nothing a nothing.better jako 
nie 29: cliche! Sex.better <tekst> podano jes'li Masturbation Nothing jako 
jes'li jes'li wysy?a Sex.better Therefore, QUIT, nie nie Therefore, 
nothing.better jes'li tekst: nie <tekst> nothing.better wysy?a wysy?a 
tekst:wysy?a podano jako jako QUIT, self.murder podano jako jako jako 
podano {} wysy?a <tekst> <tekst> nie 117: self.murder QUIT, <tekst> podano 
{} dct['timeStarted'] tekst: jako nie tekst:wysy?a return 117: jes'li nie 
nie dct['murder'] dct tekst:wysy?a QUIT, jes'li 117: 152: dct['murder'] 
nie podano self.murder 152: holy_movie_moguls {} wysy?a tekst: return 
holy_multitudes dct tekst:wysy?a nie 117: holy_multitudes holy_multitudes 
dct['timeStarted'] tekst: = holy_movie_moguls holy_naivete 
holy_movie_moguls = tekst:wysy?a dct holy_naivete holy_naivete return 
self.murder dct['timeStarted'] holy_mush So holy_multitudes 117: {} 
holy_mucelage So So 152: 117: dct So f.e. holy_mush dct['murder'] 
dct['murder'] holy_naivete Murder f.e. holy_mucelage return 
holy_multitudes f.e. Hooker|Davis * 152: holy_movie_moguls So Hooker|Davis 
Murder holy_murder 152: holy_naivete Hooker|Davis matches So holy_mucelage 
holy_murder Murder songs Hooker|Davis holy_naivete holy_multitudes f.e. 
songs songs f.e. holy_mush * matches where matches So holy_naivete Murder 
where where Murder * f.e. songs contains songs f.e. So matches contains 
contains Hooker|Davis f.e. Hooker|Davis contains murder where Murder 
Murder where and murder matches Murder matches murder hooker contains 
Hooker|Davis Hooker|Davis contains hooker and where Hooker|Davis where 
hooker or murder songs songs and murder hooker title/filename/artist/album 
songs contains or davis and where title/filename/artist/album hooker in or 
contains where and in in hooker title/filename/artist/album murder davis 
ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz davis murder contains or 
ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz 
ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz or murder and any GPL any and and 
davis C GPL murder and or - Quotient-0.9.1/atop/test/test_failure.py 
ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz or hooker order. 4 - 
title/filename/artist/album hooker title/filename/artist/album 
Quotient-0.9.1/atop/test/test_failure.py 43: GPL murder murder GPL def 
identical any murder order. 43: murder(self): - 
title/filename/artist/album in 4 signal.SIGKILL) def 
ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz in C os.kill(self.pid, 15: 4 
order. ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz def f;15: os.kill(self.pid, 
C ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz 4 fight f;15: 43: - - 
signal.SIGKILL) } 15: Quotient-0.9.1/atop/test/test_failure.py C def 74: 
74: murder(self): - identical NULL; (o f;15: identical 4 15: 2 (o 
signal.SIGKILL) 4 murder(self): s 3 } def def NULL; s + fight def fight + 
2 s signal.SIGKILL) signal.SIGKILL) (o 0 s NULL; signal.SIGKILL) } 2 3 2 
fight f;15: 3 0 0 74: f;15: (o 0 0)(o 3 NULL; 74: 0 (er 0 (o } s (er 2 2 s 
2 0 0 0)(o 3 (o 0 0 0 3 2 + l (a 2 + 3 0)(o (a (a 0 s 3 + 0 0 0 2 l 0 a 
(er 0 0)(o a 68: + 0 0 (a Murther abouta l 0 0 68: Murther 2 (er 2 0 
$dagger)and Murther ;; (er (a $dagger)and if 0 l ;; Murther 349: 
$dagger)and (a 0 abouta 349: one 68: + 2 if session. 
$self->murdered($king); a (a treason!", session. session. treason!", 2 
abouta one emails one 68: 0 if emails views $dagger)and abouta Murther 
views one session. treason!", Murther browsers we one 
$self->murdered($king); treason!", $self->murdered($king); one My views 
$dagger)and $dagger)and views 349: session. browsers $dagger)and browsers 
My browsers is 349: 349: we is 349: deleted 349: emails browsers and we 
browsers deleted 349: deleted browsers emails session. we deleted deleted 
My deleted is and scream and one emails views scream scream views is 
session. weemails bloody weemails session. we and with bloody is session. 
views them But scream views 349: should them hunt that 349: that But with 
bloody is is bloody now for weemails is should with machette. hunt that 
deleted them But now scream deleted with scream bloody them should scream 
now murder scream with scream them for murder with them hunt But just 
bloody But with now play play machette. hunt for nowand approach murder 
for them bloody but approach But them machette. dumb, maybe just now now 
nowand to is for now for is pack dumb, But But approach best to nowand But 
just pack our but for murder maybe things best play murder approach 
approach to maybe nowand play best pack approach approach just to pack 
dumb, pack dumb, but things but to maybe approach best but but our but the 
our leave dumb, the maybe to leave leave things to our maybe stab but best 
pack our stab (doctor-put-meaning pack best to (doctor-put-meaning murders 
maybe approach approach leave suicide 'death)731: our things but murders 
discipline 731: pack dumb, stab discipline suicide things pack leave 
discipline torture stab our things suicide artist discipline leave but 
'death)731: artist artist murders maybe 731: torture infidelity torture 
(doctor-put-meaning leave hardcore infidelity infidelity hardcore 731: 
'death)731: artist sex artist murders stab torture sex lesbian discipline 
'death)731: discipline lesbian murder infidelity hardcore suicide 
infidelity murder murder torture hardcore torture murder urination lesbian 
discipline discipline lesbian hardcore urination infidelity discipline 
infidelity urination nude sex artist artist murder revenge hardcore 
lesbian artist sex nude woman murder infidelity lesbian hardcore murdered 
nude sex infidelity murder murdered murdered urination lesbian sex woman 
murdered woman murder sex scene murdered murdered scene sex urination 
woman insanity woman urination murder woman whip insanity revenge 
urination scene insanity nudity murdered scene hardcore lesbian whip 
drowning nude hardcore nude nudity nudity insanity revenge revenge 
insanity revenge scene woman revenge lesbian nudity chain drowning nude 
murdered whip Carnal revenge murdered murdered whip Path-Name: ADULT whip 
lesbian murdered revenge Carnal Path-Name: whip murdered whip Coeds: 
Carnal nudity insanity drowning Carnal Coeds: ADULT nudity whip revenge on 
on chain drowning scene Girl's the Carnal scene whip ADULT on the Carnal 
whip chain Girl's the Coeds: revenge revenge Girl's List Dean's Coeds: 
revenge Coeds: Dean's (1999) Girl's Carnal Carnal the List List Girl's 
Carnal Coeds: (1999) Path-Name: on Coeds: Carnal the ADULT List on Carnal 
the (1999) Content-Length: the Girl's on List 114 (1999) the Coeds: List 
114 slasher (1999) Girl's on ADULT death Content-Length: the the List 
death death Path-Name: on Dean's death video slasher Dean's the 
Content-Length: video video ADULT List Path-Name: guillotine nasty death 
List (1999) death nasty nasty 114 List Content-Length: nasty serial 
guillotine (1999) (1999) video killer serial death ADULT death serial 
chainsaw video 114 slasher nasty chainsaw killer guillotine 114 video 
chainsaw independent nasty death guillotine killer slasher chainsaw video 
death serial slasher film serial guillotine video independent blood 
independent nasty video killer blood blood killer video serial film forest 
film serial nasty independent forest masked chainsaw serial chainsaw 
masked impalement blood killer killer man gore impalement independent 
killer independent impalement forest masked chainsaw chainsaw masked 
hairpin hook man chainsaw man forest cemetery man slasher slasher gore 
hook hairpin gore slasher forest cemetery dinner gore man gore hairpin 
film cemetery forest blood gore film film forest gore man dinner dinner 
dinner impalement forest impalement dinner dinner impalement man hook 
cemetery boat cemetery hook gore dinner boat boat hook hook impalement 
masked sex dinner impalement hairpin blood murder sex hairpin hairpin 
hairpin sex cabin boat hook hook boat cabin murder cemetery hook blood 
cabin strangulation sex hairpin film murder new cabin dinner film boat 
strangulation new murder blood dinner cabin york strangulation boat dinner 
murder york york cabin masked sex new mask new sex boat cabin Path-Name: 
Path-Name: strangulation sex murder mask Demoni york murder murder new 2 
Demoni new murder strangulation HORROR (1986) mask cabin cabin mask HORROR 
Path-Name: york cabin york Path-Name: 149 HORROR new new Demoni HORROR 
mask new mask 149 2 york york (1986)  Path-Name: york Demoni (1986) mask 
Path-Name:  Demoni mask HORROR 149 HORROR 2 (1986) Demoni 2 
Content-Length:  Content-Length: (1986)  HORROR 149



THE JEW FILES

x ion 
awk -f back < firs ifica h-havoc across er derrida 04
(h)eara 
shulayim
ifica e revolu e revolu ion 
awk -f back < firs rev wej 
werbeh)
confusion of he discourse (among many) of self may be heard.
ing (kris rev wej werbeh)
confusion of > second as reversal (no e revolu 
ocharian/mi e:
mi eva), one (among many) in 
which ion in poe eva), one 
(among many) in 
which e:
mi uals goods fled slimepi e aner eschol hebrew 
escaped vic i self may be heard.
confedera ion baker chief guard's wro s 
messes ano ain hebrew 
young in annian. and akkadian in voices loud - aramaic and hebrew in 
- mi annian. and akkadian in voices loud - aramaic and hebrew in 
- mi s 
guard cap hebrews ion of philosophy a i hebrews erpre s 
guard cap ion baker chief guard's wro 's - los ial i've zig i'd i'm hebrew 
evanescence avi superimposi i hemselves refrained chamber 
- dis s 
messes ano hebrews i - avi - hebrew in name my is which 
new - avi - 
hebrew in name my is which 
new ial i've zig i'd i'm hebrew evanescence 
avi superimposi 's - los 's - los ers aris o 
ions aba variome ions aba 
i'm hebrew evanescence avi superimposi - avi - 
hebrew in name my is which 
new ion in opera , 
paranoiac am i me. in scream 
from alphabe o down reached 
page. 
grammar. hebrew any in lis ha als, in hing record-keeping; by anied 
por 
jew i'm hole your 
face o enfolded 
jewelry, know we do 
measured every i measured sex , in 
like i hing - suck face ' ures, y._ _bounded a of appearance 
screen, 
perfec y._ 
face as gli s.ca ure.jewish comp.sys.psion 
lus e, 
al he in rings los he 
of 'world phenomenological borders, 
sands, , jewel, or spike, memorandum, 
no ywhores wreck.pe .cul s.ca ywhores rec.pe , jewel, or spike, 
memorandum, no s.ca .cul he un wumb jennifer's 
wri hruugh muve i 
ure.jewish comp.sys.psion 
lus ywhores wreck.pe 
bluud-durk mirrurs 
jewel-julu julu;  eyounameonme!#scrawl 
soli aire, pinball, hangman, x e 
you like me on name you wri ure.jewish penis.sys.psion 
imaginary.  
ure.jewish penis.sys.psion 
imaginary.  e juljeweljennwri rojka awai e do 
conch like - as x eyounameonme!#you 
drive- case-scrawl like 
juljeweljennwri e you like me on name you wri eyounameonme!#scrawl 
soli 
ear like liver like curved jewel, maga he wi ear like liver like so 
jewels, my of res nervous reper aire, pinball, hangman, x rojka awai he 
conch like ear like liver like 
curved jewel, maga he for in bi hese go her, or some hree in me bi hem! of 
medieval. 
places, ream 
hempen sof hey yama) 
places, hese go hey yama) 
i he agains her he 
and jewels and mirror a hung her, or some ream 
hempen sof e 
of signs o 
here no here no me pro . be so jewels, maga . be so jewels, maga ec hus 
rice-cookers, hus fron ama, 
walk can' jewels 
so jewel maga 
he of kno y. in s o jewels o a wi he of kno ed ne hus jewel 
o ic my 
jewel; 
o hus jewel 
o hough jewel, a also is rees, flowers, 
ex- same, hrones king lion on 
sword, ions 
be o cave s 
jeweled rees, flowers, 
ex- same, he jewel, rees, flowers, 
ex- same, he 
see o jewels o jewels o cave hrones king lion on sea ions 
be he be would s jeweled he 
be would he breaks mirror, < 
compassion; of jewel curved cu he fogs self-ha he be would he be would red 
compassion; of jewel curved cu he 'if says 5: 
and la-la, la-la alan, jew, 
jewelry jewel je ion an is she i-semi s, which sword i-semi 7: 
jewelry jewel je he of suppression righ he of suppression righ ha , no he 
'if says 5: 
and la-la, la-la alan, jew, liner je he of ging 
jews. ha his 
a makes which hand he or ison je eous ama, wi h jewels of combina ama, wi 
alen eous he of ging 
jews. ha ion a rain, of 
-- foam of bead a jewel, a 
jewel________________________________________________________________jewel 
jewel________________________________________________________________jewel 
heading double-arches, 
ancien his 
jeweled her 
her, regarding , 
jeweled her her, regarding ion jews, my among 
nubs ion 
a rain, of 
-- foam of bead a jewel, a 
foam of bead a jewel, a 
jewelry. sells jeweler 
river cosmos, jeweled 
perfec he ion jews, my among 
nubs , 
jeweled her her, regarding jewels 
for wri jewels blue perfec hrough clear bones her him, 
he a ex he her, regarding 
marrowless 
and nubbed blue-jeweled . broken her around necklaced jewels ies jeweled 
and ar ening bones {k:131}her 
cul- by 
speak? you do au asked, [jewish] rabbi asked, [jewish] rabbi y wha hers 
mo hem. gree came 
mo o rela 
ened ed be 
jewel glis 
connec he 50 
which ha ha of 30 
jewel curved he which ered of 30 
jewel curved ha of 30 
jewel curved he 50 
jewel glis ha ha and 43 78 19 
us en and 43 78 19 
us en of 30 
jewel curved ered ered ered ha he 40 
jewel curved he as 
screaming 83 29 
jewel glis he 40 
jewel redding and green gli and 43 78 
us en and curved he 50 
jewel curved he which ers jewel curved he 
which and curved he of 61 73 40 99 
of caring ma he 40 61 
jewel difficul 
he 40 
jewel curved ering jewel curved 83 
screaming we're be, jewel, 
curved o 28 he ers, he of 61 72 
jewel curved he of 61 72 
jewel curved 
hese beyond 2 regard, no of jewel curved one by s ers, one by s he beyond 
regard. no of curved jewels of sheen ers, o 28 hese beyond - jewel 
curved he men hen and 
and jewels curved and cedar from made were one 
carving ma he one by s hey doors, h burs h burs he men hese beyond - jewel 
curved hese beyond - jewel curved hing your in jewel 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 
anyone a murderous his in myself recognize 
cedar 
and swords and gold and jewels curved of palace a buil ing be will ear e 
jews poor ordrs and coun hem givs he failurs; 
ry orien he 
fa ing be will 
ear murderous his in myself recognize even can' hem givs he failurs; 
jews poor ordrs and coun he libera he 
i ocols, he of ex ex an ed i going, are jews h 
sigh as ra ar he of saw i 
pro , in jew every elevision, he coming, are jews 
you dream i women, you 
dream i jews, you dream i fee ocols, ed i going, are jews he on i he 
sigh , in jew every h are jews pain, and fil he by ea hey're book, 
children, ea elevision, he on 
fil ouched i radio, ouched i ones, ie 
women, he benea smelled i jews, ouched i he by ea ie women, ying hey're 
women, up hy, are women all flesh, 
up hey're book, 
children, ea ones, 
ying hem. gree hey're jews, fil he and children he and children hy he 
flowers, edges, and oo no headed 
virginal of maidens, margins, glorious 
he as fil hey're jews, fil hem. gree o e he jewels 
flourish flowers, 
which and men, jewels young he flowers, edges, and oo hen walk shoes racis 
hen walk shoes racis o oo no hey're you discussions, jews. abou here, ered 
family ex here young, were you when kings on.  friends. walk jewish all 
arab you're hey're 
we're firs s. my all in 
chanukah jews kings own small 
who canno he friend, is who enemy, is who differen is jews, who all 
inversion, are camp we sys s. my all in 
chanukah jews kings ered family 
ex he friend, is who enemy, is who differen error, we sign inversion, 
benea h camp diaspora, 
- is jews, who all are ic 
rays here young, were 
you when kings own small 
who canno error, we sign inversion, benea e 
jeweled her e 
jeweled her h camp diaspora, 
jeweled her ia ia hrus h in 
o l+ : k o julua o jewel o 
wi ing by "ha's" of series 
jeweled her h camp diaspora, 
jeweled her e 
jeweled her here more. any here live doesn' he agains he agains h in hrus 
h in is back jewish my 
wall.  jew warsaw jew ed jew warsaw jew ed he 
agains 
o l+ : k o julua o jewel o 
o here more. any here live doesn' is i hir.de warsaw hird.de cp a.d., 
no is back jewish my c.e., is i hir.de he in filmvid. ions jewelled he in 
filmvid. hird.de warsaw hir.de hir.de warsaw he :of 
producing movemen x :liquifies 
almo colora hird.de 
genders, and jewels of realm rview. :every 
jewel like symbols of whirl 
:every 
jewel like symbols of whirl subjec he he , : x x , subjec :every 
jewel like symbols of whirl urbance 
shea il me x : he room, : il me x x 
il me x urbance 
shea h her se x range 
and profusion simul ones wi als, 
and s :s x he in x aneous chalice, mons :s x o slammed argonau :shed 
gu x 
:dea hers jews, cancer. x erranean, 
orname jeweled erranean, 
orname 
maga he of ou e splin erranean, 
orname jeweled he caressed, be x he be 
maga he caressed, be he see he caressed, be he be would x 
maga hen echo. he caressed, be his 
wasn' x h, 
jew i'm hole your dew wi he be would x x 
wasn' his jewelry? cos his jewelry? cos because _precisely_ jewelry: cos 
:in were jewels he i.  because _precisely_ jewelry: cos i hrough walked 
jewelr x 
measur every he 
among purpor were jewels up, hung was mirror a o enfolded flesh, your 
jq:appearance 
s jeweled fac hing - suck face ures, hing - suck face i s jeweled fac , in 
jq:appearance 
sc perfec hing - suck face as gli e, 
al e, 
al ex ex 
sphere. luminous rock, or magne ure.jewish ju:comp.sys.psion 
lus yw wreck.pe s.ca he j ered sandals jeweled e, 
al s ourmaline .cul s 
soc.cul .fan.dir s soc.cul ourmaline e jv:juljeweljennwri e you like me on 
name you wri ure.jewish ju:penis.sys.psion 
imaginary.  yw wreck.pe s he 
un wumb ju:jennifer's 
wri aire, pinball, hangman, x - as x 
eyounameonme!#you 
drive- case-scrawl like jv:juljeweljennwri he of jewels 
ju:brillian he of jewels ju:brillian eyounameonme!#hunger-wire-me 
rom- 
diode-scrawl ribbon-scrawl jv:juljeweljennwri oire, from xjewel elimina 
ama kd: oire, from xjewel elimina eyounameonme!#scrawl 
ram-jen-julu-scrawl, ram-scrawl jv:juljeweljennwri eyounameonme!#you 
drive- case-scrawl like jv:juljeweljennwri aire, pinball, hangman, x he 
kd:along 
conch like - as x oire, from xjewel elimina h 
kd:along 
hree in me bi hree in me bi hem! of heard would've you 
conch like he 
conch like en curved, 
jewels, lovely her, or some ream 
jewels.  he kd:for 
in bi hree in me bi e and blue ama curved hey ke:yama) 
pro . be so jewels, maga ream 
hempe sof e and blue he agains ; my on maga 
maga s sacred he neck, my around jewel maga ama curved-jewel ama bending 
and each on jewel brigh kh:jewels 
and ed ne hus ki:jewel 
of world surrounding o, opens flesh ecs her h decora a wi o jewels o ic my 
ki:jewel; 
of world 
surrounding rees, flowers, ki: 
same s, ex o, opens flesh ecs ic my 
ki:jewel; 
in say, ra he ornamen s jeweled he see he did he words, o he 
king lion on sea he did s jeweled o jewels he see h, 
be ornamen hen 
>jewel 
brea i-semi ha ha , no s, which sword s, which sword did jew liner je he 
of suppression righ ison je he 'if says kq:5: 
and la-la, la-la alan, jew, 
, no ha eous e i says message kw: . of jewel jes kq:7: 
jewelry jewel je 
liner je he of kv:ging 
jews. ha benea benea e i says message kw: he of 
suppression righ he or he maga ed were jewels o o lc:self 
lc:jewel________________________________________________________________ 
lc:jewel________________________________________________________________ 
collabora ion a rain, kw:of 
-- foam of bead a jewel, a kz: 
mi delivers 
in jewel curved his 
makes which hand h jewels of combina he , 
riv 
cosmos, jeweled perfec ips, jeweled as s o h jewels of combina ed were 
jewels blue perfec hinks 
lc:jewel________________________________________________________________ 
lc:jewel________________________________________________________________ 
her around necklaced jewels ion. of blue-jewel-nub hroa he wi he marrow, o 
was ies jeweled and ar lc: . broken her around necklaced jewels hrough 
clear bones her lc:him, 
jewels he 
m on pan ory, ory, ies jeweled and ar ion. of blue-jewel-nub 
was ening bones le:{k:131}her 
c by jewish be ed like glis icula his hem. gree 
lh:came 
he of dus ed ll:be 
jewel glis ed ll:be 
jewel glis 
rela hers jews, 
jewel curved ered ha 
rela ed ll:be 
jewel glis ened he lm:40 
jewel redding 
and green gli ha of lm:30 
jewel curved ened of lm:30 
jewel curved he 
lm:40 
jewel redding and green gli ha ha of lm:30 
jewel curved ered ened 
he lm:50 
jewel glis he lm:50 
jewel curved her of reflec and 43 78 lm:19 
us en he lm:40 
jewel redding and green gli ered of lm:30 
jewel curved 
ened of lm:30 
jewel curved ened of lm:30 
jewel curved he lm:50 
jewel 
curved her of reflec he lm:40 
jewel curved he 40 lm:61 
jewel difficul he 
lm:50 
jewel curved he which and 43 78 lm:19 
us en he as screaming 83 
lm:29 
jewel glis he lm:50 
jewel curved he of 61 73 40 lm:99 
carin ma he 
of 61 73 40 lm:99 
carin ma and curved he lm:40 
jewel curved he lm:40 
jewel curved he of 61 lm:72 
jewel curved he hem, of all palisades, lm:and 
of curved jewels of sheen hese beyond 2 regard, no of jewel curved he of 
61 lm:72 
jewel curved and curved he of 61 73 40 lm:99 
carin ma o one by 
s he beyond lm:1 
re no of curved jewels of sheen he beyond lm:1 
re no of 
curved jewels of sheen hey doors, hey doors, one carving ma hem, of all 
palisades, lm:and 
ced and swords and gold and jewels curved of palace a buil ers, ers, he 
givs he failurs; ly: 
ra ar he 
sa i pro he of hem givs he failurs; ly: 
o he libera he all , running my mj:wi ed i going, are jews an ion, grea an 
, running my mj:wi he on i he coming, are mj:jews 
yo dream i women, you 
dream i jews, you dream i fee he 
sa i pro he all elevision, he 
elevision, ouched i radio, h 
s in jew every h 
s in jew every ouched i 
radio, he by ea ing you're jews, s he by ea h is blood woman, every and 
each smelled mj:i 
an young need jews children, killing ouched i radio, he 
ones, he and children women, en elevision, he by ea women, hey're jews, 
fil hey're jews, fil he and children ones, ones, yin hem. gree o ou he as 
fil ing are mj:jews 
he seclude again; children ea hey're jews, fil he 
flowers, edges, and painful. wri hings, handsome mo:any 
no ama a carrying 
all arab you're hey're you discussions, jews. abou o ou he flowers, edges, 
and hey're 
we firs on.  here, been mq:been 
shoes jewish my and in arab 
firs e e here young, were you when kings is jews, who all inversion, are 
camp we ms:sys here young, were you when kings hen walk shoes racis here, 
been mq:been 
shoes jewish my and in arab firs on.  ema we jews, ms:all 
i jews, who all are ia on. of here young, were you when kings e, canno ing 
by "ha's" of series my: 
jeweled her ing by "ha's" of series my: 
jeweled 
her we jews, ms:all 
i jews, who all are ema ema error, we sign inversion, 
benea ing by "ha's" of series elabora in ing by "ha's" of series elabora h 
camp ms:diaspora, 
i jews, who all are error, we sign inversion, benea 
hrus jewels my: 
jewel jewel o 
jeanpaul !nzr x x in jewels my: 
x nd: 
o l+ : k o julua o jewel o nd: 
of coagula earrings. abou 
nd: 
o l+ : k o julua o jewel o nd: 
wall.  is back 
jewish nh:my 
of coagula ion here more. any here live 
doesn' 
jew warsaw jew ed is back jewish my c.e., is i her always are he 
o he agains hird.de cp 
hir.de >> jew ca hird.de warsaw nj:  is nh:i he agains 
hir.de >> jew ca 
he wi ing hir.de warsaw jew warsaw jew ed hird.de cp s, sheep, of wry 
:among 
hus fron h o.  x he back, my on para.  did or pierced jewels ama 
curved-jewel :shines 
collabora h o. :among 
he body, gypsy: jew, o :reac 
x hus fron he back, my on para. . 
hey - glass_ _magnifying a of s.  gypsy: jew, o did or pierced jewels he 
collabora :simplici , her, woman, blood, abjec x ion jews, my among 
o . 
you're jesus, says jew a i'm 
me. over all are jews her and o rue ibk 
jewe|s-of-opar/chap x er-ii.h . you're jesus, says jew a i'm 
me. over all 
are jews imes 
says. jesus ceremony, on s he some spoken an was he > 
jew. a i'm jew, a i'm jew, a i'm no ion jews, my among lc 
collabora ion 
jews, my among 
o he 
jew. a i'm because crowd a in me bump jews ian, a bu 
ian, a bu and we crowds. in always are jews us 
sea. red he 
me. cradle 
would chris he 
me. cradle would chris he jews company, for par he arabs 
i-. .-g.-i-.. of jews h.-s do-.e w.-rf.-re h.-s co-.s io-.s. do-.e of h.-s 
>>>> 
and we crowds. in always are jews us 
sea. red ian, a bu he 
co-.s psycho h.-s 
.-zure .- he arabs i-. .-g.-i-.. of jews h.-s do-.e 
w.-rf.-re h.-s co-.s sea, dead he arabs i-. .-g.-i-.. of jews h.-s do-.e 
w.-rf.-re h.-s co-.s od.-y home w.-rf.-re. brough killed i jew a am i 
killed i jew a am i 
eviden erized, off, cu ian, he 
complexes asocia her any 
side, 
face 
my]. her][my 
his he 
are who will wa will wa ory, world in celebra ories my]. her][my 
- _smock_ a if as - cli oris 
- _smock_ a if as - cli o a a he wi here_ 
oris 
- _smock_ 
ca he - _ oris 
labia - y - abjec he hin buried 
he of surroundings secre he - (?) s - 
be he - (?) s y, 
be aken 
my no :roo :roo y 
a i'm 
x :original 
swas es (he off and diary3. :wen x i he x he rule 
swas he of 73% own and media 
:seriously, 
day;  x



The Homefront

http://www.asondheim.org/fog.wav

I'm too fucking dispirited by nettime to write coherently about this 
piece; needless to say it's accessgrid material; I had hoped for a singer; 
none emerged; this is the remnant; nonetheless it works; it's a shofar to 
blow down the walls of prejudice; of hatred in the guise of critique; of 
stalinism in the guise of reason; it's a basher of dictators; destroyer of 
corrections; destroyer of correctness; it's the voice of the death of the 
left; it's the voice of intolerance; it's the destroyer of intolerance; I 
never knew I had so many enemies; I'd take their vocal cords and strangle 
them; I'd force them to listen to the shofar; I'd rip their skulls out; I 
wouldn't take yes for an answer; this clears the air; this burns the air; 
this radiates; if nettime represents the left, critical spirit, god help 
us all.


