


Messay: The Mess of the True World


This text is culled from an outline of current work prepared for my re- 
search group at West Virginia University (Virtual Environments Laboratory, 
Center for Literary Computing), Morgantown, WV. Questions dealing with 
substantive content were taken in the order they appeared, and embedded in 
the following m/essay. Topics again center around issues of the 'true 
world,' emanents, medical and other modeling, avatars, organisms, know- 
ledge and its management. The relative disorderliness reflects the disord- 
erliness of the world, or so I hope to believe - not an inherent defect in 
messay style.


 what does it mean to be in-carnated within the real/virtual/
 true world?

Carnated/carnal/knowledge - We could begin by introducing the true world, 
the world of mind in relation to ontological/epistemological shifting. The 
true world is primordial, in other words backgrounding.

..."however, we use the word [_materialism_] in its dictionary definition 
of _embodiment,_ in contract to _mind._ Thus, virtual reality, as dis- 
cussed within the art literature [...] is materialist, regardless of 
whether this experience is _real_ or _illusory._ Mental constructs, on the 
other hand, are nonsensory and so have no material existence." Paul Fish= 
wick, An Introduction to Aesthetic Computing, in Fishwick, ed., Aesthetic 
Computing, MIT, 2006. In this sense, the true world is materialist; how- 
ever I would argue that mental constructs cohere with the sensory, that a 
fundamental entanglement exists. For example, love or hate create sensed 
bodily transformations, mathematical thought creates the sensation of per- 
ceived 'symbol-clouds,' and so forth.


 what are the edge-phenomena/plastic and static limits of the body?

The limits of my body within the true world are the limits of my world; 
here I include ontological shifts such as mathesis, semiosis, emotions and 
the like. Given the limited bandwidth of receptors of all sorts, and the 
limitations of mind (for example, in thinking through the appearance of 
the eighth dimension, calculating, speaking non-native languages, etc.), 
thought and the true world are based on extrapolation - the _gestural_ - 
as fundamental being. (See Tran Duc Thao on the origins of language.) The 
gestural follows quantum non-distributive logics (see the early experi- 
ments by Land on color vision), not Aristotelian distributive logics; this 
being-in-the-world is partial reception of part-objects transformed into 
inherency through gesture. All organisms have this in common.

The _plastic_ limits of the body are the limits of body-inherency, whether 
'real' or 'virtual' or other category - the limits of the image carried by 
the jectivity (introjection and projection) braid. The _static_ limits may 
be considered formal-measurable limits, whether in one or another space.


 of the geopolitical body? of the political-economic body?

As soon as one brings domain-extrapolation of the body into play (i.e. 
sexual body, material body, imaginary body, natural body, and so forth), 
cultural nexus is paramount, and the body itself moves within theory as 
phenomenological token or punctum.

And as soon as one brings variegated ontologies and epistemologies into 
play, analysis becomes a mush/mess/mass or miss. Terms slide against 
terms, carrying enormous overdetermined histories with them - but these 
are the only histories there are.


 what are the signifiers of bodily arousal/violence/meditation?
 how are these constituted within the true world?

Herewith bee a liste of signes, or some such. But where is the arousal, 
violence, meditation, if not brainward, wearing the exposure, softening, 
hardening, quiescence of the body which simultaneously is foregrounded and 
absenting. In terms of emanents, the signs are symbolic; one calculates, 
applies them. In term of organism, the signs are ikonic, upwelling. The 
brain manages none of this; the brain manages, is managed - everything 
becomes a mess as inquiry tangles uselessly. It's this uselessness, this 
nexus, that is of interest - an analytical failure in the close-rubbed maw 
of the world.


 readings: what does it mean to read the real body? the virtual body?

One might begin by considering language as fundamentally ikonic, that 
within the preconscious ('repository' of syntactics, short-term memory - 
another metaphor) language is clothed, associated with the true world. 
Language then is structured like the unconscious, and the unconscious does 
not necessarily splay the real. Bodies, organic and emanent (and 'organic' 
references the machinic phylum as well), inhere to mind, minding, tending, 
a posteriori interpretation and hermeneutics. Reading the body is embody- 
ing, is against the background of incarnation. Sheave-skins need not react 
or appear to sense as organic skins; the feedback is often visual or 
aural, not proprioceptive. Within the jectivity braid, this is an epistem- 
ological issue, not one of fundamental locus. On the other hand (real or 
virtual), one can abandon the emanent; abandoning the organic is deadly. 
Proceed backwards from this, from the irretrievable, intolerable, finality 
of death, and reading bodies, and bodily risk, become wildly disparate. 
Nevertheless both inhabit the true world, mind inhabits both, albeit often 
in qualitatively different manners, depending on ontology.


 what are the ontologies and epistemologies involved here? 
 ontological status of the so-called virtual -
 Schroedinger's cat paradox and collapse of the wave function as model
  for simultaneous analogic/digital readings -
 seeing through microscopy (tunnel, scanning, optical, etc.):
 are ontology and epistemology equivalent at the limit?
 (are analogic and digital equivalent at a parallel limit?)

What difference does it make? Begin with the mess, with the corrupted 
reading of whatever consciousness has placed there, on the page, the rock, 
the emanent body, the organic body. The last carries ikonic signs, 
simultaneously indexical, pointing out the mute history of the being. If 
there were only readers of everything! If only the book of nature existed! 
The Ladder! Great Chain of Being!

Ontologies occur in local domains, rub raw against each other, problema- 
tize each other. Who decided this one or that one as primordial? What's 
fundamental is the mixed mess, the braid. At least as far as we're con- 
cerned, the braid.


 internals and externals, static/dynamic. remnants of the visible 
 human project, gendering of the visual/internal 

Human skin under the microtome, sheave-skin burrowed into by camera 
position. Here is the necessity of Madhyamika, co-dependent origination, 
depend co-origination, braided mind, image, imaginary, entity, real and 
virtual within, inhering to the true world. Striated, variegated trans- 
formations characterize life; the Visible Human Project transforms 
organism into emanent, habitus into data-base.


 comfort, dis/comfort, ease, dis/ease, hysteria and abjection/fluid-
 ity (laycock's 1840 essay on hysteria, kristeva, chasseguet-smirgel)

Clearly the abject lies within the primordial, the braid is braid of 
dissolution, corruption, decay; definitions flux in relation to the 
constricted passing of time. Organisms flood themselves, emanents decay 
with their corporations, software updating, diminishing dreamtimes as 
elders die off. Hysteria is convulsion, but also spew, contrary and 
wayward, the refusal of the body, just as death is such a refusal and 
catatonia. Do others refuse the body? Use it? Reuse it? Are sheave-skins 
exchanged? Does political economy depend on aegis?


 dis/ease, hysteria, and so forth of emanents

Dis/ease, etc. may be modeled; turning the emanent towards abjection is 
necessarily a conscious decision. The hysteria of emanents is the hys- 
teria of the steering mind. Proliferation of emanents, duplications and 
other hacks, may be considered a form of hysteria. But hysteria is on the 
surface; emanents which are autonomous or semi-autonomous agents may exist 
the full range of symptoms, generated from within, without external 
steering.


 medical model and technology

A medical model implies internal flows, striations, identities, vulner- 
abilities, immunological defenses, maintenance and so forth. Emphasis is 
on the cohering of parts, membranes and molecular channels. Organism runs 
from within; emanent runs from without. An emanent may be defined as _an 
image or apparition whose body and mind are elsewhere,_ an entity that 
exists in relation to the jectivity braid, and has apparent, but not 
genidentical, identity. Of course the organic body itself is genidentical 
only to a limited extent.

One might say then that both ontologically and epistemologically, _an 
emanent exists within data-bases or other entities spatio-temporally 
distant from the visual or other residue._ What we see is surface, but 
surface from both within and without. _The dissection of an emanent image 
is the result of camera angle._


 psychoanalytics and technology, psychoanalytics of emanents

The psychoanalytics of emanents are two-fold: the psychoanalytics of mind 
steering, and the internal psychoanalytics of the machinic phylum. Or 
three-fold if the former is also embedded within/embedding the psycho- 
analytics of organically-embodied mind. I would begin with Freud's 
metapsychology, since it's illusory clarity allows the possibility of 
equivalence, attribute classes, and the like. I would attach this model to 
one of drives and instincts dealing at least in part with homeostatic 
maintenance (which I have covered elsewhere).


 analogic and worn emanent boundaries

How does the emanent wear? How does it wear the analog? For an emanent to 
_wear,_ an ontological shift must be crossed, the wear occurring in hard 
or flash drive, in the material world of atoms and quantum probabilities. 


 edge / boundary phenomena - physics and psychophysics of the game-world 
 edge in second life

Psychophysical remapping of (motion, behavior) steering phenomena. What 
else to say here? Camera views must be independent of emanents; they move 
beyond, behind, below the sheave-skins, constructing visual feedback of 
morphed transformations. For a moment nothing is autonomic, everything is 
relearned. But there are asymptotic behaviors and motions at the edge of 
every game-world, behaviors simultaneously permitting approach and refus- 
ing escape. The game-world edges harbor autisms, palsies, deconstructions 
- chatterings which take on the guise of everyday life, just as everyday 
life elsewhere within the game-world might well take on these chatterings 
as style or news from afar.


 phenomena of the sheave-skin and sheave-skin internals

Sheave-skin externals read as internals: anatomical mappings within Poser. 
First that the visual mappings are just that, indexicals, residue, from 
codings, reports from another frontier, that of the software processes 
themselves. Second, I have pointed out elsewhere that sheave-skin and 
environment, visuals, all exist within the same ontological habitus; the 
split is between this habitus and deeper discrete or digital processes. 
The split is absolute ontologically, constructed epistemologically. If 
there is an Absolute in sheave-skin or game-theory or game-world, it's 
this ontological split which even a representation of software processes 
cannot penetrate: from electron-movement and process configuration/deploy- 
ment to visual/aural/tactile/etc. appearance - the gap is permanent, 
imminent, and therefore uncanny.


 phenomena of medical models in relation to edge/boundaries

The medical model is for learning, for analogy of surface to surface. The 
medical model requires a (human) viewer. Any dissection into the substance 
of an organic body results in exposed and constructed surfaces; interiors 
always lie elsewhere, revealed by X-ray, MRI, and so forth.


 edge phenomena in literature, codework, mathesis of the text

In a sense all writing is edge, phenomena of the edge; writing exists as 
surface, sheave-skin, emanent. Inscription coats the orgasm of things, 
constructs both things and orgasm, wryting into the body of the true world 
helter-skelter. Codework in this regard is mute, ikonic; code and text 
scrape one another, none dominant, both structured and structuring.


 generalization of edge phenomena into the dialectic between tacit
 knowledge (polyani) and error (winograd/flores)

At the edge, the world is manifest between lived experience and corrup- 
tion, between trial and error, between inhering/cohering and construction, 
between dwelling and building. into the forest of error, where does the 
body go? From the edge, one can look back or down, into the windows of the 
comfortable houses across the street - if one still has the capability of 
sight. Is the edge sharp? Does the world cut? Is the edge equivalent to 
death, both blank, beyond, both miasma of theory and practice? Think else- 
wise of the possibilities of worlds of closed manifolds or recursions, one 
repeatedly returning, to something in the vastness of space or mind. and 
then think, what a construct, what comfort, and to what regard, what proof 
or results, what Signs?


 what constitutes worlds? constructing?
 world of the text, inhabitation/dwelling/building (heidegger,
 dufrenne)

It's too simple to insist on worlds cohering, or that within their do- 
main (ontological, epistemological), there is closure. One might say that, 
for all intents and purposes, worlds are nearly closed, that blurred boun- 
daries are distanced, rarely in evidence. The construction of worlds is no 
more or less problematic than the construction of anything at all. A world 
is characterized by inhabitation; a world is a homing.

The world of the text forgets its coding, its double-coding. Without that 
forgetting, erasure, the text is anomalous, problematic, non-cohering. The 
willing suspension of disbelief begins within the absence of will; will 
returns when the text ends or fails.


 what constitutes the true world? worlding?
 'true world' in which lines/angles are 'trued' (affine geometry),
 'true world' in the sense of 'trued' phenomenologies within which
 virtual, real, and ikonic are blurred and interpenetrating, somewhat
 equivalent, and within which traditional epistemologies of symbol/
 sign/signifier/signified/index/ikon etc. break down (kalachakra
   tantra, jeffrey hopkins)

'Worlding' references ongoing inhabiting and making of the (true) world, 
inhabiting memory, making and dwelling in memory, the truing of the world. 
All worlds are not true worlds, all true worlds are worlding. ikonic signs 
inhere within the true world, reading bodies (organisms, emanents, approp- 
riated, misappropriated) are ikonic, true world, the body stands for 
everything and nothing; ikonic, the body stands in for the body.


 'reading' underlying (substructural, configuration files, guides)
 organization of mocap/scan through surface phenomena
 (and the relationship of this reading to waddington's epigenetic
 landscapes)

Oh, one has to read the cinema I produce, held taut through diagram and 
substructure. Reading here involves decoding, retaining the decoding 
against the memory or remembrance of absent code. There are epigenetic 
landscapes of decoding, tendencies and tending of the true world sending 
the reader one or another wayward or contrary way. Landscapes lead toward 
coagulation of landscapes, tethered desire of inhabiting an other. We 
can't let go of ourselves, even to read; we huddle, in order to write.


 who is world? communality, consensuality?
 the problem of other minds and the problem of consensual other minds
 (group hallucinations, vijnanavada, dwarf sightings, ufos, etc.)

We can't answer this. We can't answer this without further future know- 
ledge in terms of mind. We have experienced, at least once, the connect- 
edness of mind, but to generalize from this is problematic. I have no 
doubt of minding the world, minding the world of minds. And that one time 
may well have been untoward coincidence. Certainly "who is world?" is a 
proper question to ask, emanent and organism alike entailed. And certainly 
we are all emanents, and certainly we receive differently from different 
skins, tissue-skins, sheave-skins, molecular-membrane-skins, one-pixel- 
thick-skins, true world of inhering/cohering skins. It is not communality 
or consensuality that beg definition, but their absence: what cause the 
illusion of individuation, the lived discrete?


At this point, defuge sets in, the intolerable directing of the messay 
increasingly turns towards entanglement; nothing is answered or accounted 
(nothing is accountable). What to do but abandon the true world to a 
certain trembling at the edge - an edge which increasingly moves towards 
an unknown center (the real edge where damage begins). And what to do but 
abandon this attempt at another accretionary formation or inscription, 
living in the world as-if there were a certain human, if not organic, 
order. As-if is the pleasure of our senses and disfigurement of slaughter, 
as if these were speakable between the axle and the rim (the spokes, too, 
have their gaps). Let it go. Do let it go.





electricks


Why, Hello Julu! And so good to hear from you! Yes, this is a theme that 
has occupe ied me for days and days , most of them recent. For example, 
what were "electrical recreations" and more to the point, what might one 
say about the relative simplicity of the apparatus used for them?? Metal, 
the material world, puckers and withdraws, all is spheres and spikes. Ah 
but conditions or situations, environem ments, material ecologies, the 
very splay of the real? In such a fashion
 metal declares itself.Yes, and how you have filled out these many years, 
lovely Julu! Thus de uring the era of steam-engines and diplex telegraphy 
- and one must remember that the most of the nineteenth century ran on 
batteries, not electrical outlets - during this era, electrostatic 
generators were constructed of nothing more than rods, circular plates, 
god knows what else...The illustrations of the time for the most part 
indicated what? Young women, such as ourselves, in touch with metal, 
standing on stools with glass legs, carefully applying dischargers with 
rubberized handles, it was as if the real were out of contrl---Or Until, 
dearest Julu, one mght speak of that sudden discharge, the orgams sm, the 
sudden exaltation of teh he spirit, for we might have concluded then, that 
spirit itself were inhabiting the world, a kind of ectoplasm of the 
metallic. Matter spoke and no one listened.However (as our words and arms 
entwine), it's as if there were a surplus that couldn't be contained - the 
experiment of electrocuting the dog for example, or creating the semblance 
of hydrogen/oxygen explosion. Which surely is why the models were young 
women , with the demonstrator male, the demonstration of the male, 
dis/splay. , which is why we are torn together as one, sundered together, 
across electronic ab barriers, 

which surely are the remnants of those electrostatics, those "electrical 
recreations" as we would have them ourselves...

--------------------------------= talk =--------------------------------


Hello Nikuko and you are how? I have been very busy, reading about the 
electrical apparatus, electrostatics and dynamic electricity, from the 
late eighteenth century, perhaps early to mid-ninteenth century. To be 
sure, what a mix of worlds here, electrical theatrics, young men leading 
young women into circular frenzy, controlled, I do forget how beautiful 
you are, your wet skin, tissue against mine, minds blurred, the 
discharges, phenomena Dionysian, the apparatus Apollonian - cleansed, 
purified, perfected, holding charge back -I remembver your orgasms, your 
body against mine, matter speaking and no one listening for that matter: 
the audibility of the world was all bound up in the visible, even the 
electrostatic parlor tricks resulted in sounds and sights, the ontology of 
what was taken for granted as real. This isn't science, this is the 
ikonic; we might as well leave the indexical far behind. There are no 
pointers, no measurements, with all of these phenomena, just phenomena 
themselves, as if the world were talking, but talking mutely, drenched in 
our passion, against our skins and minds.Which perhaps the young women 
chose to ignore; I'd imagine they'd choose to ignore it, and which is why

yes, as we would have them, and have us, and have at them and ourselves...


illustrations:
http://www.alansondheim.org/elec1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/elec2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/broken.jpg



screams and cadence


listening to CB radio in Morgantown, the first, breaker2, is an odd 
melange of screams and cries - filtered in breaker2filter. I imagine these 
are taken from a film or produced in some audio program; they're frighten- 
ing. the breaker1 is a sequence on channel 6 with the dead air edited out. 
I'm fascinated by cadence and rhythm here. I'm working with 02 radio, 
short-wave, scanning, vlf, low frequency, crystal, listening to anything I 
can receive. our place is hampered by a location in a small hollow near 
the middle of the town - too much interference from the power grid, not 
enough radio visibility. On the other hand, the screams, if screams they 
be, came through loud and clear.


http://www.alansondheim.org/breaker2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/breaker2filter.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/breaker1.mp3






Electronic writing, approach


Electronic writing is always protocol-based and always dynamic. Keyboard
strokes signal interrupts, the screen-image is constantly refreshed, fonts
are interchangeable, links and animations may be present, the text may be
updated by the original author or modified by others, the text might be
deleted once and for all, or temporarily deleted, or duplicated and
transformed from one to another site, or printed out hardcopy, or faxed,
or entirely transformed into another medium - audio, steganography, online
or offline calligraphy, and so forth. The text is fluid, inherently
non-canonic, every instance is equivalent to every other, every instance
is original and plagiarism. The text is burdened by apparatus from ebook
reader to desktop, cellphone to electronic billboard. The text requires
maintenance, electrical current, to continue its electronic presence. The
text requires the transparency of protocols to be present, presented. The
text requires an interface from electronic hardware-software circuitry to
visual or other presentation. The text requires busses or connectors from
one component to another, and from internal electronics to display. The
text also requires data storage, and encoding/decoding as well as the
potential well of checksums and other means ensuring minimal errors. If
the text is transferred from one hardware medium to another or one file
format to another, it requires interoperability - an interoperability
which leaves the surface of the text relatively inviolate. The text
requires data storage which itself exists within a physical potential
well, producing the semblance of at least momentary stability. The text
requires light or sound or haptic or other sensors. And the text requires
a relatively stable input environment, within which the interrupts are
apparently operating smoothly, transmission is relatively clear from
infractions or appears clear from such, lag is sufficiently small and the
buffer sufficiently large to give the writer/programmer/artist at least a
degree of illusory autonomy.

Let us not forget that machines, habitus, economy, are required. That the
stability of signs and sign systems are required. That mutually understood
sememes are required. That languaging among a community of more or less
speakers/writers is required.

The text itself, per se, requires nothing. Nothing is required unless com-
munication, beyond the communication of error, anomaly, distortion, annih-
ilation, creation, exchange, displacement, condensation, theft, hack,
repetition, meta-transformations or meta-signifiers based on the bracket-
ing of the text - unless communication based on at least the semblance of
interiority, is desired; in this sense the author is ghost, wraith, close
to invisible beyond, beneath, the text, perhaps present at the birth of
the text or system or links of text, and perhaps not.

And this list, drawn from apparatus, habitus, text, language, economy,
catastrophic and stable regimes, may be extended or diminished - the terms
are variable, problematic; the 'worldview' stemming from the true world is
equally problematic.

Nonetheless: The text, and one might of course argue that each and every
text is always already dynamic, that such is the nature of communication,
written or spoken or otherwise. Still: One might or might not make a
distinction between traditional texts and those that are up for grabs in
relation to electrical and other dynamic forms of reproduction, whose
outputs are also dynamic, at least to the extent of redrawing/rewriting/
rewryting the image or text or social/creative internal and external
content and positioning of the text.

Now further, what is it that we teach, that is normally taught, if not for
the stability of the canon, or stability for that matter of jodi.org or
other entities and projects and productions or producings which are not
stable whatsoever but are part and parcel of literature today, however such
may be defined? Unless literature is confined to the printed page, in which
case it is also confined to a relatively small corner of electronic- social
life today, that is, confined to a relatively small and perhaps irrelevant
corner of life itself. So perhaps it is time, and of course in this
space/place I am preaching mainly to the converted, to teach litera- ture as
a residue or heartland of the social-technologic, as a production of desire,
at least to the extent of the desire to be produced, in rela- tion to
literature as theory or language or other artifacture? In spite of the fact
that theory is essential to hermeneutics and the reception of literature. In
which case, literature might be approached top down, or sides-in, lateral,
so that, for example, the existence of the external flash drive,
conveniently plugged into a machine for extra memory, operat- ing system,
creative software, text repository, would be inherently part of the
questions: What, how, why, when, where do we write? Where are our writings
deposited? What hope do we have for their survival? What about _this
particular text_ within this particular environment - a momentary housing at
best? What about momentary housing? Obsolescence? And so forth?

From a related discussion with Sandy Baldwin, Frances van Scoy Azure Carter:
Given the above, what are the software issues themselves? What are the
textual or graphic or other interfaces employed? What are the esthetics of
those interfaces? Since every interface both transmits and filters, what are
the conditions of transmission, and what is filtered out, what artifacts are
added in? Is the interface considered an object or a process (continual
updating of beta, name+number (Quicktime 7.4 for example), is it purchased
or free, open or closed source? What is the user control over the interface
and what is the interface's control over the user? (For example,
user-specified fonts may override monospaced fonts in a text apparently
involving graphic-ascii or other presentation.)

Further, there are phenomenological issues related to traditional media, to
media in general: What is the genre-lens we're using in reading/looking
at/processing/hearing/etc. a text? What is the history of the genre? Of
genre? How does genre relate to canon and is the text considered canonic? Is
it considered a finished text, an object, a process, an unfinished text, a
variorium, an ur-text, a meta-text, a critique of another exemplary text, a
system of procedures or modules or sub-modules? Further, is the text
considered part of a cycle? Of a community of texts? Written by one or more
authors? Is the user part of a community of users, for example a book club?
Was the text written for a community or specific community? What theory, if
any, is used to approach the text? What is the text's relation to that
theory? To theory? Who wrote, programmed, created, tended, the text? Is the
text interactive, reactive, stationary, mobile within the interface,
apparently within the user's control, out of the user's control; does it
alter the interface framework, collapse or appear to hack into the
framework? And is the text designed to be read/viewed/ heard/etc. with a
particular viewer in mind? With a particular person or group or groups of
people?

Finally, is electronic writing textual? Can one speak of an 'electronic
text'? Is electronic writing _read_? Are there other ways to approach it?
(Is electronic writing an 'it'?) I want to argue against canon, genre,
static or state approaches, I want to argue in favor of a general field
phenomenology of organism, inscription, inscribing, emanent, machinic and
other phyla, wryting and other processes, I want to think through no final
solutions, no stages of consciousness, no conclusions, no edifices, no
thing, other and no other, I want to argue against this messaying, this
lack (what did I forget, what did I leave out, what have I gotten wrong,
what don't I know, what did I express poorly if at all?), I want to argue
against argument, I want to argue the favor of your



-




Important Things


Our house likes in a small depression in one of Morgantown's hills; as a 
result anyone can see into it from above We keep the shades drawn at 
night. Around midnight last night, two white males 20-25 knocked on the 
door of a house on the next block, broke in, beat up the residence with a 
tire iron or crowbar, and stole whatever. Someone might just part behind 
our house in the alley, work his way up the side to the porch, wreak 
havoc. My body's temperature regulation has always been off, but is worse 
than ever here, and I've had slight fevers as a result. Our cat Ossi 
Oswalda makes our house feel like a home. There is no red spot on my desk, 
no flock of blackbirds, no waiter against which I measure myself, selves, 
and the world. The basement of our house is dark, but there is no pile of 
rope which might be mistaken for a snake, or a snake which might be 
mistaken for a pile of rope; instead there are familiar things and we find 
our way round in the dark. We are frightened of Bush and M. Cain; there is 
no esthetics to our politics, which are weak theory tending towards TAZ. 
West Virginia has the highest prescription drug rate per capita in the 
country and it's out of control; I argue with my 'health care provider' to 
get basic medicine. No one has stolen our copper telephone wires to sell - 
they bring fair money - and I gather some drugs, which we are not on, cost 
between $60 and $80 per pill. A letter I wrote to the Dominion Post was 
published, decrying the efforts of someone on the state legislature to 
teach gun use and safety to school children; the idea is to revive the 
local hunting population, which is on the decline. I visited a friend of 
mine five minutes after his mother-in-law was given last rites; she is 
still alive and spent six hours last night calling out apparently random 
numbers. The atmosphere creaks with tension. Changes are about. I will 
reread the Diamond Sutra. The small scanner computer in the lab began 
screaming this afternoon; it wouldn't stop. We opened it up and found the 
fan burned out, everything red-hot. We took a fan from another computer 
and so far things are working out fine; I scanned Siva and vajra. Our 
friends in Bruceten Mills might have weather damage; the area was hard-hit 
and a dam broke last night. Ossi Oswalda is dreaming again. I picked up 
Boston on the crystal radio. It's night.

Against this I think of important things, or against these things, some of 
which are important to me, I think of things which might be ultimately 
important. Of course these aren't things, but events, happenings, and 
there is an entire literature about the distinction between the two - a 
distinction which is slippery at best and which requires at least a rather 
coherent idea of a rather coherent space-time, against which all things 
are measured. Or not, for one might well take into account fuzzy logic, 
the asymptotic behavior of strange attractors, and the general miasma of 
the real world. And who is this 'one' taking this into account, taking 
anything into account, if not for a 'one' who is fearless and healthy, or 
at least tending towards both? For the philosophy of important things is 
by and large taken up from the position of health and equanimity; while 
one might not write lyric poetry after Auschwitz, philosophy stands firm. 

What would a philosophy of important things, which are not things, from 
the viewpoint of ill health or mental disturbance - what would such a 
philosophy look like? We might turn to Levinas' existence and existents, 
or some of Lingis; we might turn towards subaltern philosophy or libera- 
tion theology; we might embrace those who write with their backs to the 
wall, as if the Resistance were a model for truth distilled against a 
desperation of everyday life and the occasion of that desperation. We 
might turn further to philosophy of the sick-bed, to tantric embrace of 
death by those still alive, those dying, those already passed. We might 
discuss emptiness and the vast sweeping that occurs in Madhyamaka phil- 
osophy - and in the philosophy of 'the Buddha from Dolpo,' Dolpopa Sherab 
Gyaltsen, who emphasizes a kernel of absolute truth, two modes, not one, 
of emptiness. Or we might insist that emptiness is of no consequence and 
no occasion, and is not important, or the least important, but then what 
is one's attitude towards rebirth and cyclicity, which I believe are at 
best medieval concepts? Turn back a moment towards that absolute, or any, 
or any other, and one might find safe haven, a harbor, a ground, a primor- 
dial existent or backgrounded, a chora for example, out of which good 
things occur (one might also think through the idea of 'the fragility of 
good things' in relation to the bad at this (empty) point). One argues, 
speaks, thinks, within the background just as one exists within the 3K 
background radiation of the universe: it's there, not as dark matter might 
be, but as the dimmest consistent illumination as the cataclysm of cosmic 
birth spreads out, presumably forever. We're heading for the dark, but 
will never quite reach it - an opposite of absolute zero, it is the place 
or space of the greatest weakening of all. 

Absolutes frighten me; I cannot imagine a guru, authority, presence, to 
which I would give myself, even in the light of incandescent knowledge. 
When I look at important things - being, nothingness, foreground, life, 
death, absence, presence, creation, annihilation, motion, language, ikon, 
symbol, index, chora, self, selving, others, worlds, true world, worlding, 
beings, essence, existence, safe-harbor against home invasion, healthy 
temperature regulation of the body - they don't disappear upon scrutiny, 
they don't divide, they're not solved or resolved relegated to dependent 
categories, they're not illuminated by continued and permanent analysis or 
therapeutic. They shift and are messy, their boundaries meld into other 
melding boundaries, their skins are sheave-skins which themselves turn out 
to be protocols and elemental manipulations. Below all, they're abject, 
neither here nor there, neither one thing nor the other, embodiments of 
dissolving Sheffer-strokes and their duals. When I look at important 
things, my analysis flees from analysis; it is the analysis of flight; of 
exile, but exile on the move; of refuge, but temporary at best; of dis- 
course, but against the futility of speech, languor of language, loss of 
memory which haunts us from before and after our breathing lives. Import- 
ant things are neither in the absolutes or categories, nor in the details; 
neither the forest nor the trees; and neither the gesture nor the proto- 
col. They are not things. They are withdrawals, puckers; they are the 
austral and boreal currents among earths and metals in various states of 
weather and decomposition. 'When I look at important things, my retina and 
its processing.' I might say this writing is a refuge from the night, but 
what night, what refuge, what writing? All of my writing, perhaps, and all 
writing, perhaps, writing on the wane.


http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra99.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra99.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra98.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra97.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra96.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra95.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra94.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra93.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra92.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra91.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra9.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra8.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra6.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vajra1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newsiva6.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newsiva5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newsiva4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newsiva3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newsiva2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newsiva1.png

(A note on the images. The vajra come closest a gesture of illumination,
sheave-skin, chora, than any other of the recent images, I think, the Siva 
offer (most problematic) form.)




important things ii


in 'Important Things' i initiated the move from a poetics of everyday life 
to a deconstruction of absolutist philosophy; the tension between the two 
plays out in life, text, image, sound. the experience of the body is the 
body, the experience of the body is anything which can be reflected, any- 
thing which cannot be reflected. our death is a sign we cannot speak. your 
death is that sign of speech, that sign which is any sign. my death is a 
sign i cannot speak. we meander among signs and voice do we not?

in important things i began the project which appears as the object of 
anita berber. ghosts exist and this is as much in evidence as anything, 
anysign. let us think of anysign as the bending or devolution of sign;
the sivaj below are just such a sign.

anysign is neither singular nor plural and replaces anything in the true 
world, just as anything in the true world replaces anysign given the 
ikonic thud of sign, voice, body, text, image, sound, life. 

life is emanent life and tissue-skin emanent is sheave-skin organism.

Leon Brillouin in Science and Information Theory, quoted in Patrick 
Meredith, Instruments of Communication: "There is obviously a certain 
expenditure of energy in the process of writing, but we find no trace of 
the energy on the written page. There is no visible negentropy left 
either, yet the information is there, completely dissociated from these 
other elements."

then reading is the coagulation-energy from the anysign catalyst which is 
a pharmacopeia of the real. and then anita berber chora-choratic wanders 
anysign. withdraw the name and the real puckers and withdraws; fluids 
circulate, and it is clear, among less important things, that 'object of 
anita berber' construes a proper name only in its abandonment. anysign is 
crutch, any utterance prosthetic.


object of anita berber and ghosts of important things

http://www.alansondheim.org/ghosts.mp4

objects of syrup and meditation

http://www.alansondheim.org/sivaj01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sivaj02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sivaj03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sivaj04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sivaj05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sivaj06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sivaj07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sivaj08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sivaj09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sivaj10.jpg


-


d-d-d-d-d-istributivity


own of of istribution, the which law only istribution, the which law only 
istribution, the which law only istribution, in 
istribution, in 

istribution, in 
the law break
which classical only the hols breakwhich classical only the hol
s breakown in of classical the then clear it 
s break
own in of classical the then clear it 
own in of classical the then clear it 

own clear of that istributivity istributivity 
istributivity istributivity it 
istributivity it 

istributivity it 
that is the also break
ual its form, ual istributivity form, breaks breaks 

ual istributivity form, breaks breaks 
connecte
istributivity form, breaks breaks 
 also in 
er raically; in consimore 
ically; in consier its position. 
own ra
er its position. 
ically; more consi
position. an i quan- am thinking about further the about breakposition. an
 i quan- am thinking about further the about breakown 
 i quan- am thinking about further the about break
own 
own 

iscrete), A there B an (iscrete), C, there also exists iscrete), C, 
there also exists 
iscrete), C, there also exists iscrete an such 
iscrete an such 

iscrete an such 
(
C, propositions iscrete anC, propositions 
iscrete an such B AuB=AuC=BuC; can thus now "we 
iscrete an
 such B AuB=AuC=BuC; can thus now "we 
 such B AuB=AuC=BuC; can thus now "we 

 valiity why of valierstan
ity why of valiity 
 can why now the un
ity 
erstan
ee, cannot let be A, boolean. from inee
, cannot let be A, boolean. from inee, 1968; let he 

ee, 1968; let he 
superposition in
, 1968; let he 
ee
relation an right, following: one A sees anrelation an
 right, following: one A sees an following: two since be are 
 right, following: one A sees an
 following: two since be are 
 following: two since be are 

e sie is equal sie to is 

e is equal sie to is 
AnB=0. AnB=0. hence hence the right-han
e to is 
 si
0u0=0. equal left-han since since but AuB the contains left-han0u0=0. 
equal left-han
 since since but AuB the contains left-han C. with 
 since since but AuB the contains left-han
 C. with 
 C. with 

us because look right-han however sius because look right-han
 however sie Cn(AuB); equal because to a the 
 however si
e Cn(AuB); equal because to a the 
e Cn(AuB); equal because to a the 

- AuB=(+-)u, in where its u entirety, = C ban- a wi- a wi
- a with subset 
th subset 

th subset 
subset ban
entirety, where we we given given contraiction contraentirety, where we 
we given given contra
iction contraiction Cnu=C=0. 
iction contra
iction Cnu=C=0. 
iction Cnu=C=0. 

narratives results emerge? in even expansion rig an venarratives 
results emerge? in even expansion rig an
 vea's a x,129 
 ve
a's a x,129 
a's a x,129 

beginning portens in beginning the "1. has waveform vebeginning porten
s in beginning the "1. has waveform vea's has x,129 
s in beginning the "1. has waveform ve
a's has x,129 
a's has x,129 

2. waveform spectrum nonzero particular meium. me2. waveform spectrum 
nonzero particular me
ium. meium. everything 
ium. me
ium. everything 
ium. everything 

epens epen
s epens significant #1 3. #2 waveform "significant" a 

epens significant #1 3. #2 waveform "significant" a 
everything 
s significant #1 3. #2 waveform "significant" a 
epen
ress, aress, recognition: protocol, the recognition: 

ress, recognition: protocol, the recognition: 

 hysterical an embo embo
 emboiment 
iment 

iment 
sourceless/targetless spew, communications. an
the variants reaing reathe variants rea
ing reaing other. other. hysterical synesthesia the 
ing rea
ing other. other. hysterical synesthesia the 
ing other. other. hysterical synesthesia the 

efuge, burnouts burnouts anomies anomies 7. thir 7. sex thir 

 7. sex thir 

 
efuge, 
 
ascii the unconscious. ascii 8. uncanny/imaginary, uncanny/imaginary, 
an
fantasms, the reaing/jectivity the 9. communities 9. communalities 
anfantasms, the rea
ing/jectivity the 9. communities 9. communalities an 
ing/jectivity the 9. communities 9. communalities an
10. of isruptions community community self, self, inversion web an10. of 
isruptions community community self, self, inversion web an 
isruptions community community self, self, inversion web an
isruptions 11. liquiities 11. iities 11. i
ities 11. ientity, of 
entity, of 

entity, of 
inversion power. power. 
entity, shifting, ientity shape-riing. shifting, 12. 12. 

entity shape-riing. shifting, 12. 12. 
i
ing. shifting, 12. 12. 
entity i
appearances appearances cybermin cyberminappearances appearances cybermin
 cybermin elsewhere elsewhere 
 cybermin
 elsewhere elsewhere 
 elsewhere elsewhere 

ictions, aictions, censorships, censorships, 

ictions, censorships, censorships, 

eath oburate aneath the off as net, an
urate an 
/or physical 17. bo
ue. the 18. 18. virtual virtual veile veile 

 veile 
an
etemporalizations subject. an 20. generalize 20. generalize
 20. generalize 20. 
 20. 

 20. 
problematic in virtual 
 geometries mesaure issipative anissipative an
issipative an 21. emotional 
 21. emotional 

 21. emotional 
mesaure generalize
phenomenology states, emotional an states, phenomenology states, 
emotional an
 states, iscourses behaviors, on 
 states, 
iscourses behaviors, on 
iscourses behaviors, on 

iscourses net. 23. source source an phenomenologies of voice, mouth, 
iscourses net. 23. source source an
 phenomenologies of voice, mouth, 
 phenomenologies of voice, mouth, 

 passwor, passwor, passwor
, passwor, 
, 

, 
looping, looping, blackholes, blackholes, the blin
the 'great beyon.' beyonthe 'great beyon
.' beyon.' 25. 26. 26. events events cyberspace: 
.' beyon
.' 25. 26. 26. events events cyberspace: 
.' 25. 26. 26. events events cyberspace: 

life, everyay anlife, every
ay an life, sociology. philosophy 29. sociology. of 
ay an
 life, sociology. philosophy 29. sociology. of 
 life, sociology. philosophy 29. sociology. of 



Aalan and Nikuko: The Gesture

---------------------------------------

Aalan, Baff buff boff, do you so? I squander your humort! Ah no regard!

Poor furmort consideration! Jump on me top of me!
I think of murth-mouth who was here just a moment ago...
<jumps up and down furiously on the chair!>
Can you beat that?
To what extent is this like you? Can you beat that?

On top of a mountain no less! <gestures>

Yes, well, that certainly is the case. <gestures>
What am I doing!?

<gestures>

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Nikuko! Boof biff basf baff! I squinch your dotted line!

Hippit top of a mournin! Rotate! Rotato!
Can you beat him? Every day a new slogan and someone has to plunder
the code. First the reds, then the blues! For the life of me!

<gestures>
<gestures>
You had better believe it! <gestures>

You're drawing a blank!

<gestures>
<gestures>
<gestures>

------------------------------------------

http://www.alansondheim.org/blank.png


next stop imaginary

various below and hopefully the last 'spew' - the mocap equipment now has 
extended possibilities; Nikuko's wandering simultaneously from above and 
below. the keyword's interoperability, moving the newer technical bvh 
files into poser and blender, reconfiguring blender sheave-skins in blen- 
der, creating bundles of bvh files for distribution. we're searching for a 
poetics of the interior with any means possible, Nikuko tells me important 
things and these silent videos / images are both tawdry and fecund, their 
making accompanied by numerous crashes, remaking old equipment, Azure 
repeatedly modeling ballet slomo as the hd camera cranked in consort with 
antiquated 486 and winnt computers. next stop imaginary, see the train 
ride.

New Software

the motion capture software was rewritten to create other possibilities 
than high-speed vibration - thanks to Gary Manes

http://www.alansondheim.org/threestep.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/clutch.mov

Outlands

analysis of avatar edge-phenomena in SL; all images from beneath Nikuko, 
who inverts.

http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands8.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands9.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands12.jpg

Outlands traintrip < industrial landscape.

http://www.alansondheim.org/nyprovtrain.mp4





all day i sit at this fucking screen, not fucking
but the brain's left hemisphere's twitched and reamed
again with crystals shunting cells decayed and sucking
out the last dim landscape i might have ever dreamed .

fingers stall, breath couples hard with chills
against a bandaged mind and damaged brain .
no longer shall i climb that landscape's hills
and turn towards tarn shined dark with bloody rain .

i'm born here, died here, screen looms, the world is flat,
dead animals pour from sour skin, i shake
for something else got wrong then right, a scat
i leave behind, the drowned dream drains the lake .

my fucking flesh reamed sucking wires dreamed .
my fever's rising, chills turn the brain's hills rain
of flat blood, gave a shake of scat now steamed
then charred, lakes slake, sparks suffocate again .


Triode film, Baad images, Text rattling


Triode is formed with new software from experimental motion files. A 
triode is a fundamental vacuum tube with cathode, anode, and control 
grid. A triode amplifies, illuminates, rectifies in part, controls, is 
controlled, senses.

The baad* series is phomemic-buddha or consecutive/consexutive shaping of 
buddha-torso in response to a memory of human form or flower-ornament 
sutra (avatamsaka sutra). Both absorb desire. Both tend towards the 
ineffable. Both disguise sheave-skin, both are replete-emptiness.

In Triode the maverick sensors are sutured to the right shoulder, he/she 
has been wounded and dances the interior of the wound. I say interior, 
because the dance is one of conceivable rigging and thwarted continuous 
adjustment of inverse kinematics. And isn't all desire thwarted, when, 
within the aegis of the absolute, it is controlled from above? Or perhaps 
it is this very control that permits desire in the first place, caresses 
the place/space of fulfillment? Hear me out. 

For desire thrusts or procures against the absolute, which it hopes to 
transgress, and this hope is an amplifier. But there is nothing to 
transgress, everything is permitted; there is no aegis, no control, no 
absolute, but what one brings to us, down upon us. Instead there is a 
flowering which would not otherwise occur, as if flowering were dependent 
upon deflowering, which is equally established as the murmur of an origin. 
Here me out, for there is no origin, and one after another, the layers, 
sheave-skins, are peeled back, and one after another, nothing presents 
itself, nothing is present.

Triode is triple ode, or triple ode trod, and is a trio of cloth against 
skin, all sheave, and I beg you, pay close attention to the moment where 
culture drags the unwilling, centers them, or rather the unwilling, 
impaled by culture, willingly take center stage. Dear Poetics list, I 
insist this is the poetics of the true world, all the skittering inter- 
action apparent before the languorous* residue which forms triode.mp4 and 
numerous baad jpgs on the way to Indra's net...


http://www.alansondheim.org/triode.mp4

http://www.alansondheim.org/baad01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad14.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad15.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad16.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad17.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad18.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad19.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad20.jpg


* lacking adj spirit : or lacking liveliness; spirit "a or lackadaisical 
liveliness; attempt"; "a "a lackadaisical attempt"; adj languid languid 
mood"; wave wave hand"; of "a the hot hand"; hotmood"; languorous 
afternoon" [syn: languorous {dreamy}, afternoon" {lackadaisical},[syn: 
{languid}] 167 Moby 167 Thesaurus Moby words Thesaurus for words 
"languorous":for abeyant, abeyant, ambling, ambling, anemic, anemic, 
apathetic, apathetic, asthenic, asthenic, benumbed, benumbed, blase,blase, 
bloodless, bored, bloodless, cataleptic, bored, catatonic, cataleptic, 
cautious, catatonic, chicken,cautious, circumspect, claudicant, cowardly, 
circumspect, crawling, claudicant, creeping,cowardly, creeping creeping 
like like snail, snail, dead, dead, debilitated, debilitated, deliberate, 
deliberate, dilatory,dilatory, dopey, dormant, dormant, drooping, droop- 
ing, droopy, droopy, drugged, drugged, dull, dull, easy, easy, effete, 
effete, enervated, etiolated, enervated, exanimate, etiolated, faineant, 
exanimate, faint, faineant, faintish,faint, faltering, faltering, feeble, 
feeble, flabby, flabby, flaccid, flaccid, flagging, flagging, flat, flat, 
floppy,floppy, foot-dragging, foot-dragging, foul, foul, gentle, gentle, 
gone, gone, gradual, gradual, groggy, groggy, gutless,gutless, halting, 
halting, heavy, heavy, hebetudinous, hebetudinous, hobbled, hobbled, 
hobbling, hobbling, idle, idle, imbecile,imbecile, impotent, in in 
abeyance, abeyance, in suspense, inactive, inactive, inanimate, inanimate, 
indolent, indolent, indulged, inert, indulged, jaded, inert, 
lackadaisical, jaded, laggard, lackadaisical, languid,laggard, 
languishing, languishing, latent, latent, lax, lax, lazy, lazy, leaden, 
leaden, leisurely, leisurely, lethargic,lethargic, lifeless, limber, 
limber, limp, limp, limping, limping, listless, listless, logy, logy, 
loose, loose, lumbering, lumbering, lumpish, lumpish, lustless, lustless, 
marrowless, marrowless, moderate, moderate, moribund, moribund, nerveless, 
nerveless, numb,numb, pampered, pampered, passive, passive, phlegmatic, 
phlegmatic, pithless, pithless, poking, poking, poky, poky, pooped,pooped, 
powerless, powerless, relaxed, relaxed, reluctant, reluctant, rubbery, 
rubbery, sapless, sapless, sated, sated, sauntering,sauntering, sedentary, 
sedentary, shuffling, shuffling, sinewless, sinewless, slack, slack, 
sleeping, sleeping, sleepy, sleepy, slothful,slothful, slow, slow slow as 
as molasses, death, slow molasses, slow-crawling, slow-crawling,as 
slow-foot, slow-going, slow-legged, slow-foot, slow-moving, slow-going, 
slow-paced,slow-legged, slow-poky, slow-running, slow-sailing, slow-poky, 
slow-stepped, slow-running, sluggish,slow-sailing, slumbering, smoldering, 
slumbering, snail-paced, smoldering, snaillike, snail-paced, soft, 
snaillike, somnolent,soft, spineless, spiritless, spineless, staggering, 
spiritless, stagnant, staggering, stagnating, stagnant, standing, stagna- 
ting, static, strengthless, static, strolling, strengthless, stultified, 
strolling, supine, stultified, suspended,supine, tame, tentative, tame, 
toddling, tentative, torpid, toddling, tortoiselike, torpid, tottering, 
tortoiselike, trudging, turtlelike, trudging, unaroused, turtlelike, 
unhardened, unaroused, unhurried, unhardened, unnerved, unhurried, un- 
strung, unstrung, vegetable, vegetable, vegetative, vegetative, waddling, 
waddling, wan, wan, weak, weak, weakly,weakly, weary, world-weary





Extensions, Poetics of


The motion capture software has been modified; the 'extended' video multi- 
plies angles by a fairly large factor; the 'tangent' videos substitute 
tangents for sins which resulting jumps; the 'single' videos remap the 
body onto a reconfigured software model using a 'wounded' model; and 
'quarter' combines two duets; both David and Azure operated a single 
outfit for each of the figures which were then combined (two bvh files 
were used in the production). These behavior patternings are both closer 
to 'human' behavior and more distant (they use greater and/ or infinite 
'leaps' from position to position, reminiscent of catastrophe theory 
modeling). I envision the behavior bvh files will be used in Second Life 
performance; that they will form a library for choreography; and that they 
will be made available in the near future to anyone who wants to upload 
and experiment with them. 

One interesting result with extended and tangent - the figure disappears 
in the Poser universe, unless a camera is tethered to a particular body- 
part. I'm unsure what will happen in Second Life, but I imagine the Nikuko 
avatar/emanent will be rooted in the usual way, but will be completely out 
of sight for the most part. This might lead to a 'broken choreography' in 
which a dancer appears literally 'miles' outside the dance-space, although 
rooted in it. And the appearance elsewhere is a kind of chimera of course; 
within the dance-space it would exist only in an imaginary, anysign of the 
true world, dark matter.

project: Alan Sondheim
programmer: Gary Manes
models: Azure Carter, David Bello

http://www.alansondheim.org/tangented1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/tangent1a.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/singlemain.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/singled.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/quartet.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/extended1a.mp4



tangent jump and filtering behavior


1 tangent jump

jump-starting-off-color-film-camera-flash-light-struck-dumb-bell-weather-
worn-down-town-house-music-box-car-body-hair-day-care-take-cover-girl-
friend-ship-shape-ride-on-time-lost-hope-so-far-out-bound-up-side-saddle-
horse-drawn-in-it-girl-friend-ship-shape-ride-on-time-lost-hope-so-far-
out-bound-up-side-ways-off-color-film-camera-flash-gun-trigger-happy-
days-work-horse-drawn-in-camera-flash-light-struck-out-bound-up-town-
house-hold-it-girl-friend-ship-yard-arm-pit-boss-job-lost-hope-so-near-
miss-out-side-board-room-mate-ship-water-boy-toy-doll-baby-rattle-snake-
eyes-out-most-times-table-turned-night-air-taxi-stand-by-ear-phone-call-
girl-time-clock-stand-out-sick-bay-bridge-toll-road-house-address-card-
shop- http://www.alansondheim.org/tangent.mp4 (old music 19th century
piccolo octaved doubled)

2 filtering behavior

Just as it's possible to construct digital image filters from mathematical 
formula, and text filters using the program Jim Reith designed, it's also 
possible to construct filters that act upon the recording/residue of human 
behavior. In all of these situations, one might consider a unary filter 
such that f(x) = x+0 or x*1, similar to the protective glass filter used 
on camera lenses (but not the UV filter). With a camera for example, a 
neutral density filter is x/n, where x is lumens; the filter for digital 
images is similar, and the text filter requires that, instead of x equal- 
ling, for example, a particular position of a word in a text, it equals a 
position rounded to x/n, such that letters or words might tend to group or 
repeat roughly n times. With behavior - the x/n applied to the output of 
motion capture - the filter modifies, for example subtended node angles, 
which are diminished in size.

Now with analog camera filters (silver photography), the maximum x/n is 
x/1; with digital image filtering, the image can go to white (paralleling 
an increase, say, in shutter speed in silver) as n itself goes fractional, 
i.e. one has m*x where m > 1. In text, the result is skipping words (or, 
more accurately, sequences); in behavior, the subtended angle, and there- 
fore behavioral positioning, increases and the figure appears to move more 
'wildly.' The increase of the angle is cyclical of course, on the order of 
360 degrees; large m tend towards the synergetic appearance of _new,_ not 
diminished or exaggerated, behaviors as a result. 

With motion capture, digital imagery, and text, there is already filtering 
in place; the first two are protocol-discrete, and text, on the order of 
standardized graphemes, is discrete as well, most likely positioned within 
unicode. Complex neural behavior (which is _not_ on/off binary) combines 
discrete and analog filtering; the buzz of the world never appears, 
although death sinks within it. So one might consider a number of fuzzy 
layers - what passes for the buzz of the real; organic receptors, recep- 
tions, and processings; reproductive technologies both analog and digital; 
the assumption of coherent mappings between reproduction and the buzz; 
filtering of coherent mappings which re/produces hidden detailing of the 
buzz and/or uses the mappings as originary/catalyst for other produc- 
tions (not to mention mappings which have no relation to the buzz as far 
as the producer is concerned); and so forth - all of these characteriza- 
tions messy, inhering, worlding within the true world. 

(Abraham Moles, in Information Theory and Esthetic Perception, 1958/66, 
already relates filtering and information; speaking of sonic experimenta- 
tion, he states "In short, infinite clipping selectively destroys esthetic 
information, and, from a practical point of view, leaves only semantic 
information. Thus it 'filters' the two kinds of information." And "The two 
methods, clipping and inversion, are essentially means of observing seman- 
tic and eethetic information. They may be considered as _information fil- 
ters._ Neither one produces a perfectly dichotomous, absolute filtering; 
rather, each effects only a statistical filtering." The concept is rarely 
used in the book, which predates attempts at a _phenomenology of filter- 
ing,_ a phenomenology which (perhaps beginning with Pribram on retinal 
knowledge) leads to considerations of organism and Umwelt in general.)


-


jump filtered



3,6c3
< tangent jump and filtering behavior
< 
< 
< 1 tangent jump
---
> tangent jump
21c18
< 2 filtering behavior
---
> filtering behavior
61,76d57
< 
http://www.alansondheim.org/.pri/erect.mp4



Inhering characteristics of matter, let us say substance.


Let us say substance without differentiation, by which we mean, cohering 
matter, the phenomenology of the _same_ without transitivity (as in for 
example Irigaray). One is always lost in the same. At the limit, one might
consider the same a manifold without geodesics, striations, closed upon 
itself, windowless, sightless, catatonic. But this is only a limit, never 
found, incapable of seeing or being-seen; it is the limit of death, the 
maw that absorbs us all. Now to open it up a bit:

"RECAPITULATION. -- The common or essential properties of bodies are, Im- 
penetrability, Extension, Figure, Divisibility, Inertia, and Attraction.
Attraction is of several kinds, viz. attraction of Cohesion, attraction 
of Gravitation, Capillary attraction, Chemical attraction, Magnetic 
attraction, and Electrical attraction.

The peculiar properties of bodies are, Density, Rarity, Hardness, Elastic- 
ity, Brittleness, Malleability, Ductility, and Tenacity." 

(J L Comstock, A System of Natural Philosophy, 1854 and earlier.)

Electrical attraction is of one or two kinds, positive or negative, aus- 
tral or boreal. It is an inhering fluid which gathers, puckers, expends.

Shape comes: "FIGURE OR FORM _is the result of extension, for we can not 
conceive that a body has length and breadth, without its also having some 
kind of figure, however irregular._" Fractals come: "Some solids are so 
irregular, that they cannot be compared with any mathematical figure. This 
is the case with the fragments of a broken rock, chips of wood, fractured 
glass, &c.; these are called _amorphous._" Inversion comes: "A single 
grain of musk will scent a room for years, and still lose no appreciable 
part of its weight. Here, the particles of musk must be floating in the 
air of every part of the room; otherwise they could not be every where 
perceived."

What parts of the whole subtend figure, location, differentiation from the 
other? 

Attraction might be said to construct the other, the other's construction 
of the self, both and neither, imaginary, chimera. Gravitational attrac- 
tion is like to like; magnetic and electrical like to anti-like, but of 
the otherwise same; capillary, specific like to specific other, of which 
both adhere to their essential characters; chemical, unary or mutual 
transformation of specific like to specific other; and cohesion, like to 
like or like to specific other. 

The peculiar properties inhere. "RARITY. -- This is the quality opposite 
to density, and means that the substance to which it is applied is porous, 
and light. Thus air, water, and ether, are rare substances, while gold, 
lead, and platina, are dense bodies." Today this is in fact density, and a 
peculiar property in general might be considered that which is related to 
the atomic or molecular constitution of matter, or rather the particle 
constitution of matter, hence for example the neutron star, or rather the 
constituating configuration of matter, hence for example the black hole, 
or rather nearly decomposable phenomena, hence possibly dark matter or 
strings, or whatever preserves at least the very weakest of phenomenologi- 
cal structures in the true world and its descriptive messay/anysign.

From William Peck's Introductory Course of Natural Philosophy for the Use 
of Schools and Academies, edited from Ganot's Popular Physics, 1873: 

"Physics is that branch of Natural Philosophy which treats of the general 
properties of bodies, and of the causes that modify these properties.

The principle causes that modify the properties of bodies are: _Gravita- 
tion, Heat, Light, Magnetism,_ and _Electricity._ These causes are called 
_Physical Agents._"

There are solid and fluid bodies. Bodies have mass and density. The gener- 
al properties of bodies include Magnitude, Form, Impenetrability, Inertia, 
Porosity, Divisibility, Compressibility, Dilatability, and Elasticity. Be- 
yond Gravity, there are molecular forces which include Cohesion, Adhesion,
Capillary Forces, Absorption, Imbibition ("the absorption of a liquid by a 
solid body"), Tenacity, Hardness, Ductility, and Malleability.

The book, "Peck's Ganot," is based on Ganot's elementary version of his 
Traite Elementaire de Physique; I have the 3rd 1854 edition. Here, physi- 
cal agents are as follows: "l'attraction universelle, le calorique, la 
lumiere, le magnetisme et l'electricite." Under general properties of 
bodies: "l'impenetrabilite, l'etendue, la divisibilite, la porosite, la 
compressibilite, l'elasticite, la mobilite, et l'inertie." Particular 
properties are those observed in certain bodies or certain states of bod- 
ies, such as solidity, fluidity, tenacity, ductility, malleability, hard- 
ness, transparency, and coloration; there is density, weight, various 
forms of elasticity, etc. 

Heat, steam, hydraulics, magnetism, electricity, fluids, gas: the world is 
in flux, numerous solids are porous, some transparent to magnetism, x-rays 
and other out of directly perceivable bandwidth radiations and receptors - 
all challenge the muteness of amphiboles, some absorb others, some gener- 
ate others, some construct others as problematic, some are coherent, some 
inhere, some leak into Freud's hydraulic model, some are id-messy or 
libido-messy.

As I have pointed out, electrical fluid inhabits the spherical; the point, 
punctum, drains it. Harboring matter is puckered, withdrawn. The fluid 
seeps off in due time. It can be gathered in leyden jars, spewed from 
voltaic piles (dynamic or galvanic electricity), generated from machines 
(Wimhurst, von Guericke, etc.) with glass disks or cylinders or small 
furnaces and stem or cat fur, pith, resin, tin foil (see the electrophor- 
ous). It is social, the subject of "electrical recreations" led by men for 
young women holding hands, sparking one another, hair stood on end, short- 
circuiting jars and condensers. It's the men who electrocute dogs and 
birds, test the apparatus against the limits of life and death. It's the 
pith-man and pith-woman who jump up and down in funny embrace in a small 
electrostatic entertainment. It's the woman who demonstrates the magnetic 
swan to a small boy. 

There's ectoplasm, outside the ken of these books, these models, as are 
all sorts of spirits. Still, Peck/Ganot states right at the beginning: 
"The Universe may be regarded as made up of _mind_ and _matter._ MIND is 
that which thinks and wills; MATTER is that of which we become cognizant 
through the medium of the senses. Science admits of two corresponding 
divisions, _Science of Mind,_ or METAPHYSICS, and _Science of Matter,_ or 
NATURAL PHILOSOPHY."

Three simple points from all of this: Much coheres, inheres, to matter; 
some of what coheres or inheres is in problematic relation with an other 
(general or specific); and much of these relatively early dialogs empha- 
size a simplicity of fluidic substance and magnetic/electromagnetic 
experimentation. While the science and technical characterization of the 
world is clearly outmoded, the _phenomenology_ emphasizing a blurring of 
static and dynamic, force and presence, circuit and stasis, state and 
operator, and self and other, is rather sophisticated and uncannily 
resonates with the messy and problematic distinctions among analogic and 
digital/discrete domains, emanent and organic life, and real and virtual 
as well as sign and anysign, all within the true world. We can't stop now; 
we're just beginning to understand that the question isn't how many angels 
are dancing on the head of a pin - the question is, how many angels are in 
it.


==


prisoners


prisoners of motion capture, prisoners of west virginia

prisoners of caloric, froid, prisoners of gravitation
prisoners of art, mayhem, vandal, prisoners of desecration

o to be a prisoner of life again (above the clouds
o to be a prisoner of love again (within the waters
o to be a prisoner of truth again (beyond the earths
o to be a prisoner of dance again (before the fires

prisoners of fires, froid, prisoners of aerostat and transport
transport of prisoners, clouds, waters, earths, fluids

yes, prisoners of fluids, prisoners of fluids and places
prisoners of west virginia, of fluids, places, life, love,
 truth and dance again


http://www.alansondheim.org/prisoners.mp4





electrick poem


341c341
< electricks
---
> her lovely electricks
346c346
< what were "electrical recreations" and more to the point, what might 
one 
---
> what were "her lovely electrical recreations" and more to the point, 
what might one 
354c354
< batteries, not electrical outlets - during this era, electrostatic 
---
> batteries, not her lovely electrical outlets - during this era, 
electrostatic 
371c371
< which surely are the remnants of those electrostatics, those 
"electrical 
---
> which surely are the remnants of those electrostatics, those "her 
lovely electrical 
378c378
< electrical apparatus, electrostatics and dynamic electricity, from the 
---
> her lovely electrical apparatus, electrostatics and dynamic her lovely 
electricity, from the 
380c380
< sure, what a mix of worlds here, electrical theatrics, young men 
leading 
---
> sure, what a mix of worlds here, her lovely electrical theatrics, young 
men leading 
443c443
< maintenance, electrical current, to continue its electronic presence. 
The
---
> maintenance, her lovely electrical current, to continue its electronic 
presence. The
485c485
< relation to electrical and other dynamic forms of reproduction, whose
---
> relation to her lovely electrical and other dynamic forms of 
reproduction, whose
1396c1396
< tion is like to like; magnetic and electrical like to anti-like, but of 
---
> tion is like to like; magnetic and her lovely electrical like to 
anti-like, but of 
1434c1434
< lumiere, le magnetisme et l'electricite." Under general properties of 
---
> lumiere, le magnetisme et l'her lovely electricite." Under general 
properties of 
1442c1442
< Heat, steam, hydraulics, magnetism, electricity, fluids, gas: the world 
is 
---
> Heat, steam, hydraulics, magnetism, her lovely electricity, fluids, 
gas: the world is 
1450c1450
< As I have pointed out, electrical fluid inhabits the spherical; the 
point, 
---
> As I have pointed out, her lovely electrical fluid inhabits the 
spherical; the point, 
1453c1453
< voltaic piles (dynamic or galvanic electricity), generated from 
machines 
---
> voltaic piles (dynamic or galvanic her lovely electricity), generated 
from machines 
1456c1456
< ous). It is social, the subject of "electrical recreations" led by men 
for 
---
> ous). It is social, the subject of "her lovely electrical recreations" 
led by men for 
1,5c1,5
< tion is like to like; magnetic and electrical like to anti-like, but of 
< electrostatic entertainment. It's the woman who demonstrates the 
magnetic 
< size a simplicity of fluidic substance and magnetic/electromagnetic 
< < tion is like to like; magnetic and electrical like to anti-like, but 
of 
< > tion is like to like; magnetic and her lovely electrical like to 
---
> tion is like to like; magnetic and sexy of him and electrical like to 
anti-like, but of 
> electrostatic entertainment. It's the woman who demonstrates the 
magnetic and sexy of him 
> size a simplicity of fluidic substance and magnetic and sexy of 
him/electromagnetic and sexy of him 
> < tion is like to like; magnetic and sexy of him and electrical like to 
anti-like, but of 
> > tion is like to like; magnetic and sexy of him and her lovely 
electrical like to 

demonstrate sexy of him her lovely electrical fluid


( http://www.alansondheim.org/jectivity.jpg )






contradiction of untethering


power and the tethering of one to another.
short-hand rewrites of moments erased, untethered from the real.
	the soaring mind outstripped the tethered heart.
thet ef en _entethereng_ ef lengeege end emege, es fremes meve en theer
fills with camels; there are goats baaing tethered for their milk and
tethered-to-you ring, ectoplasms, nuances, _the uncanny_
tethered ta the mather,
tethered ta the ather mather
of< >the< >tethering< >of< >each< >and< >every< >bird< >in< >flight
her arms tethered the knife slicing away at alan's wasted breasts.
by tethers like that, this, the other, just as the parts of me beg for
a dead man in a gully, why do you leave me tethered like a beautiful
severed, sky tethered, remnants tethered,
 tethered inward, the air
untethered, riggings
the ritual objects and tethered animals. the sacred mats and hairs of only
one color. the banners and winds. the ritual objects and tethered animals.
the sloppiness of letters and text loosely tethered to the world. i will
language, untethering of thought, which wanders blindly among surfaces.
of language, untethering of thought, which wiancders blindly among
our worlds are loosely tethered
our worlds are loosely tethered
our worlds are loosely tethered
our worlds are loosely tethered
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in -
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in - corrals
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in - corrals
of this world, not of us. the tether always breaks. we built ourselves
   cut at last, untethered real floating off and on -
that is it wants to hold on to the tethers in all weathers, i know when
emptied, swollen and diffused in air, untethered, transfigured.
swollen diffused air, untethered, transfigured.  nor other, is, carries
tethered trappings
tethered trappings
tethered trappings -
tethered trappings
tethered trappings
attention to itself through the remaining tethers - it's there that the
similar grounds when unnecessary, always _untethering,_ from running, from
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
matters strings dark quarks strings from quarks no untethering
languagings\! the witnesses\! untethering emptied out more\! no more\! no
boiling quarks strings dark matters soul emptied untethering witnesses
untethering the witnesses!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering the witnesses!
tethering.
untethering languagings!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
dis/semination crosses the tethering of virtuals, reddened, present.
tethered in nothing, present or absent.
tether to dross
 that's we're fragility obsolescence inhering untethered tenuously
tethered bits bytes
unhinging of language already inconceivably tethered. avatars bypass
untethered
untethered
the world tethered by such pronouncements, on the surface of the world,
tethering,pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the
untethered
untethered
into sickness, consciousness like that, drooling tethered from past, just
primordial thought of the "my avatars are leashed, tethered to logical
tethered to logical reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and my people! my
emanations tether flesh to representation
worlds disappear, tethered to exhausted signs.
you're dancing, tethered; the dance conforms to tethering; there's no
member tight; your dancing, tethering me; i'm held there; the dance
is tethered at a root somewhat distanced from the object-image itself, it
<cylinder>: i can change more than any of you. but i'm tethered to you.
untethered, release, haunted - oh i cried when i found it, this delicate
hold carry cultural skein linking loosely tethered
short-hand rewrites erased, untethered real. reread after numerous
parts; within the analogic, parts are holes, sintered, untethered,

tethered and somewhat distanced





Review of Books I Like (and think you might too)


I'm remiss on reviewing for the past few months; I'm been jammed with any 
number of things from current research to the death of a loved cat, my own 
bad health, moving to West Virginia for close to a year. The books aren't 
in any particular order - which I prefer, hopefully giving an element of 
surprise.

The Essential Blender, Guide to 3D Creation with the Open Source Suite 
Blender, edited by Roland Hess, blenderfoundation, 2008. The book comes 
with a cd-rom including Blender 2.44, otherwise downloadable of course. 
I've used Blender for years now; it's an amazing and lean 3D program that 
runs on pretty much any platform, and has become increasingly easy to use. 
When I began, there wasn't any menu bar; now there are complete menus, 
keyboard shortcuts and the like. The program does everything from inverse 
kinematics to gaming to video or still image output; you can even program 
Python with it. The book introduces the program, gets you started; it's 
the first in a forthcoming series presenting specific information in 
relation to gaming, design, etc. I strongly urge you to get it, download 
the program, and begin! While there is a tremendous among of online 
information at blender.org etc., I've always found a manual more conven- 
ient - it's faster, leaves the screen alone, makes good subway reading. 
Like all the Blender manuals, this one is excellent and abjures the 
over-the-top design of some of the others. By the way, Blender is great 
for design/art/multi-media courses; consider introducing your students to 
it.

Windows Vista Annoyances, David A Karp, O'Reilly, 2008. I needed a high- 
powered desktop cheap, ended up with an HP quad w/sata, etc. But I didn't 
need Vista. I had no choice, given the particular configuration I wanted 
and could afford. The result is a terrific rendering machine with a horrid 
operating system; I won't go into the problems of user account control, 
disappearing files, insane terminal error messages, absence of such useful 
programs as telnet, and just plain craziness. I'm using the free version 
of TweakVI and a program called TweakUAC, CCleaner, CoreFTP Lite, AVG, and 
Desktop Maestro; I can't afford more. I looked at a LOT of Vista books, 
and found this the best for configuration and resource. It doesn't get rid 
of UAC, but it helps. Enough said.

Introduction to Tibetan Buddhism, John Powers, Snow Lion, 1995. I have 
been working through Tibetan, Madhyamaka, and Pali Canon philosophies 
recently, in order to reconfigure distinctions among real, virtual, anal- 
og, digital, dream, hallucination, sign, anysign, and world and true 
world. I needed a guide into the complex culture of Tibetan Buddhism in 
particular, and can recommend this one in particular; it's extremely 
detailed, lends itself as an introduction to other texts, and cleared up 
some confusion I had in relation to doctrine, sect, and history. If you're 
going to read one book on the subject, I would think this would be it. 
(Another approach of course is to read one or another originary text in 
translation; see below.)

Contemporary Poetics, edited by Louis Armand, Northwestern, 2007. I'm in 
this volume, so I'm prejudiced, but I see few anthologies giving much 
credence to codework of any sort. The book has materials from McKenzie 
Wark, Charles Bernstein, Marjorie Perloff, Bruce Andrews, Gregory Ulmer, 
Steve McCaffery, Armand, and others; there are references to Frege, Joyce, 
Acker, Cage, etc. and the essays are terrific. Do check this out!

Living on Cybermind, Categories, Communication, and Control, Jonathan Paul 
Marshall, Peter Lang, 2007. Again I'm prejudiced, since Michael Current 
and I began Cybermind together near the beginning of 1994, and the book is 
a lengthy and detailed ethnography of the list. That said, I was pleased 
at its brilliant analysis of online communication in general; on a person- 
al note, it was oddly rewarding to find myself one of a number of subjects 
of ethnographic research. This is the most detailed work I've seen on 
online communication; it avoids the usual statistical approaches (although 
an appendix presents these) in favor of a phenomenological attitude that 
emphasizes terms like _asence_ ("The suspension of certainty between 
presence and absence which is experienced online. Asence is often resolved 
by acknowledgment.") and _aura_ ("The 'total communication' which occurs 
in the background or off the particular Internet social formation it 
surrounds."). I _use_ this book constantly in my work, and you might find 
it useful as well.

Tibetan Religious Dances, Tibetan text and annotated translation of the 
'chams yig, Rene de Nebesky-Wojkowitz, Paljor, (reprint) 2001. This book 
is a translation of a manual for sacred dances with an amazing root text 
running through it. The major part of it was written by the fifth Dalai 
Lama, 1617-1682 and was for use of a lamasary within the Potala precincts.
I've used this book in thinking through ritual movement within the true 
world, Second Life for that matter; you might find it of great interest as 
well, particularly if you're concerned with movement, ritual, rite, and/or 
Tibetan Buddhism in general.

The Story of Tibet, Conversations with the Dalai Lama, Thomas Laird, 
Grove, 2006, is one of the best introductions to Tibetan history and 
culture. Laird is not a 'believer,' however defined, and his conversations 
are dialogic; one gets an insight both into Tibet and the Dalai Lama. This 
book came highly recommended to me, and for good reason; it should be read 
by everyone interested in the philosophy and moment of Tibetan Buddhism, 
as well as recent Tibetan history. Like Powers' book above, this is 
extremely illuminating.

A Theory of Semiotics, Umberto Eco, Indian, 1976. This might well be the 
best background or theory book on the phenomenology and semiotics of code 
- and of everything else - I've seen. I've always been surprised it hasn't 
been required reading in any theory 'canon'; perhaps its complexity is the 
reason. In any case, it's essential, fundamental. There are 110 pages on 
the theory of codes. I think the book a classic; if you find a copy, buy 
it. I think it goes well with Instruments of Communication, An Essay on 
Scientific Writing, by Patrick Meredith, Pergamon, 1966; I hadn't heard of 
this book until I found a copy in Pittsburgh. It too deserves to be better 
known; it works through forms of representation, issues of meaning, and 
the instrumentality of language. It reminds me of Kripke's Meaning and 
Necessity. I can't review it; unlike the Eco (which I studied intently), 
I've been reading into this, on and off, for a while. Do check it out if 
there's a university library around.

Kalachakra Tantra, Rite of Initiation, His Holiness the Dalai Lama, 
translated, edited, and introduced by Jeffrey Hopkins, Wisdom, 1999. This 
book is great and at least for me is a core text itself for comprehending 
the true world, the inherency and emptiness of 'real' and 'virtue,' any- 
sign, the image/imaginary, and so forth. Hopkins' introduction is amazing 
and he 'walks' you through the Kalachakra mandala. The book requires 
careful attention, and it's problematic whether it should be 'public' at 
all, since the tantric rites are generally protected, somewhat secret, and 
are of course for initiates. So I'm reading this as an outsider who at 
best is a fellow traveler; as such, I more than recommend it.

Apparitions of the Self, The Secret Autobiographies of a Tibetan Vision- 
ary, Janet Gyatso, Motilal Banarsidass, 2001. The visionary is Jigme 
Lingpa. The autobiographies are Dancing Moon in the Water and Dakki's 
grand Secret-Talk, and they took my breath away. The book has copious 
notes and commentary, the texts are classics in any number of genres, and 
if you can find this online or at your local Tibetan bookstore, pick it 
up. (There was one in Brooklyn, where I found this and many other texts; 
it's unfortunately closed.)

The Emptiness of Emptiness, An Introduction to Early Indian Madhyamika, 
C.W. Huntington, Jr., and Geshe Namgyal Wangchen, Motilal Banarsidass, 
2003, but first published by U. Hawaiian Press, 1989. This is a trans- 
lation of, and commentary on, Candrakirti's Madhyamakavatara, The Entry 
into the Middle Way, which itself is a commentary on Nagarjuna. Candra- 
kirti's text is referenced everywhere; I have two translations of it. I 
find the work tough going, but illuminating (in both versions), but I 
wouldn't read it without reading Nagarjuna first, of course.

I want to speak briefly of my inclusion of so many Buddhist/philosophic 
texts. I find them immensely useful and interesting, in light of a general 
movement, online, towards virtual communalities, etc.; my work with 
emanents, avatars, SL, and so forth, is part of this. These texts tend to 
emphasize emptiness, imagining, virtual deity, co-dependent co-origina- 
tion, issues of purity, and other concepts or areas that move elsewhere 
than the subject/object or language/psychoanalytics orientation of most of 
the western (European, American, etc.) theory I've read. I found myself at 
an impasse. It's too easy on the other hand to move towards or through 
'spirituality' with these texts - something I resist at any rate. Rightly 
or wrongly I find a philosophic Buddhism without issues of rebirth, and I 
find enough without these issues to give me hope in a different way of 
looking at the world, a different way of inhabiting it. My recent writing 
reflects this direction, murky as it (my recent writing) is. Now back to 
reviews. -

Popular Physics, Peck's Ganot,, or Introductory Course of Natural Phil- 
osophy, for the use of Schools and Academies, edited from Ganot's Popular 
Physics, by William G. Peck, A.S. Barnes, 1873. revised from 1860. This is 
the book I've described with a section on 'electrical recreations'; it 
also formed a basis for rethinking the phenomenology of matter, both 
'real' and virtual, in light of the sections on electrostatics and elec- 
trical fluid. The engravings, often of young men demonstrating sparks, 
etc., to young women, have been useful, and eventually led me to getting a 
copy of Ganot's Traite Elementaire de Physique, Paris, chez l'auteur, 
1854, third edition. This is an advanced university text; Peck's text was 
modeled on Ganot's rewrite of the Traite for younger students. The young 
men and women, even electrical recreations, are gone, but the illustrat- 
ions are by far the best steel engravings I've seen, and amazingly useful 
- they provide an accounting of the state of knowledge, both magnetic and 
electrical, static and dynamic (not to mention the other subjects of 
physics), of the mid-19th century material world (which may or may not be 
the same as our own). A philosophy of matter is presented here, in short, 
and, again, it relates to online versions/visions of worlds, something I'm 
drawing out at the moment.

A System of Natural Philosophy, J.L. Comstock, Pratt Woodford Farmer and 
Brace, 1854, fifth stereotype revision, and the same, Robinson and Pratt, 
1841, 'Stereotyped from the fifty-third edition,' but most likely the 
first revised edition (if that). These, again, are elementary physics 
texts for use in the United States; they are equally fascinating in their 
presentation of matter, and odds and ends (which is where such things as 
Sharp's Rifle and House's Printing Telegraph are found). The descriptions 
of matter, electrical fluid, and the like, augment Peck and Ganot; I've 
been working with all four volumes. If you're interested in the social 
phenomena of electrostatics, I'd recommend Peck; if you're interested in 
the technical details, go back to Ganot. But all of them differ in inter- 
esting ways - in the description of electrical machines, for example.

Several other older texts:

Radio Phone Receiving, A Practical Book for Everybody, by various, van 
Nostrand, 1923. An excellent guide to the state of early radio on the 
verge of widespread broadcasting. Sections on crystal radio, vacuum tube, 
commercial broadcasting, etc.

The Telegraph Instructor, G.M. Dodge, Valparaiso, Indiana, 1908, fourth 
edition. From the only telegraph operator's school in the US at the time. 
This book has proved one of the most useful on codes and early communica- 
tions technology; while the telegraph originated decades earlier, its 
increasing complexity led to the development of more codes and more com- 
plex codes, which I've described elsewhere. They were needed for trains, 
for ships, for crossings of all sorts, for press corps, for private and 
public communications, and so forth; they were required to be succinct, 
and almost without redundancy, since cable space/time was money. They were 
also required to be checked for accuracy. If a cable went down, either 
shorting or left open, the location of the break had to be determined as 
fast as possible. All of this required an enormous amount of knowledge, and 
all of this is described in Dodge's textbook.

Hawkins Electrical Guide, various editions, Hawkins and Staff, Audel, 
1914-1917, etc. I use these constantly; the volumes I have (which still 
can be found, relatively inexpensive) cover such things as electric 
trains, trolleys, and cars; crystal radio receivers and transmitters; 
therapeutic and medical uses of electricity and x-rays; electrical meas- 
urement; motion picture camera and projector technology; and telegraphy 
(codes, printouts, sounders, etc.). You can build from these books; you 
can also get an understanding how, for example, electrostatics ended up in 
the form of vaginal and rectal electrodes (among other things). I do want 
to praise the Audel's series/handbooks in general; they cover everything 
from rouge to automobiles, and they're authoritative.

Karl Kraus, Apocalyptic Satirist, Culture and Catastrophe in Habsburg 
Vienna, Edward Timms, Yale, 1986. Kraus is one of my favorite writers, in 
spite of his problematic, feminism/anti-feminism, occasional conservatism, 
etc. His writing and condemnations of war, anti-feminism, misuse of lang- 
uage and psychoanalysis, is fierce. His Jewishness is odd; he turned 
towards and then away from, Catholicism. Timms goes as far as possible 
into understanding him. I found a first edition of Die letzten Tagen der 
Menschheit (Last Days of Mankind) and was thrilled; I'm amazed he wasn't 
hung for it. One of his books, Spruche und Widerspruche, has been trans- 
lated by Jonathan McVity as Dicta and Contradicta in a very neat volume 
published by Illinois, 2001; I most highly recommend this (I find the 
German so compressed, I can't read it without the translation) which 
resonates with his more-than-aphoristic style.

The Concealed Essence of the Hevajra Tantra, with the commentary Yogarat- 
namala, G.W. Farrow and I. Menon, Motilal Banarsidass, 2001. This is one 
of the main non-dual Yogini tantras, and I love it; in particular, there 
is a lot on secret sign language, on the fire sacrifice, on purification, 
on nonexistence, and so forth. Translated from Sanskrit and Tibetan. For a 
Chinese version, somewhat different but again quite beautiful, there is 
The Chinese Hevajratantra, Ch. Willemen, Motilal Banarsidass, 2004.

Counterexamples in Topology, Lynn Arthur Steen and J. Arthur Seebach, Jr, 
Dover, 1995, from the 1978 edition. The book gives around 150 counter- 
examples of topological spaces, which are quite useful in thinking through 
analog/digital (or discrete) issues and their meeting at the limits. It's 
also fun to read, imagining some of the oddest mathematical models around.

The Archaeology of Knowledge & The Discourse on Language, Michel Foucault, 
Pantheon, 1971. This slippery text, which you must know better than I do, 
deserves a closer look; it resonates, I think, with Buddhist epistemology 
in its problematizing of language and statement, its diffusion, and at 
times the language reminds me of the Flower Ornament Sutra. Ok, far- 
fetched, and I'm deeply Foucault-ignorant, but it seems that the work is 
increasingly useful in considering outdated real/virtual distinctions.

bash Cookbook, Carl Albing, JP Vossen, and Cameron Newham, O'Reilly, 2007. 
I asked O'Reilly to send me this as a review copy; I love the bash shell, 
and this book presents the world of it. There are chapters on scripting, 
shell tools, getting started, novice 'goofs'; there are numerous reference 
lists as well. As I've said before, the O'Reilly books have been a guide 
for me, from Linux 2.0 stuff on. They're intelligent, amazingly well- 
written, authoritative, and backed up online. There's no wasted space and 
they're well-printed, rarely going out of date - I'm using ones that are 
twenty years old. I particularly like the degree of detail which allows 
someone, from a novice to a programmer, to quickly find the tools she 
needs. I also like the fact they're _books_; for a while I subscribed to 
Safari (when I could afford it!), but I ended up carrying the books around 
instead - they make good reading away from the computer as well. I highly 
recommend this book to anyone working in Unix/Linux; you won't regret it, 
and you'll use it often.

Overview of Buddhist Tantra, General Presentation of the Classes of Tan- 
tra, Captivating the Minds of the Fortunate Ones, Panchen Sonam Dragpa, 
translation by Martin J. Boord and Losang Norbu Tsonawa, Library of 
Tibetan Works and Archives, 1996. This text is from the 15th-16th century; 
I read it in conjunction with F.D. Lessin, Alex Wayman, Introduction to 
the Buddhist Tantric Systems, Mkhas-grub-rje (1385-1438), Samuel Weiser, 
1980. I prefer the latter which is elegant and beautiful to read. (I know 
I'm using 'beautiful' as well as 'useful' a lot, and this text is of 
course both.)

The Fundamental Wisdom of the Middle way, Nagarjuna's Mulamadhyamakakar- 
ika, translation and commentary by Jay L. Garfield, Oxford, 1995. This 
sets out the Middle Way, and is _the_ philosophical text, I think, under- 
lying almost all the others I describe here. A great deal of Nagarjuna's 
work - including works on logic - has been translated, and is well worth 
reading. I'm currently stumbling through Nagarjuna's Refutation of Logic 
(Nyaya), Vaidalyaprakarana, translated from the Tibetan by Fernando Tola 
and Carmen Dragonetti. The paradoxes _matter._ Emptiness resonates with 
true world, at least in my mind. What more can I say?

Cabaret Performance, Sketches, Songs, Monologues, Memoirs, Volume II: 
Europe 1920-1940, selected and translated, with commentary by Laurence 
Senelick, Johns Hopkins, 1993. This book is important to me, as are any 
number of others dealing with Weimar (etc.) cabaret; I'm influenced by 
such figures as Valeska Gert and Anita Berber. (This comes out clearly in 
the SL performances.) Cabaret Performance presents material from them and 
a number of other people; there's been a _lot_ of material on cabaret from 
this period, which was way ahead of its time. I've reviewed The Seven 
Addictions and Five Professions of Anita Berber before; you can begin 
there, or online with google, etc.; in any case the material in Senelick's 
book ranges over far wider territory and is an absolute revelation.

Prehistoric Digital Poetry, An Archaeology of Forms, 1959-1995, C.T. 
Funkhouser, Alabama, 2007. Disclaimer: my work is in it. Claimer: This is 
by far the most generous text I've seen on the origins and meanderings of 
digital literary-plus forms; I think it's fundamental, if anything is. 
Funkhouser ranges over a vast territory, from codeworks through concrete 
poetry, from Mac Low to hypercard. This should be essential reading in any 
experimental/new media/electronic literature/writing class; it's also fun!

The Lankavatara Sutra, A Mahayana Text, Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki, Motilal 
Banardsidass, 1999, from the London 1932 edition; and Studies in the 
Lankavatara Sutra, D.T. Suzuki, Mushiram Manoharlal, 1998, from the 
original 1930 edition. Everyone knows D.T. Suzuki; this is clearly his 
masterwork - his translation of the sutra, and subsequent analysis. I find 
his emphasis on Zen somewhat biased (as, elsewhere, his emphasis on 
Bushido and Rinzai Zen), but he's done an invaluable service in this 
translation - and better yet, it's now available, along with commentary, 
in relatively inexpensive Indian editions. The sutra is wonderful, if for 
no other reason than the amazing list of questions and answers propounded. 
This is an important sutra, and Suzuki discusses the theory of mind, 
externals, and egolessness inherent in it. Not to be missed I think.

Introduction to the Middle Way, Chandrakirti's Madhyamakavatara with 
Commentary By Jamgon Mipham, translated by the Padmakara Translation 
Group, Shambhala, 2002. This should be read in conjunction with the other 
translation listed above; this is by far the most poetic. The text is 
highly compressed in the original, and both commentaries help elucidating 
Chandrakirti's meaning.

Tantra in Practice, edited by David Gordon White, Motilal Banarsidass, 
2001. This is a great collection of Buddhist, Hindu, Jain, and Islamic 
texts; it's incredibly wide-ranging and includes both contemporary 
commentary and translations. One of the best detailed collections of 
tantric rites.

Beautiful Code, Leading Programmers Explain How They Think, edited by Andy 
Oram and Greg Wilson, O'Reilly, 2007. All I can say is this is currently 
my favorite computer book; I'm learning more about programming practices 
than I have from years of kludging! This goes well with another currently 
my favorite computer text, Paul A. Fishwick's Aesthetic Computing, MIT, 
2006. Both of these chart out territories of deep code and visualization - 
from the visualizing of programming itself, to interfacing and image pro- 
duction. I think these are the two books to get, in terms of coding and 
new media; I frankly prefer them to any of the straightforward anthologies 
out there.

Feynman, Lectures on Computation, edited by Tony Hey and Robin W. Allen, 
Perseus, 1996, reprinted with corrections, 1999. This is an interesting 
guide to coding, communication, computation and thermodynamics of com- 
putation, quantum computers, etc. There's a good section on the physical 
aspects of computation. If you like Feynman or are interested in a very 
readable exposition of difficult material, you'll like this, in spite of 
the fact some of it is out of date (but not the basic material).

Maps of the Profound, Jam-yang-shay-ba's Great Exposition of Buddhist and 
Non-Buddhist Views on the Nature of Reality, Jeffrey Hopkins, Snow Lion, 
2003. The original dates from 1689. This version contains both the root 
text, which is terse and difficult, and commentaries, which are terse and 
difficult. This enormous work is a presentation of tenets text, used to 
systematize a number of schools and viewpoints. I've not read it straight 
through, but it is terrific to dip into, follow the strands of philosophy 
and disputation. Among other things, it's indicative of the depth of the 
Tibetan/Buddhist philosophical tradition, and what it has to offer to the 
rest of us, mired, I believe, in issues of subject/abject/object and all 
their inconsistencies.

Chasing Clouds, A decade of Studies, Emily Cheng, Timezone 8, 2008. I've 
followed Emily's work for years (she was also cameraperson on the Blue 
Tape with Kathy Acker), and have admired her paintings, drawings, and 
graphics and their relationships to history, aesthetics, and issues of 
Buddhism/Taoism, and multiculturalism in general. This book focuses on her 
studies, which are small, intimate, often intricate, and remind me of 
Taoist talismans; they're also wonderfully beautiful and meditative. It's 
not often a collection of reproductions functions on its own as a book to 
be cherished, but this one does! The reproductions are beautiful as well.

Second Life, a Guide to Your Virtual World, Brian A. White, Que, 2007 - 
the most useful book I've seen on Second Life, with the least amount of 
fluff; it even covers the use of bvh files and Poser. This is the one to 
get. It takes you through particles, economics, scripting behavior, model- 
ing, etc. Highly recommended.

The Embodied Mind, Cognitive Science and Human Experience, Francisco J. 
Varela, Evan Thompson, and Eleanor Rosch, MIT, 1991. I hadn't seen this 
before; Sandy Baldwin pointed it out to me. It discusses mind and self 
with an approach based both on Madhyamika philosophy and cog sci and 
should be read by anyone interested in the topic. Again, highly 
recommended; I'd been looking for this kind of approach for a long time. 
The last sentence is prescient: "At the very least, the journey of 
Buddhism to the west provides some of the resources we need to pursue 
consistently our own cultural and scientific premises to the point where 
we no longer need and desire foundations and so can take up the further 
tasks of building and dwelling in worlds without ground."





