

some duologue from 07/16/08 SL performance, Baldwin/Sondheim /mod


WRITING MACHINE: http://www.alansondheim.org/writingmachine.mp4

A module describes an orbit; particles are emitted at regular intervals. 
The direction of the particle stream is determined by local 'weather' or 
'wind' in second life. The stream is jerked by the orbit, and this results 
in the repeated generation of similar graphemes or artifacts in the air, 
which travel along with the stream, slowly disappearing at the farther 
end. Perhaps this is one source for the sign: something is configured and 
emitted at regular intervals, the locals stand around and watch.


[19:06] Political Magic is Online Maxxo Klaar sandy Taifun Man Michinaga 
Taifun: This what I mean. Alan wish to thank everyone who has participated 
in this play. Gesture New missing from database. /clap Connecting in-world 
Voice Chat... Connected I'll kill you. We want you as well, Alan, for the 
opportunity. Hey! You! Avatar! am He makes me speak Nicely but can't write 
Interesting. Thank Alan. see or hear. sleep; navar sleep.  fuck anyone to. 
avatar sunk beneath mud

[19:07] /whistle all of gimme love A woman's face appears superimposed on 
a train. zzzz Where everyone? Doodah song accompanying half-naked Nikuko 
and fully naked Doctor. dances strangely by herself right-hand side. i 
prefer small, seeping, peripeheral, marginal, scattered words sites, 
domains, emanations, emissions, which are interwoven sharing coagulated 
ego/s, matrices, languages, bodies. would break down here, language that 
use against me? so will absjure, abjure these ... moments ? words, drops 
say drizzle everything moment you, mmmm... matrix, mother, maternal, 
carrying forth announces itself edge frame dialog, carried forth...  
times smooth us, bits bytes, protocls lost smoothing functions traced 
across peripheries, margins zzzzz Zhaoxin Magic: very confuse Piece 
381,924 piece 381,924, addressing me. Jennifer Julu

[19:08] Hello Julu, come Julu. vectored human define an organism 
infinitely repairable not crap cyber-shamanisms, we extend body into blank 
spaces behind head, below where posts baby You Julu-Julu; have in. 
introduce THE PRESIDENT. within without semi-geodesic space paralleling 
i'm becoming avatar-man with dream-woman. can imagine theater well this, 
taking piss cloth, blood shit matching contradicting Maybe one thing. 
blank;  those us entrails debris space, torn fragments time: fucked 1932 
Jennifer. It thing, 381,924. flesh, my tongue coated course through veins, 
our marrows intertwined You: cunt, i'll legs, swallow it bodies, breasts 
be large penetrated your scarred me, their incisions breasts, throat, 
thighs, cock incised, labia... must cut thin... yes.. lie anothers 
bodies... smear ourselves... drip only food... belong always you... 
------------------------------------------------- ure whole self ..keep 
there ..kjkeep ..never move ..don't suffo cate ureself ..alll over ..take 
cunt ..put mouth ea t up ..become ..have ures..give ..plac e here ..try 
...this ing each other ..al food ..all drinks ..swollowing up..and plac 
lil pieces onto u around ..ure hair Those bulging ligaments _there_ world 
_there_: put cover thing Nikuko. Jennifer, been guide many years, Forgive 
AVATAR!! close gape gap hiatus chiasm crossed desire: soft reboot hard 
reboot; Community foundation life, Doctor Leopold Nikuko, understand 
other. delete; hex it:  check virus: virus smell holes: sloughed entrails:  
But do doctor. Twine Check out drive drive: travels interior edges 
computer casing; leaks floppy slit; remove clothing.

[19:09] What do? wonderful live such time... wear tutu. Hi how too look at 
repeat same aaa ---------------------------= YTalk version 3.0 (2) 
=---------------------------- yes body, remains, excretions, tears, be- 
yes, hands arms ass, mouth... dripping swallowing eating another... yes... 
i'd drink piss, back mouth, again, purify our- selves... cycle hair... 
eyes well... crazy

[19:10] eg ..and place screedn hrough fluids ..that rf another layer 
..another pushing fingers toes inside mine ..tipping ourselves ..sliding r 
skins ..like two snakles ..curling eat filled washing off..never using 
anything o coat ..always ..u wash ..i . pirouettes three cameras sfx text 
zzzzzz Nude sitting nude Konninger sfx.

[19:11] Fuck AVATAR! FUCK U Quickcam segments Nikuko's voice describing 
her sex. transparent skirt Dovctor. Konninger, both dressed, dance. open 
kimono mouthing AAAAH like shinto guardian. The Male Ballet Dancer moves 
neurotically space. Three still dance shots bring halt. tutu perform 
Musical Number. beg pardon horrible crimes committed! alive, ever talking 
about? knew person seduce drool erection... balls... screens... hair, 
stronger than ever, downwards towards asshole... pubic rubbed mailed 
here... dna molecules breath... cloth... blood... sleep cloth lick take 
me... never imagined think movement ..r setting mind free feeling crawling 
..it starts mind..i readin g pictures creeps kisses u.. blowing ..along 
line ..from screen scree n ..up legs took last night sleept Julu's corpse 
before Poor, poor misery!

[19:12] stop that? silly! My guilt aggravated... I've forgotten. play 
continues. Please, me! getting ridiculous! Roar roar roar. You're just 
avatar.  These announcements we're making, quite ready... Disgraced, 
thrown dust, leaving life... prrecum.unning...down legsdo ..you taste 
period, smelil ofwoould toour bod... ies ..i'd likethe armpits yor ur 
asshole breath morning, that... no they could watch we'd turn televisions 
off, holes th fucking, smells coming house unbearable ed p .;.alll floors 
walk sounds ....ith outsideawithlllout uthenderclopantsth ...... thining 
king ower ..before ..to feel fltuidhatrusonnundis wng ondedowrfun l.m.. y 
lecougsld youir wouldfirlikst..e .. thatthe ..the ewoulffd wonderful... 
effect myboyou dy any..how thido ng wiwe thth camea?? ra... tape watching 
te. tell .me doing... km sittin ..on chair w care eyes. gone mad! reading 
novels!  thanks Years weigh heavily nightmare crimes... Please quiet. No 
wants hear name commission duly entrusted -- PRESIDENT part audience. 
listens.

[19:13] JENNIFER!! circle. waiting turns responsible language.  says order 
doesn't matter. going die! players. perfectly powerful; power broken.  
you! broken scenes. elected official. term decided term. PRESIDENT! lkd l 
ikike fucke haved, areas enatrated once.. first time year had real 
pleasures pena etrati wis wonderfu wck ouldu tha..it wanreat llyyou tlo 
ike thato .me..to... thwould ings m..uchd..o.u havey pe iercingns? normal 
nothing told penetrate ..with kinds thangs.. ltootsa...wonderful h 
trinketsyou ...u cocan uldtierme up...eally st. go placew know near 
waterfall amazing ..nobody ..we mad..we tohgod pape eiss falls.... yeah 
tie tye ie tree... ures..mingle 
yes.ou.r.selves..si######################### thi# Talk abcdefg@cc? # 
sho######################### tatto shole Excellent. And do, - Tell nature 
wrecking activities. When was working seed cultivation department 
excellent, best.  criminal activities?

[19:14] Here activities consisted wrong. charge agriculture. forgive 
learning here. hello Who betrayed. utmost importance! All wonderful! 
responsible. How matters stood butter, interest see! inner mechanics 
hydraulic fluid don't sell butter rural districts. Exactly, asking sell. 
were above all. graves hateful traitors grow over! goes. amazing. They 
found out! ...Gorky loved fire, flames, made this.

[19:15] DESTROY ALL AVATARS EXTERMINAT Oh oh, awful! awful thing! empty 
There T favor company comfort.  bones. Without dull steady. its seepages. 
devour night. THEATER AND bright light sunshine!

[19:16]

[19:17] go? shout: wnat colleciton best hekki hky cne ubn hyky hardcore 
jealous pierced clit tit jealous, skin things wire, got yr head "make 
real" when anorectic burned blue bulb chain. record kept around. Hole 
around, fire clothes fell heap, wood, tattoo matched needle creased 
turned, greased tongued, get down, it, make real, feel, starved death, 
blue, she did sky stares create master mindflayer. mindflayer misses hit. 
Cityguard arrived. slash hard. devil rod. chop him pieces! Ah! blood! Your 
freezes hea ah im 2 As regards work, necessary.

[19:18] Even more that! ys why thing? Oh! Attacks every side!  Woe! 
without! Look I'm fucking myself. ...Further Trotsky developed idea 
necessity! dearest us! Trotsky! Something done now! won't anyone. stand 
murderer! oh no!!! killed Jennifer! curses Kakazov his perfidious crime!  
Look,

[19:19] saved saboteurs country!  play, Ladies Gentlemen. Cityguard's 
death cry. Tiffany quaint, magical gesture hand. created slave! > slave's 
slave rain. aren't 'fuck rain'ase please please...do iturhaned on...ve hi 
athounght makingon pure energy... yer .....that tues havee apapassion 
great penatration lik three. past thjis c omes KIM IL Hello, member 
audience happy. brought die. TIFFANY! Great Leader, done? TIFFANY you' Our 
Party fight Right 'Left'! yes? good, drag renegades! Yes, ABSOLUTEly! wont

[19:20]

[19:21] Klaar: said word again llucky listen avatar-man. dream-woman 
contaminated. building condemned.

[19:22] why? Avatars disturbances, irruptions language, lang- uage 
portending _the raveling existence essence subject other/ side tangled 
avatar-sites/sights/citations. @create $thing called begging. begging 
object number #75438.  new commer? days pleasure 4 ..in 
olblivion..noboi'mdy arounbd ambleeding monet ..so fa ce wouild 'd 
berlpaove intedto suck..and theyourer bloodst ure...body pi'aint images 
withve bmyeen pblaited beooodfo.. dao und itlike that?,oh god anything... 
everything... hot savage whe i've painted... much pain allowed ?? ures 
havetied n't ex.plsioredttithang mwuch...iht ...ih'd,lomhmghve thatd, 
tighin ying tightly up, binding clean, fluids, stuff, ass.... push themin 
deep... them suck someaone togethersoaked ....in tooswe...t soackfedlui 
stick-like _anime_ figures distributed authorships anatomies. future Net, 
if attains state _seamless virtual reality,_ melding disturbances way 
tending _psychosis,_ interweaving realities, respon- sibilities claim 
clear speaker separate creations. Voices, voices!  perfect second life 
'this develop limits program, reveal substructures/protocols work violate 
dialogs something hardly exists fringes often lure seduction among avatars 
relates Lacanian objet a, deferal.... ruptures characters resonating 
interfering configuration files appear other, erasures also visible, 
letters disappearing reverse. Object: 3a2c32f8-279a-492c-89b4-ecc038d67c97

[19:23] coagulating limpets seas jellies made, women, sounded, resonated, 
protocol, site winds you've before, repetition goal delibery interval...  
about semblance face, lineaments mouths, speaking elsewhere, sides Each 
participant occupies represents (virtual) constituted written margins, 
slippages, constitutions, constructs, emergences "depths" software 
hardware, blockages flows account, surface manifestations possible 
comprehend subjectivity transformed early 'outt' behavior construct-space 
outt-structure. avatar-video avatar-performance different content degree. 
sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, prakata, pritvardhana, 
aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita consider _projection self_ 
appearance various applications dark dreams, enough limbs, mine... matrix 
saves beginning ending, liquid pureness salvaging spaces... package: / 
knives. prims cut. talks. he says. it. construction torsion edge-space. 
world. happened avatars! little people! moved avatars... thousand voices. 
Mon poupees. DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE HUMAN? murmur 
constantly, surface, heart, gasps air, dolls run everywhere, underfoot. 
song, aire, jig rondelay!

[19:24] "My leashed, tethered logical thought, protocols thought; it's 
wonder al One cannot reach farther thinking one's reach, avatars. closer 
control release, dissipation. Enter reality world, suffused sound. Over 
Lord 1 Quon: tone war... Wings creak, sound beginning.  (Subtitle)  
Haruka: "Why blue?" That's you're wondering.  Ayato stops toward Har 
sinews muscles mecoming glands libs blotting muscular enervations loose 
wet chest become hardens heaves grapples pistons rods machine production 
bones turning ooze vapors heat clouding spongy webs cleam tongues orifices 
SWOLLEN = COMPACTED MIRE FLUID FOG SECRETION VOLUPTUARY DISSOLUTE ENTRAILS 
SLUICES FERRIC CORAL GELATINIZE metallize starched nurse uniform wanton 
liquify vaporize atmospheric electricity markers lust muddies turgid idols 
fondly animal fur feathers root dank hummus flake caress fabric silk 
leather seesaw horse hump transact mire ossify hardness collapse 
secretions belly giggling jelly swamps fetishize solidify sweating 
gleaming belts boots powdered male milk-sap LIFE EXCESS BLOOD PUMP 
conduity neuter identity hunt economy dyad wife-force co-

[19:25] phallocratic mach bullshit rights WIT NONSENSE RICOCHET HEART 
CLANDESTINE NIBBLES ocean illuminated plastic box motor, tiny heels 
depilated nose job musculature buildt gym scar hand man woman PEFORATED 
LOBES OF EARS HIS NOSTRILS ARMS TUSKS BEAKS CLAWS PLUMES SHELLS PATHS 
FEAST ritual-objects-insignia-power-substitute-spiritual- 
satellite-enchanted-love-exposure-regulative-transaction-corruption-norm 
RAVINE CUT fang graft trench flat postural diagrammatics thrust engine 
grammar paradigm eliminations jeans motorcycle acquire baody parts others 
milk urine value social universal perversion contract law coordinate field 
criminalization society transactions portions feed decay protodocument 
libertinage rules outcries screams unnatural acts after-image liquefy 
crime shortcircuit dissipate thickness passion trigger calculate discourse 
cipher OUTRAGE NORM ASSAULT SUCH EQUILIBRIUM BLAZE SCREAM solitude 
essential limit stranger shout absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK VIGOR BODY 
FRAME "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I" GO AWAY begin bots expert systems some 
symptoms OOH AHH YOU AAH YOUR YOURS Well, there's writing stale. He's 
taken bend trundles bundles future; share avatar's, there, heard

[19:26] semiotic comic witness extreme speech reduction crushed limbs 
conspiracy integral monsters torso split big brains natyasatrotpatti: 
mythical origin Just pirouettes, center them. Her flying SQUEAK forever 
now hold peace; lease any left, vaseline-coated camera lens streets orchid 
limb meter possessive handgun GIMME SAY AM DYING remaining suspended 
preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis playhouse rangadevatapujana: worship 
deities connected stage upangavidhana: gestures minor eyballs eyebrows 
cheeks lower lip chin AVATAR MACHINE coursing trapped blood, flush spirit 
vaporized, substitute bodypart another, apparatus obstinancy, prick 
keyboard lap ...flu etting wrap smel kls ..harahd ........it 
ohcgodover..e..d bloodyou'll sand end ibodt.... yescovr sli3;23Heep 
wil.l.... sleepwith it... machine: undoes belt buckle him, finds right 
diagram support weight, tongue, zone, MOUTH LETS CHAINS SENTENCES, 
RAMPLES, GIGGLES, TONGUES SPREAD WET OUT OVER LIPS, LEAKS, COLLAPSES, 
MELTS, FINGERS tongue. takes

[19:27] home. gave Life Avatar Body File God attempting escape vectors 
result avatar-work led 15:47:47 constructed motion capture equipment 
15:48:08 laser scanning Love War, Avatar, Cyborg, Experimental 
conferences. help. 16:04:35 explore 'body-avatar' issues tobother people 
less! 16:07:11 dancers 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact {avatars backed, 
infinite space}. digital sublime, space} refuse moon-bay, moon-bay.  
avatars, (digital) sublime; sublime backs wall space; nowhere left go. 
while ago excusable! went somewhere, something! elsewhere disappearance 
branch hardened rock occasional artifacts. itself, image-avatar, ghost. 
ghost course;  coordinates tacit knowledge electronic Every symbol 
ligament avatar; referent gesture; procures body; Kamishibai, idols, 
PlayKiss Meat-Girl, (among others) 'emanation' transparency, wizard 
listening-posts MOOs example. are, becoming-virtual still. Given 
danced-to-infinity motion-capture second=life quasi-avatar somewhat 
distanced image 'break through' private barriers consequence llnhx 
2.2.6.::attributions Devour Blue Nattributions Brought Forth lntarn$l 
karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas, Attempt grapple ungrapple Death Star Galleon 
(s0): boarding Flying Dutchy (f0) Dutc Sound wood wire: alpine zither:

[19:28] spectre doll faerie wraithe hobgoblin troll tengu kappa presence 
stitch suture closing damming holding velvet cotton wool "Consider next 
smearing skin.\n"; "one one, alone, typing Control-d done.\n"; $name calls 
$a[$gen1] $noun[$non], hungered, making things.  $prep[$pre] $a[$gen], 
$a[$diff], $[$gen], $str? system("touch .trace; rev rope >> .trace");  
system("rm rope");  "Your inscription finished, thing.", "\n\n" 3 < $g; 
read notice, change

[19:29] chaqnge

[19:30] because sl third

[19:31] tsukuri mashou, sate nani ga dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita! 
klasugh wot ...see away coollk s9 koo excited abo...ut that.... 
ohis.th...at long owo ahw... ybe y.p tom y..orr y..yoweah? act erabout 
active ha *grive nmade*

[19:32] angry.

[19:33]

[19:34] already half-erect, this... lightning moving legs... send some- 
think... keep spread fills cock... returns kiss,

[19:35]

[19:36] everyone, running video audio, on,

[19:37] entrance veew

[19:38]

[19:39]

[19:40] home with. avoid swords.  swords avatar-meat representation 
uncaptured remembering origins scars ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer 
ancer/igital igital ancer.  ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.  deconstructible level deconstruction 
engineering reverse

[19:41]

[19:42]

[19:43] cu wonderfully pack age..to ..a

[19:44] rection...

[19:45] remediations, mediations, projectivities, introjectivities, 
phenomenologies, histories, mechanics, Extruded intruded (upon) body: 
cleansed bodies continuous middle-eastern 'war' armored imaginary journeys 
(Rhine, England); sexualized bodies: audiophiles app arounds bio blogs awk 
biomes tion tr exe everglades empathetic encapsulations episteme extasis 
entropic extensivity fantasm externality ass... body... streams... shit, 
piss...

[19:46] fifty industrialized nations incincerated 250000 Iraqis ARMED 
POLITICS ANNIHILIZATION science baby,

[19:47] red pepper boiling vinegar teach marks PHILOSOPHY VIRTUAL BEDROOM 
immortal sacred heater train pet rudding odors sweat vaginal semen ova 
decompositions bacteria vegetation hummingbirds sparrows flies mites "i 
detest well" imitate her" curse felt" SURFACE! SEX! SHADOWS! ELEMENTS! 
PINK MUFFINS! COUCH EARTH! DUCK LIPS! MANDRAKES! small creature 
half-hidden seaweed brown undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb 
doorway color remains unreality demonstrated becomes eye longer 
stimulation retina declares odorless wind trees



Julu Twine:


http://www.alansondheim.org/dreamlandone.mp4


Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaafloor2' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaaamputee' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you '3' in Second Life. Log in to accept or decl
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'maud22' in Second Life. Log in to accept or
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'stripper11' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'holdingclosee' in Second Life. Log in to ac
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaantiparallel3' in Second Life. Log in to 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aanudance2' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaa' in Second Life. Log in to accept or de
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaastrange' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'thrustext2' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'thrustext' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'thrustest' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaafloor1' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'shortdouble2' in Second Life. Log in to acc
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'shortextended1' in Second Life. Log in to a
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'shorttangent2' in Second Life. Log in to ac
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaaacrazy' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'twotwo' in Second Life. Log in to accept or
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'three' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'four' in Second Life. Log in to accept or d
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'sculpt_2008Jul7_20pm37-7_n002' in Second Li
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'sculpt_2008Jul7_20pm35-16_n001' in Second L
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'curl9' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'curl7' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'curl8' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'curla' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 




Second Life come visit!


Unique visitors today = 8, yesterday 9, total 143
Peak unique 3, Yesterday 2, Total 10
view all chat "/superg visitors" next greeter.
13, 156
16, 172
7, 179
135
10, 118
126
17, 40, 85
4, 5, 94
1, 99
=2Eeditor a:visited {color: #551A8B}
187
12, 199
206
218
225
232
248
261
25, 286
20, 306




Absence of Light, images and theory


The black images, Second Life, absent of air, absent of light. To make a 
primitive semiotics: what's black is _not-there, bot-air._

http://www.alansondheim.org/ blk jpg series

There are two classes of black objects:

1. Architectural. These are interior building parts or prims that 
ordinarily would lend support and protection for a structure. Here they 
are always decorative, placed for the participant's sense of well-being.

1a.. Architectural exceptions. These are building parts that cannot be 
changed because of unavailable permissions or building parts that lead 
into the structure, which have their own interior/exterior, water/air/ 
ground semiotics.

2. Mobile objects. These are moving objects transformed into silhouettes 
with unknown convoluted interiors and planar surfaces. They are invades 
wishing to remain unknown; the move in strangled or stuttered orbits.

2a. Exceptions. At least one moving object is a video surface, and remains 
visible. There are a number of invisible objects immediately inside and 
outside the front of the structure which are also video surfaces. There is 
a binary rotating group consisting of a female-in-motion-capture and a 
male satellite objects paneled with male organs; the two visually lock 
after an untold number of revolutions. This sits central on the gallery 
floor and references the 'mudpile' object near the entrance, which is also 
circular and low and is textured with the skin of a female Poser avatar. 
The mudpile is also a video surface as is the complex 'curtain object' 
hanging above the binary rotating group.

Schelling Hegel in addition to Gongsun Long, Wittgenstein, Carneades

1. At night all cows are black.

2. Identity as concept or image or word is self-contradiction.

3. Nothing is identical to itself.

4. A white horse is not a horse.

5. It is dark, a long object, snake or rope, is in a cave. What do I do.
What is the phenomenology.

6. Perhaps it is a white horse.

7. I would feel the texture of the air and the dim glow from the moonlight 
reveals all.

8. Perhaps it is a cow.

9. At night all things are black; who is to tell a cow from a white horse. 
I feel the texture of the air and dim glow.

10. I see an absence of light defined only by a visible edge. As an object 
moves, the visible edge is transformed; if one thinks of the absence as a 
two-dimensional bounded plane, the transformation of the visible edge 
implies either an internal complex apparatus or one or more additional 
dimensions and axes of rotation.

11. As objects absences of light relate phenomenologically to dark matter, 
everything untoward, nothing appearing, nothing apparent, but effect.

12. Absence of light is the fundamental stratum of Second Life which only 
appears when summoned, like a golem; its visibility is monitor-dependent, 
and its fundamental ontology is that of bits and bytes, codes and 
protocols, computer programs and languages. What appears around or outside 
the absence of light is uncanny, self-thwarting, hardly an existence at 
all.

13. The limits of my language are the limits of my world - from the 
outside looking as language imposes its own semiosis, its structure always 
already borrowed from the exterior, invisible to most; language in this 
metaphoric sense is an absence, parole is just talking about things (as 
ordinary school arithmetic without Godel, Skolem, Tarski, Church is just 
counting 'them'). What's interior is analytic, what's exterior is sublime, 
on the way to phenomenology.

14. Absence of light regions occlude one another, passage is difficult, 
often impossible, we're unused to regions without internal boundaries or 
names, without meaning, with their spatiality defined only by their 
surrounds. At Second Life you may navigate these; in first life or real 
life or that part of the true world somewhere somewhen elsewise than 
digital culture or artifacts, the fecundity of the world relegates these 
to the utmost periphery; think of dust-motes, dark corners, worlds beneath 
floor-boards, uncanny ghosts, and somewhere in the corner of the corner, a 
monitor still on, however feebly, something moving on the screen, no one 
looking anywhere. ...

http://www.alansondheim.org/thewrit.mp4 , modified writing machine



flatblack imaginary


flatblack which is absence determined by video surfacing, coating,
video membrane, salve, video cortisone, video of the stuttered shuddered
tiling, sputtered or shattered video, splattered video or video spew:

you can really find your way around here

several thousand equivalent images 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ nest jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/shade.mp4


rounds

yes, well it's possible to take a ride on these things, you might go 
somewhere perhaps in the best circles, Julu's sloughing her skin again, 
she's doing it for anyone, you can't catch it, it disappears, there's 
always another, you're in the middle of the stream, you can step in it 
twice, you can step in it more than twice, you can repeat yourself, you 
can repeat yourself exactly, can't you. so you might take a ride, one 
shadow to another, let's call them shades, slightly more accurate, forms 
of ghost-traps, they'll bring you in, you'll emerge with nothing though, 
hardly a memory, something on the order of repetition-compulsion, perhaps 
osmosis. life is one skin after another, they're all the same, they all 
appear the same, something different perhaps to the utmost, but a kind of 
mechanical equivalence, they're not identical, pseudo-random calculations 
ensure that, however close one might think of them as such. there's a 
cliff between the random and the pseudo-random, and that cliff is percep- 
tion. make no mistake about them = make no mistake about them, nothing 
goes forever, the Net is fragile, tenuous, at best; it's always about to 
collapse, it's about collapse. here's where death comes into play: what's 
about collapse stays on the side of collapse, not death, which is a word 
and I will stop that when I die, until then, round and round

http://www.alansondheim.org/merryround.mp4



frisson: desiring machine replete
double-rotation and piston current at Second Life The Accidental Artist
at central pavilion

http://www.alansondheim.org/ frisson jpgs

observe stand sit rotate




2 videos/concepts -


First video - Julu visits a visitors center in Second Life and listens in.

http://www.alansondheim.org/gossip.mp4 concept: intervention

Second video - Gary Manes' modified proximity sensor script sends Julu 
into the depths instead of objects. Julu thereupon rides an object into 
the depths, much to our amusement. There are two objects: female & male, 
that stumble about. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/shifts.mov concept: script error turned into 
new and unexpected behavior (aesthetically pleasing).


Concepts / Ideas - final outline for the talk tomorrow -

What we've been doing for the past six and a half months -

1 Access Grid: 
a. Circling the planet, routing data (slightly similar to bang path) - 
developing visual / audio feedback and resonances. Changing instrument 
timbre. Charting routing speed in ms.
b. Phenomenological studying of classroom/board/transmission rooms. 
(Visual lobby/room surfing.)

2 Choreography (dance with Foofwa d'Imobilite, Kira Sedlock, Azure 
Carter):
a. 'Psychogeography' - using landscape as participatory.
b. Avatar imitation/extension (Kira: 'avadance') for projection, 
recording, etc.
c. Face-dance: Scowling, imitating, etc.
d. Technology: 
i. Using Very Low Frequency (VLF) radio: atmospherics (played back in 
Second Life (SL). 
ii. Vibration sensor used to record sound of dancer's movement.
e. Labor, physical work involved in dance/music.
i. Ennui piece.
ii. Hi-speed music/sound.

3 Other:
a. VLF recorded in various areas - what are the anomalous signals 
generated elsewhere?
b. Haptic Devices: What occurs at mathematical limits defined by computer 
limitations (i.e. sin(tan(x)))? How does a user experience these limits?

4 Scan:
a. Three-dimensional spatial scanning with small laser: manipulations of 
bodies, body images, tantric articles. How are bodies changed or perceived 
as changed (shelling as example)? How can the tantric object be virtually 
'extended' into space?
b. Three dimensional temporal-spatial scanning with large laser: Body 
multiples, fluid temporality mapped onto proscenium which interact as 
totality, i.e. becomes an object for other bodies, real and virtual. See 
Social Aspect below (5 e.).

5 Mocap:
a. Distributed or rearranged sensors (physical reconfiguration of incoming 
data).
b. Reworked interface to change mathematical mapping functions from data 
to bvh files.
c. General concept of FILTERING as fundamental characteristic of organism, 
intelligence, any perceiving or sensing. 
i. Bandwidth issues.
ii. Bias issues.
d. Bounded choreographies (limits of sensor tethering).
e. The _social_ aspect of the Virtual Environments Laboratory (VEL) motion 
capture equipment: operators, organizers, participants, etc.

6 Second Life:
a. Five month residency in Odyssey, continuous changes almost on a daily 
basis. (Thanks to Sugar Seville, Gazia Babeli, Ian Ah.)
b. Thinking of SL as malleable space or 'liquid architecture' - creating 
environments impossible and inconceivable in a real physical world.
i. Entanglement and invisible objects.
ii. Mappings of video and audio on invisible objects.
iii. Shadow-objects which coalesce.
iv. Objects playing with womb-like enclosures, continuous particle 
generation.
c. Performances from the Biovision Hierarchy (bvh) files from motion 
capture equipment, inconceivable/untoward/wayward/contrary gestures and 
behaviors.
i. Behavior collision.
ii. Obtrusive or obsructive behavior.
d. Phenomenology of lived body in untoward spaces.
i. Broken or stuttered spaces
ii. Spaces that remap themselves.
d. Spaces of abjection, dis/ease, discomfort.
i. Texture-mapping from 'real' bodies.
ii. Spaces 'veering' the subject.
iii. Spaces driving the subject's bandwidth/CPU to the limit.
iv. Spaces driving the subject's ability to walk/fly hir avatar to the 
limit.

Finally, the interoperability, habitus, interdisciplinarity of each of the 
above in relation to the others: Constants are dance, body, gesture, code 
and codework, filtering.





bicorporeal sexuality of architecture


bicorporeal Julu http://www.alansondheim.org/ bi jpgs

To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22

[8:49] 2008) : like (Saved I said Julu - 22 you 22:32:33 can 2008) do 
like [8:49] I : said (Saved - you Julu can 22 do 22:32:33 whatever 
Julu want 22:33:16 22:33:16 you but [8:49] think (Saved if what space 
to on acheive constrained is - a the space better that what on want 
constrained to the is better a way the may sky be [8:49] make (Saved up 22 
in way sky be 22:34:41 way i have have and used 22:34:41 gallery i 
context, like and the altered to it, just just it, away if with what it's 
want box I 22:35:09 sky help (Saved need, the set the teleport if from you 
skybox sounds [8:50] - The this sounds directly great above this [8:50] 
directly The above skybox space? not Sexual - Life: message User will not 
be online the message space? will [8:50] stored There delivered a later. 
couple [8:51] more There I are want couple and more delivered things 
later. gallery, and which hopefully take will few do days in hopefully 
gallery, people which come Life: explore User [8:52] all all delivered 
prims [8:52] black : video to surfaced, make 'sexually and textured' I so 
like whole womb. thing [8:52] appears Sexual womb. not [8:53] - also will 
rewrote be script, now which, deliberate) by bounces accident a (but prim 
now out deliberate) of bounces a prim which, out by of accident reach if 
when you anyone stand comes where near it stand when where anyone it comes 
was near send into down air; below I'm floor to or make into send air; 
down I'm below going the 'ceiling' to invisible that, that, the most 
sexually likely 'ceiling' sexually prims textured would work? be So 
sometime would and sometime you next textured week work? thank the 
greatly! not you I can said do - you think [8:49] whatever : you (Saved 
want [8:49] Julu : 22 (Saved 2008) Julu think 2008) if but want better 
is a the on better constrained to way a be space to the space like 
22:34:41 way i gallery have context, used and the it, it's but better if 
altered what it, do is it's away make help sky to help 2008) with gallery 
that to and if up and skybox [8:50] directly can above this [8:50] the 
message not will online things a in will hopefully few people days [8:51] 
come Sexual explore Life: - User [8:51] not Sexual online Life: stored the 
delivered black later. stored prims make black all all want 'sexually all 
textured' the [8:52] like also later. rewrote [8:53] prim deliberate) out 
bounces of a it you was stand it where of the sexually likely thank next 
[8:53] stored said said

22:32:33 
whatever 
22:33:16
want
22:33:16

think 
on
to
on

acheive 
constrained
acheive
constrained

may 
22:34:41 
i 
have
i
have

have

used 
context, 
altered 
just
it,
just

away 
it's 
box 
22:35:09 
help 
need, 
set 
teleport 
from 
sounds
skybox
sounds

The 
this
The
this

directly

sounds

great 
above
great
above

space? 
There
stored
There

couple
later.
couple

more
[8:51]
more

are 
things 
gallery, 
which 
hopefully
which
hopefully

take 
few 
days 
people 
come 
explore 
black 

black

video 
surfaced, 
'sexually 
textured' 

textured'

so 
whole 
womb.
whole
womb.

thing 
appears 
also 
rewrote 

rewrote

script, 
now
script,
now

which, 
deliberate)
which,
deliberate)

by 
bounces
by
bounces

accident 
(but 
prim
(but
prim

out

now

deliberate)

reach 
when 
anyone 
stand
anyone
stand

comes 
where
comes
where

near 
was 
send 
into
send
into

down 
air;
down
air;

below 
I'm
below
I'm

floor 
or 
going 
'ceiling' 
invisible 
that,
invisible
that,

most 
sexually
most
sexually

likely 
textured 
would
textured
would

work?




experimental mathesis


Today we began working with Azure repeating, as best she could, a dance 
figure she created; it was relatively simple and involved the whole body. 
each repeat was sent through motion capture into a filter designed by Gary 
Manes. The filters were as follows: 0tan, .01sin, .0001tan, 1tan, .01tan, 
10sin, 10tan, 100sin, 1000cos, 1000tan, 10000sin, 10000tan, 100000tan, 
1000000000sin; there were some duplicates as well, for controls. The 
results were studied in Poser and Second Life.

Azure's performance was documented with an antique Sony Mavica camera set 
to multiburst; see http://www.alansondheim.org/ mocapdance series.

A sample Poser video using a number of linked bvh files:
http://www.alansondheim.org/mathtest.mp4

A video of Nikuko in Second Life moving through a bvh sequence that 
appears surprisingly 'alive' in the usual sense:
http://www.alansondheim.org/alive.mp4

A video of Julu in Second Life motivated by a convoluted bvh behavioral 
collision (simultaneous enactment of two or more bvh files); the skin is 
surplus sexuality, theater, which also appears widespread at 
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 ; the Julu video is at 
http://www.alansondheim.org/throb.mp4

Because of the relative mathematical complexity of mapping three-dimen- 
sional behavior with motion capture software, the visual results vary 
widely from filter to filter; as in early crystal radio tuning, there's no 
smooth differentiable curve as constants and functions slowly change.

There are so many patterns in nature! Beyond the usual simple and complex 
tilings, there are non-repetitive tilings re: Penrose and others; there 
are fractal and chaotic regimes as well. We can also mention all sorts of 
'monstrous' curves. Given the complexity of human behavior and dynamics, 
however, I think it's fair to say that the occurrences here at the Virtual 
Environments Lab are deeply unpredictable; while the filter is relatively 
rigid and secure (in these cases), the results are tempered with the 
exigencies of muscles and bones and gravity, as well as creativity, skill, 
intention, and so forth. A filter can exaggerate, i.e. increase time and 
space contrast, minute differences, but it can also diminish them to the 
extent that a kind of collapse occurs - the limit of course being 0, 
reducing everything to equivalent quiescence. All of this is fundamental 
and basic to the calculus; one might metaphorically consider what's 
happening in these videos as a _double movement,_ of human behavior in the 
first place, and shape-riding in the second. And how far must one go 
through the process, only to return again to the semblance of organic 
life? And what is the point of the journey, involving code and protocols, 
the real and the virtual, concrete substance, organic metabolism and 
mobility, as well as an overriding abstraction and impulse to re/produce 
something elsewhere that is once more identifiable within the comfort zone 
of lived experience?

These videos/stills always surprise, always seem to offer something to be 
studied, from perception to a language of perceiving, and from the habitus 
of deeply lived environment to insistent anomalies in dialectic with 
problematic and overarching form.



Games and Cowers


The new scripts construct a game from SL exhibition space; fly through 
(see gamethrobs.mov) and objects disappear for twenty seconds - how much 
of the space can you clear? In the meantime clutter and new video 
reconstruct the space, Julu (see cower jpgs) has a new look and powers, 
and hysteria pervades prim prims and abject objects. Increasingly the 
theory's in the doing of the space, the perceiving of it, the flying and 
walking and running through it. Disappearing prims might send you spiral 
downward, but there are teleport spheres below to return you to the 
surface. It's all compact and blown apart ...


http://www.alansondheim.org/ cower jpgs

http://www.alansondheim.org/gamethrobs.mov




Dreams of Better Worlds Concrete


| http://www.alansondheim.org/ bild jpgs 
| http://www.alansondheim.org/bild.mp4 
| http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22

| Images from intractive avatar game in The Accidental Artist exhibition, 
| SL; avatar movement deconstructs architecture, frees the space. No 
| score, no wins or losses; continuous play produces continuous 
| deconstruction. The video is in black and white; color from the site 
| refuses to compress properly.

Think of it: Second Life (or similar virtual spaces) as a simulacrum of 
humanity's dream of flying, of malleable space and time; think of SL as a 
laboratory for the practical/theoretical phenomenology of space and time. 
What occurs in human flight, in the presence of strangers, in weight= 
lessness, in sudden weight, in anonymity, in exposure, in agoraphobia or 
clausterphobia? I work daily and nightly in the exhibition space, trying 
things out, not primarily for the aesthetics, but for the cog-sci, psycho-
logical, psi-a comprehension that may or may not occur. Lacan or Minsky 
might not be at home in these spaces, but they exist on the periphery of 
theory. It's far too easy to dismiss virtual spaces in relation to what 
might be considered the other, in terms of community, politics, political 
economy, information economy, religion, etc. But first there is community 
in SL, ideological struggle, etc., although not played out against the 
scarcity of necessary resources; bandwidth and prim number are irrelevant 
compared to lack of food or sleep. On the other hand it's the very absence 
of noise that makes SL more like a savanna than an urban center, and a 
savanna that at times allows one to speak and perceive with a clarity 
bordering on the uncanny. While it may be slightly difficult learning to 
move smoothly through SL, it's no more difficult than learning a sport or 
board-game, and the results are equally enriching.

I don't want to sound like an advertisement for SL or virtual worlds in 
general - but I do want to indicate their potential for psychological and 
phenomenological experimentation. What one sees can be seen from one's 
home; there's an established intimacy that the heavy cultural institut- 
ionalization of museums and galleries doesn't have. The economy is on a 
far smaller scale as well; over the years I've been on SL for example,, 
I've paid eight dollars and eighty cents in real money for uploads to the 
SL server - a small price, given the potential. Most of what I construct - 
animations, textures, sounds, texts, prims, are created with open source 
software outside SL.

To fly, to make objects disappear and appear at will, to revolve or 
otherwise motivate them, to ignore or stress gravity, to move among the 
problematic of things, to move through them, to court invisibility, to 
view oneself from one's body or alterity, to speak or write (courting both 
phoneme and grapheme), to operate within or beneath erasure, to create or 
annihilate, send objects into or out of the world - to do any of these 
things, and more, in any combination - within the limits of the computer - 
limits which are perhaps far too often emphasized (instead of seeing 
potential and the potential for expansion) - this is what, for the moment 
while the net is up and running - this is what we can work with, in how- 
ever limited our physical off-world conditions might be - and this is the 
promise, holding for the slightest while - for the premise of communica- 
tion or its lack, analogic inert and digital coded and their intermingled 
limits. It continues to surprise me, how many complaints there are about 
these worlds, from lambda-moo and earlier, and how little joy is expressed 
over their current possibilities - what they can do _now._ Forget the 
holodeck; there are already (what would have passed for) miracles afoot. 
This isn't arguing against the need for deconstruction and critique of 
SL's and other virtual worlds' political economy - just that one can 
proceed in addition from the bottom up, seeing for example what happens 
when a prim is grounded or sent elsewhere, say, into another physics, with 
a shape-rider upon it, another shape-rider perhaps desperately controlling 
the action, such as it is.

Then again, what constitutes a prim, a thing, a thing-in-itself, a proto- 
col, a code, an atom, a table of elements or fundamental particles, a 
resonance or plasma sending material worlds askew, exhausted, towards the 
defuge of potential (but never complete) annihilation? And what better way 
to think these things through, than to try them, on however distorted or 
miniscule a scale. -





Land ./mass


Coal, Adena, Hopewell mounds, http://www.alansondheim.org multi jpg series

today = 17, yesterday = 40, total = 85 today = 9, yesterday = 17, total = 
94 today = 5, yesterday = 9, total = 99 today = 10, yesterday = 9, total = 
118 today = 8, yesterday = 10, total = 126 today = 9, yesterday = 8, total 
= 135 today = 8, yesterday = 9, total = 143 today = 8, yesterday = 9, 
total = 143 today = 13, yesterday = 8, total = 156 today = 16, yesterday = 
13, total = 172 today = 7, yesterday = 16, total = 179 today = 8, 
yesterday = 7, total = 187 today = 12, yesterday = 8, total = 199 today = 
7, yesterday = 12, total = 206 today = 12, yesterday = 7, total = 218 
today = 7, yesterday = 12, total = 225 today = 7, yesterday = 7, total = 
232 today = 16, yesterday = 7, total = 248 today = 13, yesterday = 16, 
total = 261 today = 25, yesterday = 13, total = 286 today = 20, yesterday 
= 25, total = 306 today = 9, yesterday = 9, total = 337 today = 13, 
yesterday = 5, total = 355 today = 9, yesterday = 13, total = 364 today = 
17, yesterday = 9, total = 381 today = 7, yesterday = 17, total = 388

minutes today = 49, Yesterday = 28, Total = 118 minutes today = 5, 
Yesterday = 49, Total = 123 minutes today = 9, Yesterday = 5, Total = 133 
minutes today = 28, Yesterday = 6, Total = 167 minutes today = 10, 
Yesterday = 28, Total = 178 minutes today = 33, Yesterday = 10, Total = 
211 minutes today = 105, Yesterday = 33, Total = 317 minutes today = 105, 
Yesterday = 33, Total = 317 minutes today = 12, Yesterday = 105, Total = 
330 minutes today = 17, Yesterday = 12, Total = 347 minutes today = 18, 
Yesterday = 17, Total = 366 minutes today = 25, Yesterday = 18, Total = 
391 minutes today = 13, Yesterday = 25, Total = 404 minutes today = 7, 
Yesterday = 13, Total = 412 minutes today = 26, Yesterday = 7, Total = 439 
minutes today = 9, Yesterday = 26, Total = 448 minutes today = 2, 
Yesterday = 9, Total = 451 minutes today = 31, Yesterday = 2, Total = 482 
minutes today = 6, Yesterday = 31, Total = 489 minutes today = 98, 
Yesterday = 6, Total = 588 minutes today = 21, Yesterday = 98, Total = 610 
minutes today = 11, Yesterday = 14, Total = 670 minutes today = 88, 
Yesterday = 3, Total = 762 minutes today = 81, Yesterday = 88, Total = 843 
minutes today = 14, Yesterday = 81, Total = 858 minutes today = 19, 
Yesterday = 14, Total = 878





building out of control


where does the deleted letter go? so often we destroy unthinkingly; our 
very breath kills; what would kill us is repeatedly slaughtered until 
the very end; an unutterable sadness and silence accompanies catastrophe;

I miss Maud Liardon, working with her; her voice is in the merci.mp4; in
Second Life; her dance was there; it was close to invisible; it's gone.

the tragedy of the world is the concept of the weakest link at the heart
of the physical: everything collapses by virtue of _one tired thing._

this heart is tired; this heart is very tired; Nikuko knows how tired it
is; Julu knows as well; some day we will move out of Second Life; some-
day we will learn to breathe again.

and by then, breathless in Sl and RL and FL and whatever else a magician
throws at us, it will always already have been too late, something the
future anterior has give us, as gift, Gift, poison ======

building out of control. fabrication prims rotate at equivalent speed, 
vectors mapping [0,1] -> [a,b,c] fulfilling the usual set-theoretical 
positioning. to complete the requisite number of transformations, 
[-1,0,1] was used as well.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ merci series
http://www.alansondheim.org/merci1.mp4

- the latter again brings up bandwidth and compression issues, but you'll 
get the 'idea' if you haven't been to the site itself: 

try accessing the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22






Trails


I can see if someone has come into the exhibition space in Second Life; 
they leave a trail behind them, objects and spews that slowly disappear - 
in the meantime, the space is oddly denuded.

I want to explain why the space looks like an acid trip, why it's so 
crowded, so preposterous. And the reason has to do with anti-art, or 
non-art, making something that construes an environment instead of 
presenting an object or installation for contemplation. The objects in the 
SL exhibition have depth; they're not pieces or scatter pieces or process 
work - they're environment, an environmental space close to useless, 
replete, fecund. What appears to be actions are trajectories, complex 
interactive fields that mimic sentience.

Objects and spews head toward the depths; Julu is down there among them, 
moving in and out of the way, looking for the teleport sphere to return 
her to the surface. The teleport sphere is a phallic object, contained, 
curtailed; it is the only sculpture in the neighborhood.

http://www.alansondheim.org/inthepit.mp4

Think of the space, spacings, as an ensemble of interrelated ecological 
niches; there are local customs, nestings, vectors, behaviors and behavior 
collisions. The space is utterly transformed through participatory move-
ment that environmental resonates. 

It's only this way that complex and alien phenomenologies assert them- 
selves - there's no piece or artwork presenting one or another problema- 
tic, only a skein or membrane simultaneously tending towards thought and 
its absence.





Yamantaka


http://www.alansondheim.org/ yamantaka series - yam jpgs, yamantak.mp4

Compression's terrible. Emptiness lasts thirty seconds, up from twenty; 
I'm not sure how many meters define the zone of influence. The stills 
indicate the layout. This is a plateau of sorts. There's nothing beyond 
this, only another direction. In the full video, Julu touches the sphere, 
heads beneath the water. There she searches, finds another sphere, rises 
once again to the surface or ground floor of the exhibition. What's in the 
basement is debris from movement, i.e. debris tracking Julu's movement on 
the surface or beneath the surface. What's above is the absence of debris 
tracking Julu's movement on the surface or beneath the surface. There's no 
way to adequately compress the enormous detail involved in the exhibition. 
You can move or fly through the exhibition, experience emptiness, clarity, 
in untoward terms. You can forget the terms. You can do all sorts of 
things but you can do better than this.



Weather, whether


From above you might or might not have weather,  you might or might not
stay with the local environment as the Linden gods hand it down - always
benign, never too much wind, no rain or snow or sleet or hail, nothing
to set your mind anywhere but at ease. No air, textured clouds, mostly
cumulus I think, and I think two banks of them. Fog, yes, and a day 
might cycle through 7-8 hours, I never counted. But you can set eternal
time, you can set it at midnight, at dawn or dusk, at midday. You might
move the sun around, you might set fog heights or intensities, all in
eternal space where avatars live forever, but disappear, and who is to 
know whether any disappearance is sad and final and prims forever lost.
There's no fear but from the servers, as invisible as the furies, and
there are no shadows but from the sun and thin light from a moon that
seems full always, but who is to know this as well, or any thing within
a space that seems controlled and dire; you might float or fly, but 
your world is bounded, inescapable, even with small holes of video, 
live or otherwise, small holes of sound,  live or otherwise. Nothing is
going to come out and touch you, not now, and soon in the future, when
the hand reaches from the screen, who knows what force or thing or 
organism is driving it, who knows what intention lies behind it, what
danger lurks. We live in ignorance within and without, and that only
for that short time beyond which an utter inconceivable blankness 
reigns. You can control lights, but local lights rarely make shadows,
and even that, everything, depends on bandwidth and bandwidth settings,
on frames and frame-rates, on complexity of prims and texture sizes, on
the number of participants online at any moment - all sorts of things 
you might well study and examine, viewing the stats bars, coming on 
later and later at night as others disappear elsewhere, without a 
murmur and only the slightest increase of speed. You know you're riding
on the dead, on silent computers, on all those lives logged off now and
then or permanently, and who is to know, who is to know, who is to know.

ii. If this transmission is not dev/nul and void, it will reach you. If
it does not reach you, I write under a differend configured by the Net
and its political economy. If I protest on the occasion of fog, you 
will not hear me. If you are my enemy and have passed on, you may have
died, you may be elsewhere, you may be off the grid, you may be on 
another. If you are my enemy, your silence unnerves me; if you are my
friend, your presence is an unknown sign, just as absence can be of any
thing or any one, and zero may carry 0*X, insofar as X is finite, and
regular, normative, and then who knows?

In the fog of Second Life, preferences also govern distance - what can
or cannot be seen out there - what constitutes the Pale. Enter the 
Pale and familiarity twists and perhaps disappears; go far enough, and
you may be grieving for another home, griefing among aliens. Within
your space, however, you are comforted, surrounded by familiar objects,
you may have constructed these objects, they are history for you, they
refuse decay, they may escape out of world, but are always there as if
gleaming and presenced, and shininess is something else again that may
or may not be turned out, permitted, just as in the real world where
sun and shininess are everywhere presencing. But here it is not the
local light, at least not in my version; in my version my home is on
an island and there are hills and clouds, and what's beyond, Heere 
bee Dragonnes, is unknown, as I have been saying, and perhaps even
unaccountable and unaccounted-for. I inhabit a great and jagged sphere
and move comfortably, and in the distance there is that smoothness,
that fog that is always present, always there, day or night, that fog
against which all things comfortable and local are measured, my home
in the midst of the fog, my neighbors, my friends ...

http://www.alansondheim.org/ fog series, 8 small jpgs

To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22



Alone


Julu: I'm trying to tell you something, my gums
bleed, corrode, just like any others, in this stillness air,
in this absent air.
Nikuko: Wind blowing through you, around you, we
wait for those moments when sound will penetrate
bodies, resonate with dim and elder woods, 
make noise and even music, among us, to our delight.
Julu: In these dark woods, lights are pasted
across our sheave-skin bodies, blinding us;
through pure absence, nothing happens, codes are processed,
roil within the distant machines, at times no further
than the kindly things at home.
Nikuko: Speculating beyond your means, but yet my powers
have grown into astonishing beliefs. I can move things
I no longer can caress; the real flees from me, I am left 
distraught, along in spaces emptied of abstract surfaces. 
Julu: At a distance, we touch, and no longer no closer;
our loneliness lies in our uselessness for approach, caress,
and love. We meld into each other sometimes bridged across
these spaces, leaving trails and vestiges of garnered
presence - notes across chasms, worlds tuned across voids
where we, alien and aligned, despair of ever talking.
Nikuko: Yet born of one another, borne among each other,
our love continues to build, tune and emulate, and emulate
again, until nothing of original remains, only physics
born of inconceivable signs 'raised to an incandescent power.'
Julu: What is cleared, of space and time, is always replete;
what is replete is always alone; our things are never
in-themselves, but among-others; our monads slur their
boundaries helplessly, we are at the mercy of things and gods,
machines far beyond control.
Nikuko: Our love is always memory, that is our love.
Julu: Our flights, our poise, our wandering ways.
Nikuko: Prayerful life is useless, only our deaths entwined
will save us. -

http://www.alansondheim.org/ tuning jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/acidtantra.mp4



a mental railroad trip, mirage, yabyum


Hysteria. A functional neurosis with abnormal sensations, emotions, or 
paroxysms. H. major, hysteroepilepsy. H. minor, a mild form of the 
disease.

Hysteric. Pertaining to hysteria. H. Ataxia, a hysteric state marked 
by loss of sensation in the skin and in the leg muscles. H. Chorea,
a form of hysteria with choreiform movements.

Hystericoneuralgia. Like neuralgia but of hysteric origin.

Hysterics. A paroxysm of hysteria.

Hysteroepilepsy. Hysteria with epileptiform convulsions.

Hysterogenic. Causing hysteria.

Hysteroid. Resembling hysteria.

Hysteromania. Nymphomania.

Hysteropsychosis. Mental disorder with uterine disease.

Hysterotraumatism. Hysteric symptoms due to traumatism.

Railway Kidney. An affection of the kidney due to constant jar.
R. Spine. See Erichsen's Disease.

Erichsen's Disease. Railway spine; railway brain. A train of symptoms 
following accident, which may assume the form of traumatic hysteria, 
neurasthenia, hypochondriasis, or melancholia. 

Erotic. Pertaining to sexual passion.

Eroticism. Tendency to erotomania.

Erotomania. Insanity from sexual passion.

Erotopathy, Erotopathia. Perverted sexual instinct.

Perversion. The state of being turned away from the normal course. 
P., Sexual, a person abnormality of the sexual instinct.

Pervert. One who has turned from the right way. P., Sexual, a
person whose sexual instincts are perverted.

from Gould's Pocket Pronouncing Medical Dictionary, 1900 edition

http://www.alansondheim.org/ mirage jpgs

Sometimes the software/physics of Second Life produces anomalies, chimera; 
such is the case of the mirage, of one or another video stream, that 
appears with subdued intensity in the surrounding sea. The stream is often 
not that of the land parcel (which presents another) and equally often 
runs when no video is turned on at all. These ghostlike apparitions are 
avatars of avatars, emanations close to hypnagogic images, an imaginary, 
all those unnerving wraiths of the uncanny. Against the scintillation of 
the tantric sky, they come close to yabyum, closer still.


tantric space


To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22


You set your worl to You set your worl
 to ays or nights
 to 
ays or nights
ays or nights

 soun make waywar make waywar
 make waywar shows
 shows

 shows
Light an
eo grins the worls the worl
s the worls to halt
s to halt

s to halt
Vi
It's just a momentary banwiIt's just a momentary ban
with fault
wi
th fault
th fault

y spews an  
 rains
rains

rains
As if your bo
isappear like frightene her her
 hers
s

s
Prims 
Come forwar get your tantric Come forwar
 get your tantric ue
 get your tantric 
ue
ue

Cum forwar set your frantic Cum forwar
 set your frantic ew
 set your frantic 
ew
ew

Present for your harenePresent for your har
ene pleasure
ene
 pleasure
 pleasure

Leave all this empty worl behinLeave all this empty worl
 behin
 behin


 place an leave your min leave your min
 leave your min


Tantric eyes are everywhere
Avatar legions come and stare
Slowly spaces turn up cleared
It's what objects have always feared
Open holes often leered
leads cross other places
When you go leave your traces
Your sight is buried in sites
You set world to days or nights
Objects murmur with fearful glows
Light sound make wayward shows
Across the floors their numbers legion
Crossing another region
Video grinds worlds halt
just a momentary bandwidth fault
touch ball below
again return flow
As if body spews drains
Against boundaries where it rains
The smoke spells out uncanny words
Prims disappear like frightened herds
Come forward get tantric due
Cum frantic dew
What see hardly leisure
Present for hardened pleasure
Leave all this empty behind
time place mind
worl  ays soun waywar an
eo grins worls s Vi
banwiIt's ban
wi
th y bo
isappear frightene her hersforwar ueewharenePresent har
ene behinLeave behinmin 


Tantric eyes are everywhere
Avatar legions come and stare
Slowly spaces turn up cleared
It's what objects have always feared
Open holes are often leered
Open leads cross other places
When you go you leave your traces
Your sight is buried in other sites
You set your world to days or nights
Objects murmur with fearful glows
Light and sound make wayward shows
Across the floors their numbers legion
Crossing to another region
Video grinds the worlds to halt
It's just a momentary bandwidth fault
You touch your ball and go below
You touch again return and flow
As if your body spews and drains
Against the boundaries where it rains
The smoke spells out uncanny words
Prims disappear like frightened herds
Come forward get your tantric due
Cum forward set your frantic dew
What you see is hardly leisure
Present for your hardened pleasure
Leave all this empty world behind
Leave time and place and leave your mind


How to move through the exhibition space at Odyssey fun


This presumes you have downloaded the software, which installs itself 
automatically; after that, use the URL below and then read on.

If you go to http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 to view the 
Odyssey exhibition, try tuning the interface; it works best if you set the 
time at midnight through the Environment Settings in the World directory 
of the menu. If you use the environmental editor, you can set the 
atmosphere/image at Pirate and increase the mist. If you use ctl-alt-t, 
you can see invisible objects (perhaps). If you begin the video, and it 
ends as you move through the space, start it again; there is different 
video in different parts of the space, and the same goes for the audio - 
except for the 12 small invisible audio cubes. If it's running slow, open 
the menu, go to Edit/Preferences/Graphics and lower the Quality and 
Performance. You may also check Custom, then check Atmospheric Shaders. 
When you enter the space, try flying through objects; they will move 
out of the way for the most part, for between 10 and 30 seconds. Fly and 
turn around and you'll see you've cleared a space. If you see a sphere, 
you may touch it with a left-hand mouse click; a sphere above takes you 
below, and vice versa. The spheres don't move out of the way. If you walk 
through the space, try going between the stairs into the water below, or 
fall through the well, or go over the wall bounding the island. You may 
not be able to take your avatar there; click on View and then on Camera 
Controls; you'll see a small panel open. The controls on the right slide 
your viewpoint left or right, up or down; the middle slides it in or out, 
and the left turns it about various axes. You can use this to look beneath 
the surface of the water where the avatar won't go, or to slide into the 
space in order to see the objects without having them disappear in the 
presence of the avatar. You can zoom in on the objects or enter into the 
particle streams and watch them fill the screen with objects and color. 
You can go through the floorboards with the Camera Control and see the 
objects that have disappeared from the surface. If you go to the right of 
the building wall, you'll notice dark figures disappearing on occasion 
into the distance - these are avatar emanations from the objects and 
appear every once in the while, perhaps 10 to 20 seconds themselves. You 
may sit on some of the objects by right-clicking the mouse button on them, 
then clicking on Sit Here - sometimes it's possible, and sometimes not. 
You may be able to sit on a moving object which gives you a local ride. If 
you type 'm' or use the menu, you may active the Mouselook function which 
allows you to see the world 'through' the avatar's eyes, and this is fine 
for a ride or exploration. You don't have access to Camera Control in 
Mouselook. With some moving objects, you may be able to go beneath them 
when they rise; they might push you down through the floor to the water 
below, where you will use the sphere to return. You may also be cast into 
the air or find yourself tripping or you may find yourself pushed out of 
the way. If other people, avatars, are in the space, you may talk and chat 
with them; if you rise above the space, you can watch them as objects 
disappear in their vicinity, and space is cleared for them and for your 
view from above. You may want to look for a moment at the site at dawn or 
dusk, which adds lovely reds or pinks, and you can activate these through 
the Environment editor as well; midday is the least interesting. If you 
want to take a digital image or photograph of the scene, you can use the 
Snapshot function at the bottom of the screen, or Take Snapshot, 
ctl-shift-s, under the File menu; the advantage of the latter is that you 
can tune the direction your avatar is looking by moving the panel around 
on the screen before taking the shot. You may use ctl-r to run through the 
space, which takes objects out faster. You may find it difficult to enter 
or leave the space - there are invisible barriers built into the gamespace 
itself, and it is easiest to enter to the right of the announcement sign; 
if you have difficulty navigating you can always fly into the space and 
then walk around or continue flying. If you have the talk function enabled 
on the lower right of your screen, and a microphone, you can talk to other 
avatars or make noise, and if you have speakers you can of course listen 
to other avatars talking as well. Chances are you will be alone or with 
one or two people at a time in the environment, but this allows you to 
explore the objects fully without having them disappear as the result of 
other avatars' movements. Below are some images from the current state of 
the installation, which is at a kind of 'plateau,' and won't change for 
the next few days.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ filled jpegs



MORRO

http://www.alansondheim.org/ morro series

Language:
First name 	Last name 	Password 	 
			
Start Location: Enable sound:
Grid:
Background - island in the sunset
L$0
Odyssey (36, 2, 23) - Odyssey_ExhibitA_Gallery_zone1
 	Chat	 
 	Contacts	 
 	Map	 
 	Search	 
 	Nearby Avatars	 
 	Inventory	 
 	Stats	 
 	Music	 
 	Media	 
 	Log out	 
Instant Messages
 
Local chat
[23:24] You: testing one two three
[23:25] You: testing three four five
[23:27] You: MORRO, Edward R: The extraordinary interview with the built 
environment.
[23:27] You: http://www.alansondheim.org/ morro series
[23:28] You: You say, in black and white? A little easier on the 
compression. But I do recommend in particular the other, perhaps MORRO1 or 
some such?
[23:28] You: JULU: the teetering world.
[23:29] You: NIKUKO: tottering
[23:29] You: I most strongly advise the mapping of this environment.
[23:29] You: You: JULU: Mapping is always an advisory.
[23:30] You: Time struggles in exhaustion. Humidity is 45%.
[23:31] You: In which the walls have a life live performance of their own.
[23:32] You: NIKUKO: There's no need for YOU here. Only the witness. 
Solzhenitsyn died today. I loved him until the Slavophilia. Then from 
Tolstoi to Dostoevsky not such a big leap. Or perhaps D. from the very 
beginning.
[23:33] You: JULU: There's no Gulag here. Or if there were, it might now 
be America.
[23:35] You: NIKUKO: That's nonsense. Don't bring nonsense into this.
[23:35] You: JULU: It wasn't me. It wasn't me.
[23:36] You: You: Change the subject, quickly...
[23:36] You shout: THE TEETERING WORLD! THE TEETERING WORLD!
[23:36] You whisper: ... they leave, they left, they are leaving ...
 	Say	 
 	Whisper	 
 	Shout	 
 
Search
People
 
Nearby Avatars
 
Contacts
Online	Offline	Groups

Stats
Region
FPS	45
Time Dilation	1
Script IPS	15970
Objects	9549
Active Scripts	1820
Agents	3
Child Agents	0
AjaxLife Server
Sessions	8
 
Region:

Position:
 	Teleport	 
 	Focus on you	 
 	Clear	 
 	Focus on target	 
 	Go Home	 
 

more of the different

http://www.alansondheim.org  bj mp3s

tenor banjo & only because I can. running out of time here in West Virg- 
inia, where the house we're renting guarantees a bit of quiet; otherwise I 
wouldn't be able to think through the music, the music wd not be thinkable 
if unrecorded in the presence of noise, elsewhere and in this case would 
be obtrusive, resonance requiring a place or presence of development, an 
expansion as in a dream where you might find yourself confined and then 
elsewhere, out of doors, plein air, the fecundity of the world narrowed, 
harrowed, back to that very confinement in the denial of it.

she thought otherwise, he thought the other wise; the pun led to plot. 
what was it but four strings harboring sound, resonance creeping around 
the room and its corners. what was it, she said, what was that noise.



Weight


http://www.alansondheim.org/ cu series

anomalies of recognition between weighted object and Julu Twine
s/he buries hir head in the sand
s/he recovers and that complicates matters of representation

http://www.alansondheim.org/incident.mp4

the weighted object has pushed Julu Twine down into the sand
she is standing in and out of the sand and the ground deconstructs
by which Julu means that the ground is opened and oddly angled
and that the ground is not at gamespace's edge

Second Life as a lab - continues to be a lab. how long before this 
set of constraints, images, geographies, bandwidths and game engine, 
becomes stale, bulky, close to collapse. I will close my eyes, says 
Julu, and the same things reign near & far, surely there is more to 
life than this, signifiers of defuge handed down by their creator 
Linden Labs and whatever whomever the associates. I will close my 
eyes and will hear nothing more. Nikuko says, I hear nothing more. 
chorus, that our space is tawdry in eptitude and plenitude, close to 
the starved prim, all sheave-skins are alike, equivalent. chorus, it 
takes few rules to deceive the eye and its rule, few rules for sight 
and sound. Julu, I will continue to dwell, this defuge itself is 
sufficient, this disgust, this paste. for if it were not for this, 
what might emerge is (would be within) the range and reign of the 
digital, now here is something different, this paste, exhaustion, 
limitation. chorus, the rings no long sound their particle home. 
Nikuko, the rings have absented, where are they, what fecundity has 
driven them away, elsewhere. Julu, not elsewhere but absent-in- 
depth, that is to say a mode not working stillborn, that is to say 
the scripting has returned to dead language, that is to say nothing 
to perform here in these parts. chorus, that is to say already 
performed or sounded, sighted, rendered useless by a constant. Julu, 
the constant of the game. Nikuko, the constant of Linden Labs, 
nothing that is arbitrary or sloughed off. Julu, nothing skimmed or 
spewed. Nikuko, nothing that derides-derails the protocol. Julu, 
code-coding performance. chorus, who knows what we will do. Nikuko, 
in response. Julu, in response. chorus, but within, not without. 
chorus but within the sloughed, circumscribed the slough. Nikuko, 
but in response. Julu, but in response.

>  To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
>  http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22


insane, connected


[21:08]  Connected
[21:08]  You: oh now you tell me twenty-one o-eight
[21:08]  You: and still that, there's no room left here, you can feel me 
  typing, you
[21:09]  You: can hear me, does this ever change, a minute is minute just 
  as a second
[21:09]  You: comes second or last, o-nine, it's given all of us room to 
  breathe, there's reason
[21:09]  You: to stress insane, some other neon sign
[21:10]  You: finally the rings have made it back into arena. Julu 
  shudders, stops if she could (if I tell
[21:11]  You: her to) o-ten, time's narrow wasp-like waist. Julu shudders, 
  one after another, ghosts leave
[21:11]  You: eleven or one-one, you have a choice here, it's take yet 
  another minute, and a second
[21:11]  You: longer. This magic bounces me back and forth, I touch your 
  ball full
[21:12]  You: of penises rotating, who knows what salve or cream flows 
  from every surface. I, Julu, am covered
[21:12]  You: with it, twelve, or one-two, you must watch
[21:12]  You: what you're doing, thirteen, one-three.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ insane jpg series

Please access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist at
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22


My not inconsiderable sins in Second Life


I have overburdened the servers with far too many video and image 
textures.
I have added too many prim scripts to too many objects.
I have required far to complex screen redrawings time and time again.
I have taken apart the building where the exhibition is held.
I have revolved the panels of the building eternally and they may jump 
as well from place to place.
I have dissolved the boundaries of the building and opened it to every
aspect of the environment.
I have sent particles onto foreign soil or the soil of other parcels.
I have created problematic images to texture both prims and particles.
I have clotted the environment with particles and immoderate prims.
I have created circulations among particles and prims that threaten to
subvert the intentions of other artists or cultural workers anywhere in
the vicinity.
I have made it difficult to enter or leave the exhibition.
I have made it quite possible to trap the viewer beneath the floor of
the exhibition until a gateway sphere is round.
I have coated gateway spheres and other objects from time to time with
obscene or sexual imagery.
I have created a false sense of tantric enlightenment by the comple- 
tion and generation stages of gods unknown to me.
I have betrayed the trust of those who fly and those who walk or run
into the complex of the exhibition space.
I have made the organized disorganized and the countable uncountable 
and unaccounted-for.
I have created a sense of disequilibrium and non-equilibrium thermo- 
dynamics in a space known for the excellence of its organization and 
propriety of its codes and protocols.
I have brought a sense of miasma and sleaziness into the perfection of
parameter and prim.
I have opened the exhibition space to the effects and influences of
places and spaces outside the structure proper and opened places and
spaces outside the structure to the effects and influences of the
exhibition space.
I have blurred the distinction between internal and external.
I have created an environment close to that considered griefing along
with grieving and griefing avatars that seem self-contained and
somewhat intimidating to those unfamiliar with the operations and 
customs of Second Life.
I have placed far too much information in far too small a space and 
time making it impossible to grasp or digest the subtleties of the
exhibition which most likely will be overlooked.
I have taxed administrators and programmers alike in the daily reorg- 
anization and reconfiguration of the space.
I have returned objects and avatars to other spaces.
I have sent objects out of world and some of them have never been
returned.
I have created and reveled in a mess where others might want at least
a modicum of order in order to comprehend the mass aesthetics that
seems to constitute a very problematic work.
I have overlaid the whole with far too much theory.
I have thought too much and have left little space for spontaneous
creation with the exception of the tunings and retunings that constan- 
tly occur.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ vid jpg series


Something of the women but for shorter


http://www.alansondheim.org/ revert jpg series
http://www.alansondheim.org/revert.mp4

Still, something new. This was to revert the building. Instead movement 
toned down. Here transpires something -

[19:09]  Julu Twine: Here's something very strange. I was able to change
the women/avatars shooting out, placing them at a shorter distance.
[19:09]  i have littel time also
[19:09]  Julu Twine: Unless it's within art.
[19:09]  lol!
[19:10]  yes
[19:10]  everything in context
[19:10]  Julu Twine: But what's strange - after I eliminated the scripts,
the women remained! I had my assistant Gary - software engineer grad
student - he couldn't figure it out!
[19:10]  ok, don't swaqet it
[19:10]  sweat
[19:10]  Julu Twine: So instead of taking out the women, we put them on
just about everything with a short span!
[19:10]  we'll figure it out
[19:11]  Julu Twine: I'm not - I'm just fascinated by these software
glitches. I tried everything, emptying cache, using other parts of the
area, etc. Nothing changed!

So it did and didn't revert. But it hiccuped periodically and rotated 
somewhat simultaneously or at least equivalently. And the women appear 
although not for very long.



Ideal Unaccountable Space


http://www.alansondheim.org/ skysphere jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/skysphere1.mp4

IDEAL: Black anomalous SPACE. The light SOURCE is EITHER interior GLOW, 
defined by the OBJECTS THEMSELVES, or external ATMOSPHERIC LIGHT from SUN 
or MOON. Or NONE OF THESE. The SPACE is SELF-DEFINING, apparently BOUND- 
LESS, within which INORDINATE OBJECTS define themselves. GRAVITY has been 
SET to CONTROL two WITHIN such; these are CONTRARY to the MEANS and WAYS 
of LITTORAL REVOLUTION. 

This isn't anything that could be done outside of Second Life, and giving 
an experience otherwise than being.

- for Frank Lloyd Wright 



Hi Sugar, an open letter which is also a text or poetics -


This is the fallingsky series, which occurs in the skysphere; it needs the 
base exhibition space to make any sense, I think. There are several 
elements in it, including physical objects which collide and may in fact 
go out of world, leave the lifespace altogether. That's fine with me; it's 
always possible to replenish them. There are other objects that rotate, 
and objects that both rotate and shuttle; these are a form of creative 
impulse. At small volume, shuttle turns to shudder, frisson, as if there 
were an organism within that adjusts itself homeostatically every decade 
of seconds or so. The organisms - those with weight, those which rotate, 
those which shuttle, interpenetrate and interact with one another; nothing 
is produced but the semblance of community, which for all intents and 
purposes _is_ community. Another element is a small rotating lozenge which 
generates the usual rings; these are small textures sufficiently light to 
run on most machines with everything else going. Here, the element clearly 
shuttles in a rectangular pattern which is reproduced as a lineage; this 
is evident in the shuttled rectangles strung out along the ring-beads 
which of course are particles in constant but relatively even movement. 
All of these objects and spews, and murmurs of movement, deconstruct the 
machine, any such, reconstructing organism out of the remnants, or at 
least the dream or miasma of organism. It fascinates me that the show here 
in the skysphere has to be constantly tended, to keep the objects within.

The sexuality of these objects is one of apparent infinite or wrapped 
pattern - a sexuality which transverses fields which are self-defining; in 
other words the transversing is both field and transversal, transgression 
and ingression. Thus the textures, mouths, lozenges, against an infinite 
blackness that wraps upon itself with the thinnest of shells.

Here, within the skysphere, I find I can work with almost total freedom, 
without restraint from gravity - unless desired - and other artifacts 
coding and reminiscent of the real/physical world both within virtual and 
physical space, what I call the true real. So just as my stay at West 
Virginia is coming to an end, so the space has become the most fully 
developed I'm capable of at the moment. Since I have, I think, several 
months of residency left (three?), I can use this arena or space as a 
crucible for viewing and re/viewing phenomenological issues of objects and 
their potential inconceivability. Don't forget that even ordinary objects 
won't last very long in the grand scheme of things - a scheme in which 
plasma, not hardened material substances - is the dis/order of the day. 
For me, _every_ object is inconceivable, both intrinsically and 
extrinsically, and this crucible, skysphere, gives me the opportunity to 
explore these issues - particularly as the entrance to the sphere should 
be through the already existing Odyssey exhibition space proper. Just as 
there are teleport spheres sending one down into the water and/or out 
again, so there should be teleport spheres sending one up as if 
indefinitely into the skysphere. The semiotics of the skysphere are set 
out in the exhibition, which can be read as a moving and perhaps virulent 
book; this coding basis, appearing as a self-generating field of part- 
objects, then infuses the demateriality of the skysphere. The skysphere 
itself is non-text, and its contents non-textual; there are residues and 
residences of the uncanny and abject present, as well as negation, 
homeostasis, and intermittency.

(Beginning of problematic claim.) All of this above isn't about Second 
Life itself, although manifestations like the skysphere would be different 
elsewhere. It's also not about Linden Labs, current server costs, 
bandwidth issues, game computers and the like; these will change and the 
political economy of the Net will continue to transform (if not disappear 
altogether). Right or wrong, I think of this work as concerned with the 
phenomenology of the virtual, and the inhering of the virtual in the 
physical world. This inhering has existed since dreams, gestures, 
languagings, tools, customs, have existed - in other words, since culture 
has existed, and one can easily make a case that culture has existed all 
the way down; even amoeba demonstrate learning and adaptation. The 
phenomenology of the virtual is about our very being, our inhabiting, of 
ourselves, others, worlds, signs, totalities and their ruptures. It's 
interesting to think of _this_ virtual world at this time as a practical 
laboratory for philosophical work, but I claim that it is, and that this 
and other spaces create unique opportunities for participant-observation 
in epistemological, ontological, and other issues, often considered 
off-limits to concrete experimental investigaton. (End of problematic 
claim.)

Please let me know how to activate a teleport sphere to these regions; is 
a flight bracelet required or desired? And let's do an announcement to 
open it up to a public, if possible. In the meantime, there's always the 
fallingsky jpg series, as well as a very short video segment indicating 
blackness and blurred potential.

http://www.alansondheim.org/fallingsky.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ fallingsky jpg series




Inside the Sphere, description and theory


Several molecular engines within the aegis of the sphere; out of world 
anomalous behavior seems to have slowed. I'm running Second Life on my 
Asus eeepc 701; contrary to what I've read, the installation went in 
flawlessly and SL runs reasonably well in the Debian Etch environment. I 
made a few minor changes, placing the cache on an external flash card for 
example; the SL client wouldn't run from the card, but the cache is fine. 
To make up for the 512 meg memory, I increased the cache to 600 meg and 
turned media off. Everything runs, albeit slowly; the image is clear 
enough to allow some house-cleaning on the road.

Inside the sphere, since it's self-contained - an 'environment' seems to 
form, one that appears self-bounded. In other words, there is always 
inscription; if it's not inherent in a given virtual world, it's going to 
be created as soon as one begins to configure anything. An object carries
structure; even anomalous or ghostly spews or objects create an uncanny 
domain (appear to tap an uncanny domain). 

In other words, inside the sphere, you don't see the sphere, flat black 
against nothing. So the objects are there, but you don't necessarily think 
they're _somewhere._ Where they are is circumscribed by their presence. 
They seem to be a closed manifold. There doesn't seem to be anything 
beyond them. The manifold seems differentiable. The ring streams, though, 
seem to go somewhere; they're vectors, directed line segments; they seem 
cut off; they disappear; perhaps there's something to that disappearance, 
after all. One moves around and among objects and rings and whatever one 
might consider particles and objects, but it's difficult to move around 
here without breaking the fragility of the illusion, what might be 
considered a second-order illusion. 

What's presenced within the sphere, a simulacrum of an organism, simultan- 
eously passive and generating; the repetition of a rectangle defined only 
as a process (again, a second-order process within the processes/protocols 
of Second Life itself), moving and disappearing, clearly the result of an 
other movement drawing and drawn in three- dimensional space; a signal or 
memory of a signal: A memory of a signal is a signal; a signal is always 
memory. How clear that is in the sphere! How clearly understood!

And such is the meaning-memory of organism and the murmuring of organism, 
even in a digital-granular domain such as this one.

http://www.alansondheim.org sleee, esl, essl series (most recent jpgs)

To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22

Teleport from the cone to the skysphere.


anomalies in skysphere/groundspace transportation


so many anomalies with relative, not absolute, coordinates, Nikuko 
disappearing in an impossible ocean, Julu walking slowly and dream-
like (unknown causes), the great throbbing skysphere with numerous
teleport possibilities: who knows where one ends up?

http://www.alansondheim.org/ skyteleport jpg series
http://www.alansondheim.org/ teleport jpg series

http://www.alansondheim.org/ocean.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/oceans2.mp4


To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22

(short vacation coming up, we're returning to NY, but please do check
out the Odyssey exhibition, both above (skysphere), within (groundspace), 
and below (waterworld), teleports among them all.)



of death and dealing


preparatory moves, logging in through the cache. this is the background of 
gamespace memory; in 3 and 1 for example you can see the fundamental prims 
on the way to full load. the full grey is on the way to skysphere. resolu- 
tion is lower but higher than you might imagine; one can sacrifice speed 
and framerate for resolution.

this is the reverse processing of worlds after death, as full a represent-
ation as one might want of bardo, which is unrepresentable. one emerges 
out of nothing, returns to it through a world always already emptied and 
empty.

http://www.alansondheim.org/Snapshot_001.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Snapshot_002.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Snapshot_003.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Snapshot_004.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Snapshot_005.jpg

http://www.alansondheim.org/ falter jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/ twirl jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/twirl.mp4 overview

more anomalies of vision and internal cycles


To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22


there are no dealings with death


death


there are no dealings with death
death doesn't deal with you
you don't see the hands of death
death doesn't show its cards

death shows its cards to the living
sometimes they weep and wail
the casket doesn't exist
ashes and body don't exist

death's cards are never stacked
there is no stacking the cards
there are no cards of death
there's no dealing with the living

there's no understanding the living
they walk around and talk
they stutter stumble shudder
the other stops them

the other is their body
the other is their death's body
death doesn't exist
the other doesn't either



julu murmured hello
julu, no, she 
nikuko muttered i couldn't care less
but not murmured. something else, closer to muttering, friendlier.
not whispering, nothing like that.
but not i couldn't care less. something else, closer to disdain,
but not quite. a return that veered into the unknown. but polite,
polite conversation, not exactly a rejoinder. nikuko muttering,
i thought so, or i thought you knew. an implication, knowing:
more than that, more than you'd let on. but not that exactly.
julu, murmuring - hello.
nikuko, muttering - it could only get worse.
or it will only get worse. but what, a morning, afternoon, or
evening. or somewhere else, perhaps it will turn elsewhere,
against the odds. as if julu garbled. perhaps these two fine
people. but it falls off, these weren't the volleys or returns.
these weren't anything at all. 'all memories are memories of
annihilation.' that's it, for what could be remember if there
were no end to it, packaging, however brief and quickening. 
nikuko, muttering: there's an end to an end, call it memory.
julu, murmuring: i remember now, hello again.


To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22



exile


i can't believe where it's gotten me again. this exile, this denudation, 
this exhaustion which seeps through me like the Caucasus. burned, i would 
do no less than refuse the laws of gravity, gravitas, hopeful instead that 
one might finally fly elsewhere, elsewhen.
whatever the case was, it wasn't mine. there was an explosive within, 
expulsion of air, breath gone awry. this was remonstrance
 imminent: nothing 
lasts where the only sense of origin is rooted in the body, your body, 
inherent in it, inhering. place it in the mouth or eyes, place it in the 
cunt. you can't leave without magic, there are no signposts, nothing, 
nowhere to go. not when you're a planet yourself, among self and selves.
honor the dead is no honor at all, you are in the breathless realm, beings 
depend on you. 

you have to follow the realm of the dead, travel beneath the surface, 
hurtle into the skysphere, which more often than not may reject you, try 
and again until you're there. what is flat back recreates your Origin 
within you; fecundity has no presence. see how poor these video remnants 
are; travel yourself with yourself, your Origin, and see exactly that, 
process and operators, self-generations, completions and then some

http://www.alansondheim.org/exile.mp4
To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22


startcone response Newyrok


http://www.alansondheim.org/startcone.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ startcone jpgs

Script started on Sat Aug 16 10:52:06 2008
$ ytalk sondheim@panix.com
[1;19r
[?7h
[H----------------------------= YTalk version 3.3.0 =-------------------
[2;1H
[Ringing sondheim...]
[20C#######################################
[39D#
[13CYtalk Error
[13C#
[39D#
[37C#
[39D#  sondheim@panix.com not logged in   #
[39D#######################################
[19D
[Waiting for connection...]
[17B
[19;1H
[?1l
>$ s anyw
/usr/local/bin/ksh: s: not found
$ ytalk sondheim@panix.com
[1;19r
[?7h
[H----------------------------= YTalk version 3.3.0 =-------------------
[2;1H
[Ringing sondheim...]
[20C#######################################
[39D#
[13CYtalk Error
[13C#
[39D#
[37C#
[39D#  sondheim@panix.com not logged in   #
[39D#######################################
[19D
[Waiting for connection...]
[17B
[19;1H
[?1l
>$ s me there
/usr/local/bin/ksh: s: not found
$ ytalk sondheim@panix.com
[1;19r
[?7h
[H----------------------------= YTalk version 3.3.0 =-------------------
[2;1H
[Ringing sondheim...]
[Waiting for connection...]
it disappears quickly, these things; there are no end to them
they move fast in the landscape, you hardly aget a ve view
sometimes there
[9C###############################
[31D# Rering sondheim@panix.com?  #
[31D###############################
[15C's a notion of a view, sometimes nothing at all, it's bulbous
it's buylbous connects Ossetia with the present
i dream of sk
[11C###############################
[31D# Rering sondheim@panix.com?  #
[31D###############################
[13Cin
i dream of skin charred off in Warsaw
in Newyrok
in somewhere no response
no response 
[19;1H
[?1l
>$ exit
Script done on Sat Aug 16 10:54:23 2008


+++




sexed


http://www.alansondheim.org/sexed1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sexed2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sexed3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sexed4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sexed5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sexed6.jpg

http://www.alansondheim.org/sexed.mp4

amorous, 
carnal, amorous,
erogenic, carnal,
erogenous, 
erogenic,
erotic, erogenous,
erotogenic, erotic,
fleshly, erotogenic,
gamic, 
heterosexual, gamic,
libidinal, heterosexual,
nuptial, heterosexual,
oversexed, 
potent, nuptial,
procreative, oversexed,
sensual, 
potent,

sex, sex,
sexlike, sexlike,
sexual, sexual,
sexy, sexy,
straight, 
undersexed, straight,
venereal, undersexed,
voluptuous 
venereal,
amative, voluptuous

amatory, amative,
aphrodisiac, amative,
ardent, 
amatory,
desirous, 
enamored, desirous,
impassioned, 
enamored,
infatuated, 
lascivious, 
loverlike, lascivious,
loverly, 
loverlike,
lustful, libidinal,
passionate, lustful,
sexed, oversexed,
cyrenaic, 
sexed,

abandoned, 
alluring, cyrenaic,
appealing, abandoned,
appetitive, 
amorous,
attractive, appetitive,
beautiful, bent
bent bent
on on
pleasure, 
appealing,
bewitching, bewitching,
built, built,
busty, busty,
buxom, 
buxom,

captivating, buxom,
charming, beautiful,
curvaceous, charming,
delicious, 
delightful, delicious,
desirable, delightful,
dissipated, 
dissolute, 
enchanting, dissipated,
engaging, enchanting,
enravishing, 
enthralling, enravishing,
enticing, enthralling,
entrancing, 
engaging,
epicurean, 
excessive, epicurean,
exquisite, entrancing,
eye-filling, 

fascinating, eye-filling,
fetching, fascinating,
gorgeous, 
heart-robbing, 
hedonistic, gorgeous,
indulgent, hedonistic,
intriguing, 
inviting, intriguing,
irresistible, heterosexual,
lovely, 
irresistible,
luscious, libidinal,
lush, lovely,
luxurious, luscious,
luxury-loving, 

pleasure-bent, 
pleasure-loving, luxury-loving,
pleasure-seeking, 
prepossessing, 
ravishing, pleasure-seeking,
seductive, ravishing,
self-indulgent, 
sensuous, self-indulgent,
shapely, sensuous,
sybaritic, 
sybaritical, sybaritic,
taking, sybaritical,
tantalizing, 
tempting, taking,
thrilling, tempting,
titillative, thrilling,

unchaste, 
tempting,
voluptuary, 

wanton, thrilling,

well-built, voluptuary,

well-proportioned, 

well-built,

well-stacked, 

winning, well-stacked,

winsome, 
winning,
witching
witching
witching




Jumble


http://www.alansondheim.org/jumble.mp4

http://www.alansondheim.org/jumble1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/dreamworld.jpg

After this I needed air.

http://www.alansondheim.org/grafton16.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/grafton17.jpg

The jumble begins to take advantage of screen resolution and frame/flicker 
rate; objects revolve and generate lissajous/moire/illusory patterns as a 
result of hatchings and cross-hatchings, read/write speed, cache speed, 
and a host of other variables.Jumble changes from machine to machine, 
resolution to resolution, and shading operators. Moving through the space, 
turning video/sound on and off - the phenomenology changes in relation to 
the dialectic established when an abacus was first used, at lightning 
speed, bullae scattered everywhere. Every marker is always already virtu- 
al, every marker is on the way towards disappearance, every annihilation
has the potential for memory, perhaps later, inscription. The jumble here 
resolves, as every jumble does, on a micro-level; it is the non-aristotel- 
ian that throws everything off, gesture which trips up where raster and 
orthogonal configurations lie.

Jumble in physical reality = noisy, not chaotic. Jumble in Second Life = 
equivalent to the order of perfection = the perfection of order. 

