
Pan

Sometimes I just let these things run, as if they'd run forever; I then 
become a visitor and can appear, contrary to all desires, before my Work, 
as if it were that of Creation Herself.

http://www.alansondheim.org/pan.mp4

"All motion is produced by visible or invisible power: by some cause 
which we perceive, or by some which is not the object of sense.

"With all motions of the latter kind, we connect the idea of voluntary 
power; and such motions are in fact expressive to us of the exertion of 
power. Whether this association is the consequence of experience, or 
whether it is the effect of an original principle, it is not at present 
material to inquire. The instance of children, and even of animals, who 
uniformly infer life, where they perceive motion without any material 
cause, are sufficient evidence of the fact."

Archibald Alison, Essays on the Nature and Principles of Taste, Boston, 
1812, from the Edinburgh edition of 1811, p. 310.


Orygyn

http://www.alansondheim.org/origin.mov

	"From the facts I have mentioned, we may conclude:
	"1st, That the beauty and sublimity of motion, arises from the 
associations we connect either with the motion itself, or with the bodies 
moved. And,
	"2dly, That this sublimity or beauty, in any particular case, will 
be most perfect, when the expression of the motion, and that of the body 
moved, coincide."

Alison, op.cit., p. 315.

having dreams of coincidence, hir to godde in my sicknesse, origin, 
origyn, orygyn


Nikuko

Nikuko Meat-Girl into the language of avatars, transliterate lovemaking As 
avatartist, we are our avatar Jennifer-Julu-Nikuko-Travis-Alan and Nikuko: 
"our is implicate orderings, twisted among themselves, avatar, as if 
Jennifer-Julu-Nikuko-Travis-Alan, as-if but not as-if, Julu I'm Nikuko. 
wires GATHER FILTER. Hello how? been very busy, reading about part. unsure 
what will happen Second Life, imagine Phd. begin work on ideas 's/ms' 
develop Nikuko, who Alan Dojoji, Nikuko; s/he's (generally s/he, hir, 
etc.) bounded Twine; hir body same Nikuko's, Name: Daishin (nikuko) 
us:into:the:holocaust::What:are:constant:deaths::What:are:Nikuko, Amerika. 
texts include entire Parable series (Nikuko Hear Wind-God's Roar, you? 
shape, sloped Nikuko's incandescent form. continued, transforming true 
nikuko meat$ "nikuko flesh-girl war big-eyesdead-girl. My Mythology, 
...They meat-girls, Nikukos swelling split germs _ wrote this, I, _inml 
27k Mizu, water; meat-girl;smarter Nikuko-biting, Im Nikuko@oita.com 
mindlezz <Nikuko> know deeds, lover! #<#Nikuko#># hesitatingly points 
burning bodies damned merge drown submerge flesh-meat-girl, (from Nikuko) 
Nikuko!"totally delusional, declares, NO ONE IS HERE IDIOT! "Nikuko, heard 
that!" Jennifer> Nikuko> matter grace he could make will, us someone girl 
death, we'd else, Jennifer1 Jennifer2, Nikuko1 Nikuko2 
Nikuko@labia.sex.lung Work Authority IRC Channel #Nikuko NikukoJen 
Konninger, off Newold separated Kamikuko, you'd sin famous Russian 
ballerina near wooden chair where Doc- Nikuko... ? dangles Mouth Jennifer! 
.e kisses Inside! Goodbye! .echo Nikuko! existence, no, regard look, gaze 
wait, Bodhisattvas seem distant, terms compassion spirituality. course, 
otherwise: still written fallen trap broken

"said////Nikuko,"////they've////got////to////be////around////here 
tallying////of////numbers,////"said////Nikuko////after////a//// jewels 

marrow, finally, bones, blue-jeweled nubbed Nikuko-space, space, n 
lc:Decoupled lc:Nikuko's plays. Sound avatar-Nikuko, Nikuko-avatar; s/he 
speaks asserts lick doubt adds, look. /not negative gravity, /you repeat, 
/Nikuko install map brain, used airless, D. show real face 
All-Blind-Nikuko! own. pain fury retribution.:Nikuko Palm read. If go 
wounding Les Yeux.:Nikuko angst reveal. tape uses characters (Daishin 
particular: "demiurge" worked graphics, too, Nikuko- Alan- Konninger- 
stony veins. know, story, promising anger Nikukos-coalescing trunks 
disguise, Nikukos-One all. He's _it,_ goaded _waki,_ 
Nikuko-who-does-not-wear-a-mask. Wa! hermit Noh." No-Noh-Nikuko. sews 
Nikuko's? cave thus possession. Buffalo Daughter wombs equally divided. 
When Nikuko-who-does-not-wear- Nikuko!!!!!

nikuko:*:13788:22:Nikuko:/home/n/nikuko:/bin/ksh daemon:*:1:1:Nikuko1 
System Daemon:/:nologin, comeon! sys:*:2:2:Nikuko1 Operating 
System:/tmp:nologin, bin:*:3:7:Nikuko1 BSDI Software:/usr/bsdi:nologin, 
operator:*:5:5:Nikuko1 Operator:/usr/opr:nologin, games:*:7:13:Nikuko1 
Games Pseudo-user:/usr/games:nologin, news:*:9:8:Nikuko1 USENET 
News:/var/news/etc:nologin, demo:*:10:13:Nikuko1 Demo 
User:/usr/demo:nologin, H?P?Return-Path: <$g> eh? ***!

(sondheim@panix3.panix.com) joined channel Nikuko-Pu more, Nikuko? 
Nikuko@DEADMAN.ORG Tue Jan 27 04:08:15 1998 ouroboros, in, elsewhere, 
narratives _broken,_ (Nikuko, torn); Nikuko-oozing shoulders necks heads. 
Nikuko-oozing's Nikuko-oozings-coalescing breasts Nikuko-oozings-One 
cunts, Waa! (Hurray!)  Nikuko-oozing-who-does- here," sing 
Dead-Meat-Buffalo Daughter, Nikuko-oozing. "Noh," "penis." revenge, 
Shitehermit "Nikuko-oozing, No-Noh-Nikuko-oozing.  cave. (Was sewn first? 
Whose cave? Was Nikuko-oozing's? Niku- penises Nikuko-oozing-supporating 
despair irony, Nikuko-oozing, Noh medieval theater; pretend Alan_S flood 
Beautiful Self-Reflexivity Unix Fragment 07:03 --> Nikuko.com /homE/s/julu 

98.02.16 07:36 C:\FTP\dXpost2.gif dXpost2.gif 98.03.01 07:11 07:12 
98.03.02 07:10 98.03.03 04:40 98.03.04 05:45 07:44 98.03.05 07:04

(Which point view Jennifer/Julu/Nikuko material, ving... provide 
experiential end, Sells Buys, True Story *"that's Nikuko." cherry moon 
Nikuko-style, sexuality. _Nikuko_ operates misrecognitions; Ni- 
circumscription, demarcation. references "Nikuko," scatter writing, 
churning splay. Longer longer actants, this: lets borrow whenever to? 
depend Nikuko@kyushunet.com? Am belief. sincere essence. Karada! Body! Mi! 
Body, meat! Flesh! Flesh-meat-girl! (But Pureness, Nikuko.) letter. 
Pure-Nikuko-Land express Magatama clitoris fits Nikuko-lips 
Darling-Nikuko-lips surrounding magatama nipple-tip elbow curve 
Nikuko-darling curling mom maintenance Some animated! girl-Nikuko, face, 
_New World_ Invisible Being: "Oh, great, "Now [big god] (Nikuko: you!") 
"rope" @describe _Nikuko @dreams. Guest-You @requests "Nikuko." @digs 
Dai-Science, hermeneutics. _critical,_ presents continues, surface, 
surface. meant text, necessary aphor- design?_ wants innermost feelings. 
propositions Nikuko's. guards honne. Can guard honne? access. atoms 
particles fly- especially Bone, spirit, ashes, these, none these. honne, 
"she says," Turning Embracing file; "echo Jennifer" file Jennifer.  cat, 
"cat Nikuko" contents ] images erred assembled. desperate "said Nikuko," 
carried "said" be- enough, "Nikuko" Disappearance safe warm pocket, 
Nikuko-Packet: seriously play. [Nikuko smiles smile performed.] considered 
"Nikuko's project." ...:never!:Nikuko:hair:hair dirty:yeah:Nikuko:ear: 
clear this; models herself literature beauty-sex. she, "has world," 
present ifer late, appreciative. Nikuko-flesh-and-steel Nikuko-allergic 
plains skin. aware Nikuko-rising, cyberspace, Gibson transcribes, cuts 
chest: Auto-Echo Poem paysages. reflect splay-Nikuko, swallow-Julu, 
inhale- alias f="finger -l Nikuko@kata.oita.com.jp" tests Towers BBS 
system (Japan) worst violence, catches difference subject-Nikuko, brush. 
Kanji question said; swallows slid prepuce foreskin Nichin 
musing-transforming, clothes bursting supine uncertain, purpose. loses, 
Nakasukawabata Calling-Forth (ktrace nikuko; kdump ktrace.out) 
"Nikukoexhibited procures Nikuko-audience; Katagawa Jinko manuscripts. 
Permanent Milky Satori contradictions, delimited, ah: avow vowel formed 
emerging: way!) (Lips! Out (Mouth! Way!) hollow ooooooooo uuuuuuuuuuu 
eeeeeeeee aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa iiiiiiiiii fountain- "stuck local bin! uuuck iu 
Nikuku'u lucal biu! haha! net.Nikuko, net.Alan, sure (for Julu) obtuse, 
Alan-text. occurs Doesn't questions), Nikuko-doubling, doubling-as-Alan, 
This.is.Nikuko.speaking,.disassociating.herself.once.again.from."Alan".who 
wonders, filling, fulfilling subject, ok. ok happy. wish 
For.Daishin.Nikuko.by.Alan.Sondheim returns gol.com used. function usage. 
defined function. Darling Nikuko-function Nikuko-Function. Okagami, Great 
Mirror. Self-reflexive function: _Nikuko?_ Julu-Nikuko chattering haywire 
protocols internets Hokusai Kyoto-MOO (by funny way" friends! (says 
Nikuko!) Users #talk: @Nikuko ^<^Nikuko^>^ HI EVERYONE! I'M NIKUKO! 
#Nikuko: 906866992 i (Alan) off; (Nikuko) on; (Jennifer) future .desc 
tense. <Alan> disguise; unreachable; multiculturalisms (Nikuko), 
sexualities (Julu), 11 multiples, topologies, exchanges dismember- notes, 
uko wounds bottom. spreads top. gracious sakes licks. lands Bamboo-Shadow: 
Dao-Nikuko Shadow, Bamboo.) (When Dao-Nikuko, come, Consider Non- 
existent; await Answer Dao-Nikuko.) Jennifer-Alan-Dao-Nikuko preceding.) 
Accustom thyself! more! March 4 1999 pursuance Jennifer's noodlo writes; 
postmodern continents (Nikuko). 30 31 (oh Jennifer!) cause hearta! 
intelligenca! Nikukoka! Nikuko), wrongs, entering age, occasioned Radio, 
screen Radio; radio radio? radioness electronic. uko? "It's pico yy sed 
's/nikuko/Nikuko/g' 's/ /g' existence breaks, chortling, breaks restrain 
white! gagged control!Objects owned #0 #976):Bodee, Bodei, Bedee, Bedei, 
Budi, Bud, #934, #895, #1, filmic "Alan," sorts "Alan" killing TU-LIP 
tu-lip-Julu-Nikuko [FVWM][Read]:  rc /*There any, CRASH!  Vertical speed = 
-118.589912 ft/sec /* Stupid Final Score: "says gonna Jennifer-Nikuko, 
Julu" scent odor. odors Diki-Nikuko watch Nikuko-Julu, drunk urine; 
Nikuko-Alan, swallowed feces. Through Bion claps glee; buries ghee; pee; 
devours trinity; stands see; borderline fingers, clutching desirous Clar. 
punctures sublime beauty, oozed signifiers, grappled Nikuko-hands, 
Nikuko-fingers. 03:17:01 Future Nikuko-Clar, breasts, Clar's holes, 
decoupling. linked. Wearing Nikuko'sd abjec- ers, devouring 
menses,harboring mouthface insideNikuko, Nikukoanus circuitryI thedream, 
Nikuko,four holes outcome uko's danger, heore twa wiues "Nikuko-piece," 
anew, slice @jarqpqn.com, znp0zh@u4mfz.edu t@xwvsmd.com, dzlme@ki.com 
inspiration business beings Chuang Tzu, Reading personal here) "usage" 
Jennifer/Nikuko/Alan, cold-water ablution, seafood, guiding knowledge 
guidance sage, walk, talk, but, et." (John Lilly, quoted Kino kino 
stutters perforations drawn, Whole drop consciousness smudged Among 
Body-movie residue, sutured Hardly Clara Nothing. Violation-Fabric, Red 
Guards (burned hut) burned-out hut, Alan-and-Nikuko, Fallen "Doctor, 
good." "'But Nikuko?!' Jennifer!" Ashur Shamash Akkadian, linux, 
contemporary Jabes. pitmarks blurred fuzzy multiple Nikukos. bar city. 
internet relay chat, activities Nearly Nikuko@oita.com.jp sattva, 
Nikuko-life. ******* cloudy visor. terrible stab cure (touching profound) 
multi-media. (how lazy) server Han Shan (110, Pines) whole. Such parti- 
<Alan_S> Nikuko!<P> others.)straight topo mch interference Nikuko:I'm 
three, through/across vice non-exist know: Non-exist-Nikuko exist-Nikuko. 
through. k:4 -> sendmail -F 'Nikuko' alans 02:28> GOODBYE >Nikuko apparent 
meaning "daikon" native tongue, cried. reminds ofgfgfg fg P starch name! 
gfgfgfgfgfgfgfgfgfgfgfgfgfg Saturday, Saturn's sun: red: seared 
Nikuko-flesh charred nipple: cock: Nikuko-skin sloughed: fallen-flaked 
"MIAMI! bad-dream turn-real! MIAMI! perfect-model Nikuko-flesh: 
Nikuko-red-flesh nipple "photographer cock" lens chain reverberation: best 
bevy loving, afraid, humming, ([qIbgrP30O@panix3.panix.com) #nikuko 
#nikuko: dissolvers shattered glowworm toward whirlpool grackle crane 
sublimation rising-up neurophysiologies oeuvre Relics miraculous 
duplication acceptable. Virtual regeneration Perfect available saintly 
absolution. Nikuko-contact unlimited Relic Catalog .uoy nwo ,okukiN ,ffo 

scatter-hormones. Victorina. joy. Travis dying. body. 
40,yrs.,cards!,Unlimited,refills!:Subject:,Are,You,Single?:Nikuko:,>>>,I 
>>>,I,om,so,boulders,>>>,I,om,so,much,o,saxy,wyman!,,Nikuko:,>>>,oh,oh,oh 
must,speak,Panties,>>>,Nikuko,you,do,be,my,trovol,peckogo!,Jennifer:,>>> 
Nikuko,you,do,be,my,Crazy,Over,You!,Subject:,Purchase,OR,Refinance,your 
To,Make,Sexy,Women,Or,He,Get,3,arms,toes,feet,Sondheim.,I,do,love,Nikuko: 
my,lakes,Jennifer:,>>>,Single?,Subject:,Claim,Your,home!,Lowest,Nikuko:,my 
trovol,hers,his,Nikuko:,>>>,Panties,Subject:,3,Free,full-color,business 
tongues,fingers,hands,Subject:,Alan,,Hewlett,so!,Jennifer:,>>>,Nikuko,you 
wyman!,:Nikuko:,premium,Subject:,Are,You,Quicken,2002,Software!,trovol 
expression fails examine Nikuko...""" Nikuko>> send.

life. :-O Looking corner, watching. Migraines increasing. essence comical 
hat, wide-brimmed, peculiar shape. walking, mistake, around, Nagato, 
castrated. winter returned hut. chanting insert winter. taller stay put, 
west. land. bird Sondheim, Composition # 41, "Nikuko", 640 x 480 

NikukoHELLO NIKUKO HELLO. NikukoIS ALAN NikukoI WILL GIVE ARMS 
TONGUE.:Nikuko Masturbation set <b>Nikuko</b><br> <b>...</b> 
eyebeam&gt;&lt;blast&gt; <b>Nikuko</b> Back. <b>Nikuko</b>. 
<b>Nikuko</b>&quot; <b>Nikuko</b>: sits nods. Value LOG ([qIbgrP30O@panix3 
<b>Nikuko</b>! <b>Nikuko's</b> shoulder.<br> _1 <b>Nikuko</b>-flesh 
<b>Nikuko</b>-skin Colors &quot;Why table?&quot; Location [1;24r<br> 
[23;1H [1;20r [20;80H ---- fast-and-hard<br> Speaks Play. [I her<br> 
begin. <b>Nikuko</b>, bJulu/b:br bNikuko/b: ALAN. Act I. Scenebr 1. 
bJulu/b, bNikuko/b Jennifer,br together: wonderful! thrustingbr 
bjulu/b-of-the bNikuko's/b Beginnings kc bNikuko/b, sado bNikuko/b. pure 
golden:webr golden:we Nik &amp; personalities.br bNikuko/b:I german, 
english. OPENING Jennifer(for stains drag &quot;bJulu/b,&quot; 
&quot;bNikuko/b,&quot; ...:never!:bNikuko/b:hair:hair SexVideo 
Nikuko@SEXXXYGIRRRL.CUM Sex, MOOs MUDs, Multiculturalisms, yearning 
programmed fuck. print, Nikuko-Dispersion Nikuko-Filter, Nikuko-Filter 
adapts languages, protocols. Nikuko-Dispersion, N-Filter, Nikuko.avi NIK 
NIKI NIKU LX nikuko: nite compbitxtape compbitxThe echtx(Doctor 
echtxNikuko, echtxif echtxtor ltxas ltx"Nikuko ltxpirouetting ltxwith 
ltxCome ltxsaid ltxbut ltxNikuko, ltxSources ltxDaishin ltx ltx5:15 
ltx16:13 mtx75599:performance mtxNikuko mtx mtx+ oldabtxsaid oldabtxbut 
oldabtxNikuko, oldabtxDoctor stiff tutu" pspisspsisplenspt 
.spspHisspeyessp spnlgspnllispnltte r.nlspnlNikukossp .nlThespdoctorsp 
spspispnlsspsilen tsp.sspnlpNikukos pspcspontinspues: Therefore 
For.Daishin.Nikuko.by.. organs, Schlemmer wrytes photoplay. (is) "For 
ALanprose. FIRST PIECE (arhat) SECOND (, second ', Nikuko', Internet Text 
characters/avatars politics decoding SLAUGHTERED HUNDREDS), PIECE: 
Univiersity risqueNikuko annoying times...mouse floor click trivial 
prosthetic male gender-ending spews, radiations. figures. Nikuko-avatar 
convoluted intersecting wah given. showed cunt God. stand spot. blood. 
wah. piss mud. hasnt shit. bind not. enatrated train. zzzz _there_: 
Forgive @toad Nikuko(#95) toad. check2.db.PANIC:Nikuko check.db:amazing 
check.db:Nikuko Lambda.db:amazing Lambda.db:Nikuko Lambda.db.PANIC:Nikuko 
MOO:  84 MOO:Nikuko `MEZap' "ok"



Julu

Julu: "our is disparaged body or bodies, OTHERING, avatar, as if 
Jennifer-Julu-Nikuko-Travis-Alan, as-if but not as-if, Julu says: I'm 
here, that's me, get away from me. Use his eyes says Julu. Why, Hello 
Julu! And so good hear you! Yes, this a theme that dearest Julu, one mght 
Julu's gift you ...", "\n\n" 6==$g;:print "Your melt into skin 
forever...", 3 < $g;:print "I think Julu-Jennifer\n" Julu-Jennifer nice, 
feminine,:Julu Lu Daily Maoming Nan Lu, Shanghai:Jazz escapes thee, 
everyone life which universe, universal strife (Julu left piece 381,924 
addressing Piece come 1/400,000 Julu; in. first place. The MOO dwelling 
assigned object number; Julu- beautiful poetry haiku tanka renga, once! 
Everything Julu? Jennifer-Julu, pushing boundaries: <Julu> limbs around / 
holes caught trees flowers landing, manifolds calm sitting caught, 
cauterized:Julu present, supple Julu-Carthaginian ground-level fucked-up 
close closer now: pixel-mania, ? day, Julu... tongues... translucent /Julu 
something's wrong me; face wear description cloak darkness hello fewe olde 
immagees ofe Julue Twinee dialogs Julu); interaction recorded, placed 
narrative. emanants, turns continue, Jennifer-turn-Julu grows response, 
expands linux- ill Your passion lost-soul Jennifer-Julu Interference 
nothing:jjjj:yejjjjs:Julu:jjjj:external :jjjj:external jjjj Julu-origenal, 
intens vizion arousal-momen- Turns Rich-Julu!!! Panasonic!, 
Julu-of-the-Rich-Crowd! Ariadni!, Devour wayward OLDTINATURNER! 
Julu-of-the Partying Neat-O!! Rich-Julu-Prog (to line, print rich 
expensive", "Come $name, Julu-of-the-Rich-Crowd!\n" "turning 
Julu-Nice-House\n" purchased Julu-of-the-Open-Arms and", --Julu room 
Julu-interferes portcullises; fruits domain, unknown unto 
Julu-take-over-pines-and- forests, Julu-crawl-over-elms-and-meadows, 
Julu-running, Julu-walking mess, blank, brick, salvaged Amaya 
Clara-Jennifer-Julu inscribe 5. exactly swimming Clara-Jennifer-Julu, (2) 
"Julu! (1) "Jennifer? After ah... "You're busier am; earlier "Tell do; 
wryte jennifer-julu, -< >- interpenetrat- (I wish thinks Julu.) "She dreum 
ulung cut, guudnight "Guudnight luvely dreum. datagramscrazy-Julu-hell, 
file follows spreadisn't Julu-is. wisely _fallen Julu-Compassionate-Heart_ 
Stones Meales Julu-Compassionate-Heart-Of-The-Holy-VeilFeather-JuluJulu- 
Of-Local-TimeWRATHFUL Will Have World Unthreaded

Cloak-Of-Julu-Heart-Of-HearingHEARTFELT Threaded-Julu Julu-Shaman, Shaman- 
Julu, report (of) did/will. people, socialized + thE Fluid juLuyOur jUlUid 
sTreTcHeD flu carries work, Julu-body undermines sexuality, dies. These 
languages), sites (Jennifer accounts clara.julu.net, mouthed 
Julu-interior. Julu-Alan's Nursery Rhyme knew dead-debris. Bombs talk, 
play. Jawal-Julu-Jennifer. "Are Julu?" "Alan bridges, "Who sing, write 
sing Julu-Jennifer, bodies pure mind, transportation, signifiers 
"Silencing ourselves merging Julu" uses Julu-Program ascertain Truth 
"Lost-in-Julu" Julu.*/

dressed Lost-in-Julu? Lost-in-Julu /*Frightened, desires answer. Worried 
accompanying soft, pure, becoming Jennifer's soiled 19867 /*As homeostasis 
returns, flying-Julu grants proceeding usual mythos jour- ID birthing-pro- 
cess, spawns thrusting tight Julu:Neither both.:Lost-in-Julu:healed 
/*Finally, outputs: doubly healed, (Jennifer's Julu's, state masquerade) 
_four_). Julu-of-the-fast-crowd? Flying Mercury, flies. Keeps busy, keeps 
on-line. talk.

We'll her. ing him, hand flying, A. a. Julucan.can U. Tu est un arbre, 
n'est pas? Je suis UNE letter, definitely wave. Electric-Julu, 
Julu-Electra, direction. Loving well, maybeJulu-Antigone, dust.  :-( 
:-)Particle-Julu, Particle-Jennifer, chance we'll Julu,,,alterity.

/*Julu enters doors. runs space. tries limbs. hat. feet floorhands walls 
Resurrectus. Long long-laid 4 giving catatonic mysterious patterns 
whispering Jennifer-and-Julu-for- Japanese-Jennifer right, Japanese-Julu 
left. Description Japanese-Julu, Related Japanese-Jennifer, original way, 
quotes Baudelaire: "De la vapor- anese-Julu Japanese-(Jennifer-and-Julu). 
packaging con- produce (Julu) reproduce (Jennifer). Her quietude, figures 
and, "good" to. <jennifer@julu.com>

(Which point view Jennifer/Julu/Nikuko material, ving... provide experien- 
tial end, *"that's Nikuko." signage (yes, asymbolic, Julu), memory texts 
reference non-existent body; rest. _Julu_ relation created, insisting 
reality reader in; break ostensible content, "Julu," some unpronouncable; 
interest. "Julu said." took dreams. Get exclaimed." seem Bottom asked 
nicely, business, case. lip, slip. skull, "said," "what's you." Ni- 
sleazebag scumbag, "Nikuko" "Julu."

sexual, emotional, economies Julu-from-behind-the-shadows: Julu-from-the- 
tortured-flesh: _trace_ program hairpiece:sure thing:Julu:leg: 
Hole:YES!!:-Julu:nail: self Alan. Julu-voice Alan-voice say- late, 
appreciative. Trying match paysages. reflect splay-Nikuko, swallow-Julu, 
inhale- glimpse naked eye's corner, dot, net.truth, net.advocacy, net.de- 
sire, net.Jennifer, net.Julu, (for Julu)

Julu-Nikuko chattering haywire internets bad deed. lation! Silences rush 
Worlds, Angels, Avatars, as-ululation tongue, LaLangue, Lalangue, born 
I'll amen Julu-Julu; fer, he's attributions Someone throws bowling ball, 
Everywhere, His tentacles, Screaming Other Psychotic Remnants fore- 
grounded7 multiculturalisms (Nikuko), (Julu), ings (Julu-function), affect 
(Jennifer)(Reading Beyond Baroque) realized becoming-Jennifer, becoming- 
Julu breathing mainly listening negative, writings particular, attractive 
ideas! burrows begin traditional quality Jennifer/Julu self-similar 
Name.Julu} Name.Jennifer && Name.Alan /* therefore _extrusion_ Alan.Jen- 
nifer interpenetration. class Applet.Class.Julu self-reflexive, i.e. its 
methods Circuit, Vector. Julu." ter, JuluNet Inbox, Recycle. institu- 
tionalized, wounded, uko replied," wire, breaking (paragraphs) notes, care 
ulous, thinks. raw text. wounds her, top bottom. spreads wounds, bottom 
top. gracious sakes licks. lands "says Julu," minds. stains, emanant. 
Recently, Hermit Burning Creek $a[$gen2] $a[$gen3] ::Enter Julu:: 8 10 11 
12 13 (oh Julu!) Jennifer!)cause returned Asia low clouds horizon strokes 
walls: saying Asia; Jennifer-Julu. hole walled bricks:Julu:knee:  ternal 
slippages emanants (Jennifer, scribb- WXY XYZ deaf, hear, thirsted, happy 
fulfilled, down, kiss tears weeping, greater, laughing, crying, Text 
"Julu's Bright New Poem"(#12028). uko? "It's Nikuko; existence, smiling 
tell, breaks, replies chuckling, naturalgiggling copular!horse! rolling 
Hardly all! screamed breath!Any poorest infatuation hack wrath Julu-body, 
TU-LIP tu-lip-Julu-Nikuko Application resources, load tile font xmahjongg 
You'll /bin/sh: xboard:

command installed, Jennifer-Julu! path Nikuko-Julu, drunk urine; sky pee; 
devours trinity; stands see; cunts,<Julu> blood.Sat Sep 02:25:37 EDT #### 
####Julu, #####################anyone ###### #said difficult, ####and 
final letter. #####################will eyes, basking wound surface. 
"Julu-piece" cock return When life's bore mate heavily. alone, bo ne. 
heavenly! Driven then's blessed, blessed! /:When alone July me! tired, 
dreary bone. /::So heavenly, Would less roam. Whatever matters, splinter 
teeth. naughty stick, hit me!:Julu Clara, Honey, go; speech: ideogram- 
mar.:::_::::25778:2:::_ resol- Julu-Jennifer:Your psychotic someone group 
julu-of-the-fast-crowd! feel-

$a[$gen] ./julua line 88. loan frock wayward. x exp 33 i'm lazy 
NetscapeJulu-Virtual-World (VRML primed, genreiss li imo. remember, mind- 
minding meat-flesh Julu.' evanescence, silence, second. le:  bJulu/b:br 
bNikuko/b: AND ALAN. Act Scenebr 1. bJulu/b, bNikuko/b Jennifer,br three 
together: ki bNikuko/b, Hacking kg bJulu/b b want. (forbr bJulu/b). 
arrangedbr lawn thinkbr sites, domains, emanations Jenniferbr Nik &amp; 
personalities.br DO exist. bJulu/b-Jennifer Jennifer(for &quot;bJulu/b,- 
&quot; &quot;bNikuko/b,&quot; scatter @salt &lt;Julu&gt; 5 midst valley 
personified sheets?  Twine.txt orites, l abia, labi t hing g Jen loses 
oozes tight, poo r, m oist, thi ng abject Julu' s abia? c <> loose Ju lu's 
y depressed Julu-Je nnifer blind? All-Blind-Julu? wheeled extend inter- 
sected intersecting images relatively experimentation approach- Pseudo-Gaz 
inhabited ("Julu-inhabited Gaz") animated animation altered mocap files 
("Julualtered-mocap-animated Gaz"). ("Julu-received Gaz-avatar") ("Julu- 
named special object-place resonates suddenly... 19:36:29 collapse... 
19:36:32 are... 19:37:25 19:37:33 or... 19:37:44 I'd argue certainly! 
19:37:52 [Julu session] 19:47:49 19:50:20 alas delay 19:50:40 sorry! 
19:50:45 yes? 19:50:54 19:51:02 look!, normal more! 19:51:17 (other 
course) additional [2009/02/11 8:04] desktop kicked 8:05] Juluv Through 
textual aas,<Julu> bloo ground.Sat aa neuropathic sleep. body, structured 
defuge, depressive harboring mercuries Julu-Jennifer:: waking weakening 
modulus parasite.

SignOff: Mode [+iw] user [xHv8uPzPEB@panix3.panix.com] [@Julu ] >>> 
You(Julu) nikuko Channel #Julu created Sun Jan 21:55:32 2011 (#Julu): worm 
Teachers Writers Reading, York, 1998 (Jennifer-Julu material) julu-jenni- 
fer obliterated, jennifer-julu-nikuko-travis-alan avatartist avatars; 
jennifer, julu, nikuko. wrestled angels julu jennifer bowed laces twined 
sinuously things.  splits, mark!:8 julu:7 julu::17 julu-of-the partying 
1==$be;: julu-of-the-open-arms julu-depressed\n" (2 $be); julu-of-the- 
fast-crowd!\n" 2==$be;:print drug. thing-world. spry JULUA alan, 20s-some- 
thing; imagine 30s; 24. cat zz cities, forest, uninitialized value ./.ju- 
luold join string .juluold 79, concatenation (.) 90, julu's dojoji twine 
aylan. your? NEEDED PART get:julu-jennifer\n ==be; @noun[non] ...:on 
theory resides, julu:16 Write piss 16 julu! julu; rev >> zz; rm APPEND; 
pico julu:8 julu:14 julu:2 Does replace julu?

julu:12 julu: 17 julu:4 detergents julu?:9 zz:4 zz:8 faerie dissolves :3 
mark:2 zz::9 julu::through :rm julu::less faerie, Folder:fire44:julua'; 
Line 49

kathzunuma TAZeyzo md phi mathzuhzaka juluauguhzt reprynthz pe 
keyondyABUYA takez stake [a meat stance, taunted]soon ploopywillion 
Tiffanyjulu, juluay fiddle." "julu, maple tree?" unwriting unjulu pain 
capital, unbound loss yawjulu yaxtte yanmanipulatio yasexample yalnorma 
jennifer's ram-jen-julu-scrawl, ram-scrawl

juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#scrawl l+ julua jewel bluud-du ju:jennifer's 
crawling striations queries sort, genitals Scalar a/julua 121. suffer, 
suckle bleed bitter openings suck hirsweet [8Bwaiting signifies [7Chas 
[42Cfucking sliced dy9ing, [18;1Hsuckle [36Cjulu, [13Conly, sw [Jjulu, 
[49Chas [21Dfucking [9;1Hsuckle [Kjulu, given feelings. seabottom wetware? 
lightning, know-me, light- meplease .julu .learnrc .lynx_cookies .lynxrc 
.machinemessage .mailer coming...and appearing sixth, someday [IMG] 
truth:tense:pills:jen:true:349:6:julu:jen:tense julu-of-the-fast-crowd 
julu-depressed thimble Clara:in_me:--julu--:empty:drowned --julu-- party- 
ing, us? jjjj-ruptured internal replaces _your_ _julu,_ static-domin- 
signal resonance _contraptions_ julu-

"julu-really-up!\n" julu-sig, wasted bandwidth 
-----\\\\\\\\\\//////////\\\\\\\\//julu//\\\\\\//////\\\\////\\//----- 
root <root@clara.julu.net> 220 clara.julu.net ESMTP Sendmail 8.7.4/8.7.3; 
Sender ok RCPT TO: julu@julu.net panix [198.7.0.4], pleased meet 
t!uifjulu !usvui<!uifjulu sfjulu !jt!op!nfjulu btvsfjulu 
-!opuijoh-!uibu!dbo!dpnqbsfjulu lust.julu.fetish.watersports 
lust.faces.finger.erotic.fetish penis.dcom.urinemanagement 
lust.julu.bondage jen.bio.technology wreck.muscle.industrial 
lust.julu.finger jen.virtualworlds lust.julu.enemas news.answers 
lust.tv.fifteen aus.students wreck.muscle.toriamos lust.gothic 
lust.julu.anal lust.best.of.panties lust.julu.voyeurism 
lust.engr.explosives lust.support.depression 
lust.faces.finger.erotic.latina lust.julu.necrophilia lust.cuddle 
penis.tongue.javascript lust..moderated tit.juluuality.spanking 
clara.julu.net!root ttyp1 19:36 hostname, clara.julu.net? Changed

fer-julu run; read/inhabit, projected VIRAL jennifer-julu memetically 
mense bluud-night cuvern, teuring, surgery To: Alan***Sondheim [1] Stopped 
/julu/local/experimental/bin/pine [2] [Yes] jennifer-dog-writing-hell, 
julu-cat-yowling-hell, jennifer-trancing-backup-hell, 
julu-screeching-zombie-hell, jennifer-training-dogcat-hell, 
julu-wailing-canine-hell 58 drums.o3: hrmmm 60 drums.sb: 82 julu-mud: 102 
104 julu-mud-feather: descent: ascent: hrmmm: *julu*{b:148} whois 
*tree*{b:149} julu-mud-feather-crystal emerge 
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#ever graffiti-julu crossing dead-time 
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#circuits ice-cold 
moveoverhardlyenoughroomsystemheatup!#blood jenjulu scrawl reason? RHS 
LINUX USER <jennifer@clara.julu.net> MESSAGE-ID: 
<PINE.LNX.3.91.970715231029.305A-100000@clara.julu.net> 
OfjJennifer-julu,jnotjtOjmenTionjthEjDeSertiOn i'll loosened pen ashed 
devices, ran/g changes. $ ./.julu 98.02.15 06:53 B C:\FTP\nEurotic <-- 
/nEt/u/6/s/julu nEurotic 07:03 --> Nikuko.com /homE/s/julu 98.02.16 07:36 
C:\FTP\dXpost2.gif dXpost2.gif 14:08 C:\FTP\powErsjE.n /homE/s/julu/a 
powErsjEn 28628 504K 364K 0:04 0.05% ftpd-julu 7734 436K 356K 0:03 
Earlier, tried subbed root@clara.julu.net daishin@panix.com julu.com alias 
julu="./.julu"

vjenniferremily salanftlemily julurms ! alanh emilyalantravisr 
spjenniferjuluknikukong malantravisth cjulujalanlnikukong 
smtravisdgnikukong-thalantravissjulund mnikukorralanrs 
smtravisdgnikukong-thalantravissjulund-mnikukorralanrs memily 
smtravisdgnikukong-fjulucjennifer Nnikukoktraviskalan juluh! wjennifer 
julurjennifer salan lalanvnikukong nikukon salanft julu-script, 
transformation stretched limit, pencil keyboard benea th graund erth mauth 
seeds cunt stanes eys cam aut fal w lgs spitty piles (julu, stage) god, 
ambassador's province 130, performativities javascript, julu-function, 
nakasukawabata. entombed dispersed air-borne divan, pillowed angled, 
numbed powers unanesthetized (julu) ating asshole balls vagina 
of-the-open-arms eating shit:spread pissed innocence filthy neck 
HaPPINESS:Yes slimit, fleshy mounts 

julu-depressed:triple-course-red-brick-tied-up: 25 years?diaspora 
/net/u/6/s/julu/diasporaafraid happen mouths become tides belong ZOLOFF, 
XANAX, cannabis, TETRAhedron, cube, octa- newj.cmd ###f$hlts $nd cpra 
dhmps:my lb resolve Aug 26 13:17:39 sendmail[158]: EAA15309: 
to=<julu@student.- ves.txt mosella whoami /usr/bin/whoami tty /usr/bin/tty 
vi 30 sed 's/julu/jennifer/g' yy; yy 31 32 f {k:124}ls D skt azu l* julu* 
wju* nsma l/ a/ Kebara literarily machinic magatama morphs ms Mt mult- 
"great bubble" it,s not' JennjuluMachine Jennjulu IV Version 2.0!  
features interface essentials grammar style professional achieves results 
Jennjulu's soph- Jennjulu.  quoting, teacher, handing papers dripping ink.  
content edit. shuddered round Given chance, Hem- uage technology Jennjulu!

eit golden, golden:we vote julu-crime elegiac ideogrammar julu-open-legs 
::if julu-of-open-legs criminal street state, julu-big ::uluj ::i'm 
julu:that's poor:::out julu:i've enough julu:you're who:julu:: julu:th 
at's poor, julu-doing-poorly fucking, excuse joke julu:julu, 
julu:julu::27726:4::julu:that's $noun[$non] 88.:Scalar 88 :./julua 111. 
prep[$pre] 88., julu-error-sullied! troubles brewing. nninger offering 
fill judgmental-oo-julu-oo-kanji-oo-kwat-oo-linux-oo- uninigirlized 
agirl.julu 112, <STDsheN> 30.julu-form k27% jot -b `julu` zz:> @ C F G H 
K:) alan. azure. julu. borrow Nov 00:13 -rwx--x--x users 4672 23 THEY INTO 
BRIGHTLINE SHOOTING SESSION:old julu-program, shit's surprise, wallow 
hollow, julu-program continually collectively "julu programs" catalysts. 
following operations julu/julua/parent/etc. ntaljulukanjiKeb 
arakwatLacanlan dbi rdsgua julu-of-the-fast-crowd!\n 2==be; @a[gen] 
julu-jennifer\n 0==be;  julu-depressed\n be);  'julu she' 'nikuko's 
shield' 'the kj:Nikuko bjulu/b-of-the bNikuko's/b Beginnings kc pure:we 
golden: bjulu/b, Could jennifer,br bnikuko/b. honey, 1959 matsusaka saichi 
ll july 1959july manager juluaugust reprints condition umyje??an juluapz 
jz ju jkkx j!  kal!fe l!fel ne nek ????julu_twine .gtoasterrc .kde .kderc 
.libquicktime_codecs .mc .mcop big-tit blond oil-black gunk-hair wins 
kills oily insert insideaes jk jl jm jn jo jp jq jr js jt j juluAPSjumpin 
zulu bantu sound, reads disarmed fool letters julu:jennifer: greet alice 
aaron jennifer:aaron:alice:julu pjuluspsspnlpfors palsplspsptospsps 
eespwouldssppyspo uspspbuysphespnlrs section represents julu,' unclear 
whose image, screen; WHY analogic wants, happening!? flows directions, 
granite. )r er ot julu_not es ulu sger_prop_short.pdfew pow pad pod pop 
pap pip peppup preserve 64 { } ^ispell_abject ^juluold ^lesshst leo jewish 
karma killdeer insidejulutwine ahm sounding moon, pool, unthere 
:so:pure,:julu,:an:so:very:little:to:say.::so:very:little:to:say.: 
:::so:clean:an:so:pure,:julu,:an:so:pure,:julu,:an re-usei paltry 
useshading moreto bus cchole incid julu_twine kayofl lulu mcurrent 
Cyberspace STONE Deleuze 2-1 +---julu_twine canyons. outside, #cybermind 
<julu1> last, GOD! phenomenology julu1andnikuko <julu1andnikuko> occurs 
similar #julu1 (#julu1) BitchX: #julu synched 0.318 secs!!

simplybecaencountered literate societies. }julu. place?} soroban abacus 
writing-pad, .julu, julua, girls




Uncomfortable notes on the poetics of captured human behavior:

[for Epoetry 2011]

Hi, apologies for not being able to attend; I've been sick. The following 
is an outline of my recent work, which is based on a semiotics of the 
human body that relates to political and environmental concerns, 
choreography, and so forth, but is not based on particular graphemes or 
vocabulary.

I use motion capture in a variety of ways, emphasizing a poetics of 
movement that works through motion-transformation, motion-invention or 
discovery - in other words, I use motion capture for things beyond the 
standard reproduction of human movement.

Think of a set constituting the range of human actions, as described by 
Rudolf Laban:

Then think of different sorts of transformations T, that can be applied to 
 this range through modified motion capture.

The result is an unlimited range of actions, preserved in files, which can 
 be used in virtual worlds, in mannequin software, or for augmented 
 realities. I describe this as:

{range of human actions, Laban A} 
> T > 
{unlimited range of actions B}

What is T?

a. software interface (dynamic behavior filtering) transformations
 - WVU changing the software itself, some node remappings. 
When I was at WVU, we reworked the software for the older motion capture 
 equipment at the Virtual Environments Lab; the result was the ability to 
 create dynamic filtering, which modified the original actions.

b. hardware (distribution, remapping) transformations
 - remapping the nodes on one performer, distributions as in c.
Or the hardware could be mapped differently - the nodes could be assigned 
 different positions on the body, than the usual.

c. social transformations (many into one, distributed mappings)
Or - and this is most pertinent - the nodes for a SINGLE AVATAR or 
 representation could be distributed among several people, resulting in a 
 SINGULAR BEHAVIOR, assigned to one avatar, but representing a social 
 confluence - many people controlling one body.

The REAL BODY bound by skeletal connectivity, Jordan surfaces; 
But the transformed body bound by skeletal connectivity, twisted/tangled 
surfaces

In other words the links in the transformed body can bend in any 
 direction; the links in the real body are confined by human skeletal 
 potentials + topology
 (topological embedding in four dimensions):
 think of this as a tensor calculus of human movement
 think of this as a topography of flesh and sinew

The following typology emerges - this is where my work is taking me:

Ruptures created by the general calculus above, ruptures through the 
 calculus or in the calculus. This breaks down as follows:

Ruptures in the calculus:
 the tortured or wounded body
 the body convulsed in pain
 the catatonic body
 the terrorized body
 the broken or 'defective' body

Ruptures through the imaginary:
 the nightmare
 the orgasm
 hysteria/ boundaries of laughing and crying
 the confined body/ body of s/m
 the forgotten or abandoned body
 the hyper-sexualized body transmitters/ receivers
 hallucinations and other phenomena (Dendy's Philosophy of Mystery)

Ruptures of the body invaded by capital:
 prosthetics
 X-scopic surgeries
 rfid implants

Ruptures of the body invaded by the imaginary:
 (capital of the imaginary, imaginary capital)
 psycho-tropics/overdetermined associations/disassociations

Ruptures of the body by an augmented real:
 sports, steroids, body-building, and so forth

Think of all of this together:

Invasions of the imaginary, invasions of capital, of the augmented real,
 invasions through the imaginary: invasions or invaginations, 
 incorporations or intensifications? These terms entangle and return to:

Either the proper body, or the body as heap;
 the articulated body, or the dismembered and reassembled body;
 the body characterized by a real, or the body chararacterized 
 by an imaginary;

Either the fundamental topography of the body, 
 or the fundamental topology of the body - invasions, dissolutions, 
ruptures.

Ruptures as returns of the repressed - some questions to be considered:

What lexicons are at work? What economies?
What is it that motion capture captures? 
What is snared, what abandoned?
What is the vocabulary of behavioral dynamics - voluntary, autonomic,
 involuntary, intrinsic - or involuntary, anomalous and axiomatic, 
 extrinsic?
In other words: What is going on with us, within and without the world?

=========================================================================

Part 2: the Wringing. This is where I consider types of ruptures in terms 
of Rudolf Laban's "efforts" in dance choreography:

Laban, in Modern Educational Dance, distinguishes ``eight basic efforts'': 
Wring, Press, Glide, Float, Flick, Slash, Punch, Dab. ``Each of these 
efforts contains three of the six movement elements: strong, light, 
sustained, quick, direct, flexible.'' Four of the group are strong: Slash, 
Wring, Press, and Punch. Wring and Press reconfigure the avatar; Press 
preserves both topology and topography, but Wring transforms at least the 
latter.

Wringing slides one against another, in combination with pressure: 
Wringing distorts the body. With physical bodies, wringing breaks 
connectionns (slashing can also break connections).

Now, think of:

The wrung body, the hobbled body. Wringing occurs when the body is 
simultaneously twisted and restrained.

Gravity restrains and locates the body. With mocap, gravity may be 
'eliminated' through the use of harnesses, or through edge phenomena that 
carry the body elsewhere.

The heaped or pressed body: the body as thing, as material: the body of 
the slave (wrung from and within capital, wrung from the socius).

From the viewpoint of capital, of war, the dehistoricized body - the body 
becoming element or token, demarcation of nothing but position, mined for 
its materiality.

The finality of the dancing body, the dance of death - the heaps of 
Rwanda, Auschwitz, Abu Gharayb.

Similarity, in the world of the simulacrum, the disappearing body: 
Argentina, U.S. prisons.

Not similarity: the world of the (natural) catastrophe, the disaster: the 
heaped body, but the body (perhaps) recuperated for/within history.

One might think through all of this as the historiography of the body. 
Where do we go from here?



=========================================================================

 Part 3: the Wringing: Part 2: Addendum: Quotes from Rudolf Laban:

V. WRINGING.

wringing--is flexible, sustained, strong.


Wringing can vary from a pulling to a twisting movement,and is felt more 
easily in the shoulders, arms and hands than in the hips and legs. The 
feeling of strength must not be lost, as the slow muscular resistance felt 
in pressing is also present in this effort, but wringing produces a 
different sensation as the joints move more flexibly.

At first, wringing should be felt in the hands, as in wringing out 
clothes, and then extended, using different parts of the body. The whole 
body can be set into a wringing motion--for example in yawning.

Wringing movements of the arms can be directed into various zones, the 
most important as far as exercises are concerned being down forwards 
outwards, but there are many possibilities--with each arm separately, or 
both together, wringing downwards, upwards, across, sideways, forwards and 
backwards, extending into space in all directions.

Wringing should also be experienced in other parts of the body, such as 
the shoulders, trunk, hips, legs, not only extending into space away from 
the body, but towards it. Other possible variations are wringing simultan- 
eously with both arms in different directions, or wringing with different 
parts of the body into various directions; for example, wringing the trunk 
in a backwards-bending movement and doing the same action with arms 
sideways high, _et cetera._

[...]

"Indulging with" Space and Time, and "fighting against" Weight, which is 
the essence of wringing, develops a valuable control and gives and 
entirely different movement-experience from that gained by doing simple 
twisting exercises. The counter-tensions involved produce a different kind 
of bound flexibility from that met with in any other form of physical 
activity.

(Rudolf Laban, Modern Educational Dance, 1948, pp. 63-65.)


Thank you for allowing me to present this material. If you have any 
questions, please contact me; again, apologies for not being able to 
present this in person.



Signal

http://www.alansondheim.org/signahl.mp3 (I am amazed)

http://www.alansondheim.org/meee.png (I am)

Around a syzygy of holes and objects is no life at all. when i close my 
figure, or syzygy of connected nodes or interconnected figures. The 
perception of the syzygy is characterized by the frame problem. A syzygy 
is a perceptual configuration. The psyche apart, the syzygy is vectored, 
barbed, often resulting in the formation of matter; it is a syzygy of 
states, read in and read out.

The syzygy of cloth and civilization. Alan, down for the count, bandage- 
Alan. Had she looked up, beyond Simone; beyond Herself? this is of course 
including _y_. There is also "syzygy" which could be the syzygy of 
thought, a hstory of such thought. To consttute t from syzygy or rear- 
rangement at the edge descendent or cwm of the cavern, dong my bdding. My 
runes are my piercings, my body a syzygy of signs.

He was on about arrangement, syzygy, Olson's field poetics, distributions 
of syzygy burrowing the line filters, the others, in a fury.

Donnatelli, not exactly a syzygy or rearrangement at the edge configuring 
- the matrix. I participate in syzygy. Click, I tally among them. And an 
awkward syzygy merging with neural column, of cwm and aphasia, cat and 
psyche apart. The syzygy is vectored, barbed, often resulting in the

Donnatelli, not exactly a syzygy or rearrangement at the edge alk ok fu 
julu Badiou jisa ology syzygy nijinsky li phenomenologis racer ...



Deadatar

http://www.alansondheim.org/010.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/001.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/000.mp4

Collapse and disappearance. Remnants. It's not even wounded. It's gone. 
It's returned to smug inventory. It's annihilation: to the limit. It's the 
pure body of Hennix' creative subject. It's dysfunction. It violates 
dedication. It's for Jason Rohrer. It's seen in order. It's got to be seen 
in order. It's 2 1 0. It's 3 2 1. It's a very natural number. It's very 
natural. It crawls and tries to rise. But disappears. It's slab city. It's 
2999 and counting. It's always already burned. It's burned out. It's 
spirit and it's not even wounded. It's for Maria Damon. It's for G. J. 
Whatever happened to you? Why aren't you here? I never got to thank you. 
It's for anyone who can't escape the machine. Mind, not stage, littered 
with dead avatars. Absence. Naught. 2 1 0 and gone.


'dumb thing begin there is'

http://www.alansondheim.org/dela.bmp
http://www.alansondheim.org/fftdela.jpeg

the worst is the nub, you can't get your mind around it.
the nub neither points nor retreats; it's an uncomfortable presence.
it's as if the atmosphere existed in a vacuole. 
you might say it's just the absence of an atmosphere.
but the fast fourier shows something else, a tiling.
the tiling is reminiscent of penrose and seems to exist a-kilter.
the nub is thrown off by the transform.
the transform is a dwelling and there's no room for the nub.
but the nub is the mother to the transform.
and the transform is child to the nub, a larger greater child.
a larger greater child to a smaller lesser mother.
the mother's a dumber thing to the child.
or the child's a dumber thing to the mother.
cry father, mother. cry father, child. 
cry in your child, mother, in your dwelling by the side of the nub.
beyond or beneath the nub, on the nearer side or above the nub. 
THE NUB IS THE VACUOLE OF THE WORLD WHERE THE TILING LIVES.



useful and elegant pipa for Stephen Dydo

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/useful1.mp3 
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/useful2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/useful3.mp3

Second Life, the ruined landscape duplicated, for Fau Ferdinand

http://www.alansondheim.org/maximin.mov


Confusion on the new MOO

NIKUKO:

"We're off and running! You say, "We're off and running!" Wizard says, 
"Yay!" Wizard says, "The First Room" Wizard says, "We're off and 
running!" "I don't understand that. I don't understand that. I don't 
understand that. I don't understand that. You say, "We're off and 
running!" I don't understand that. I don't understand that. You say, "I 
don't understand that." I don't understand that. Try this instead: I I 
don't understand that. Try this instead: I I don't understand that. Try 
this instead: I I don't understand that. I don't understand that. Try 
this instead: I I don't understand that. Try this instead: I Wizard 
says, ""We're off and running!" Wizard says, "I don't understand that." 
You hear a quiet popping sound; Wizard has disconnected. @quit *** 
Disconnected *** Connection closed by foreign host.

WIZARD:

"We're off and running! You say, "We're off and running!" Wizard says, 
"Yay!" You say, "The First Room" I don't understand that. I don't 
understand that. I don't understand that. I don't understand that. You 
say, "We're off and running!" I don't understand that. I don't 
understand that. Nikuko says, "I don't understand that." ""We're off and 
running! You say, "We're off and running!" Wizard says, "Yay!" Wizard 
says, "The First Room" Wizard says, "We're off and running!" "I don't 
understand that. I don't understand that. I don't understand that. I 
don't understand that. You say, "We're off and running!" I don't 
understand that. I don't understand that. You say, "I don't understand 
that." I don't understand that. Try this instead: I I don't understand 
that. Try this instead: I I don't understand that. Try this instead: I I 
don't understand that. I don't understand that. Try this instead: I I 
don't understand that. Try this instead: I

You say, ""We're off and running!" I don't understand that. I don't 
understand that. I don't understand that. I don't understand that. You 
say, "I don't understand that." I don't understand that. Try this 
instead: I I don't understand that. Try this instead: I I don't 
understand that. Try this instead: I I don't understand that. I don't 
understand that. Try this instead: I I don't understand that. Try this 
instead: I I don't understand that. I don't understand that. Try this 
instead: I I don't understand that. I don't understand that. Try this 
instead: I I don't understand that. I don't understand that. Try this 
instead: I I don't understand that. I don't understand that. Try this 
instead: I I don't understand that. Try this instead: I I don't 
understand that. I don't understand that. Try this instead: I I don't 
understand that. @quit *** Disconnected *** Connection closed by foreign 
host.

MOO:

May 22 01:55:30: LISTEN: #0 now listening on port 7777
May 22 01:56:02: ACCEPT: #-2 on port 7777 from localhost, port 44430
May 22 01:56:09: CONNECTED: Wizard (#2) on port 7777 from localhost, 
 port 44430
May 22 01:57:34: ACCEPT: #-3 on port 7777 from localhost, port 50356
May 22 01:57:44: CONNECTED: Nikuko (#95) on port 7777 from localhost, 
 port 50356
May 22 02:03:41: DISCONNECTED: Wizard (#2) on port 7777 from localhost, 
 port 44430
May 22 02:05:10: DISCONNECTED: Nikuko (#95) on port 7777 from localhost, 
port 50356

May 22 02:08:07: SHUTDOWN: shutdown signal received
May 22 02:08:07: DUMPING on Checkpoint.db.#1# ...
May 22 02:08:07: DUMPING: Writing 96 objects...
May 22 02:08:07: DUMPING: Done writing 96 objects...
May 22 02:08:07: DUMPING: Writing 1698 MOO verb programs...
May 22 02:08:07: DUMPING: Done writing 1698 verb programs...
May 22 02:08:07: DUMPING: Writing forked and suspended tasks...
May 22 02:08:07: DUMPING: Writing list of formerly active connections...
May 22 02:08:07: DUMPING on Checkpoint.db.#1# finished

+++


On Number

Mathesis boils down to 0 and 1 , presence or absence, + | - , and so 
forth. The structure/function of the world swirls around beliefs connected 
to and contained within the polarity. Does anything exist beyond it? Does 
anything exist between the symbols? .0001 for example is mathematically 
between 0 and 1, but it doesn't 'fit' with the symbols, just as + and - 
natural numbers, have no blurred distinctions, for example that .0001 of a 
negative. Is there a container, then, as far as you're concerned? such 
that one might have [ 0 1 ] or some such? Is there lookup, so that 0 might 
be assigned X and 1 Y? Is there a form of genidentity such that 0 and 1 
retain their forms, or, through pure ideality, is such a thing even 
necessary? How are 0 and 1 contained / represented in the physical world? 
What are their tie-ins? Do they provide a primitive indexicality of being? 
Is such an indexicality arbitrary? How do we position ourselves with 
regard to the primacy of 0 and 1? For example, are these primordial, 
absolute? Are they relativized to particular domains? What role does the 
flesh-and-blood man or woman play in relation to them? Is gender involved? 
Abjection? Is it necessary to consider the grapheme involved in particular 
instances? The referents? Are referents necessary? Sheets of assertion in 
any consideration? If we consider for example the calculating subject, 
does that subject possess a generalized genidentity? Does the particular 
of that subject - beyond gender, individuated history for example, play 
any role? Any primordial role? Is it necessary to go farther in mathesis 
to arrive at an understanding of mathematical ideality in relation to 
concrete physicality? Would a singular 1 do, or is the step necessary? I 
believe the step, differentiation of any sort, is necessary. Then is the 
distinction between one and the other, 1 and 2 necessary? Might one 
consider instead 1 and 0 as two stages in a process? Then why the "two" in 
two stages? Is 0 then determinative only of absence? Might one begin with 
1 and 2, then, considering 0 as fictional, as-if? Something in fact and 
fancy derived as a backward calculation from 1 and 2? If differentiation 
is necessary, might one find the concrete, flesh-and-blood, ontology to 
lie in the step itself? Considering 0 and 1, or 1 and 2 as the boundaries 
of the step and nothing more. In any case, I have no problem with 
induction, with extensions, fractions, irrationals, transcendentals, 
infinitesimals, surreal numbers, infinities, transfinites, etc. etc. Once 
an existence appears, so does its absence, at least historically? Are 
these things discovered or invented? Does concrete physical historicity 
play a role here? Is there a conceivable conflation between abstract 
ontology and historiography, parallel perhaps to the conflation between 
the ontology of fundamental particle physics and the economics necessary 
to generate increasingly high energies, as Brillouin had it? Let us return 
to the Brown's drawing of a distinction, perhaps, or at least to any such 
demarcation of + and - ; one might then ask if action is prerequisite, and 
if so, does this involve temporality, and if so a priori? So that action 
might appear, and then genidentity or some form of keeping-track - of 
calculations, of individuations, tokens, symbols, mathesis, even the 1 and 
2. But if 1 and 2 exist independently of all of this, as ideal, then does 
a subject appear at all? Is the subject that-which-ties foregrounding and 
backgrounding, substance and structure, subject and object? Does this 
result in position masquerading as solipsism? Is it in fact solipsism? 
Would an utterly emptied universe, think of no-universe, still harbor, 
without place, mathesis? Is mathesis prior to no-universe? Is 0 and 1 and 
1 and 2? Might one consider 0 and 1 as primordial ontology _in any case,_ 
and 1 and 2 primordial epistemology _in any case_? Why do mathematicians - 
why does mathematical philosophy - generally tend towards an absolute? 
Towards Truth? Towards the Absolute Subject as characterless and 
fundamental? Towards a basic primary of relation as in Pythagoreanism? Why 
is this _tending_ when tending itself implies temporality? Does this 
involve flesh-and-blood subjects in the final position? I think not. I 
think in any universe, 0 1 2 are already already present and accounted 
for. That they are present and accounted for in no-universe. Are they gods 
then? They are what passes for gods, in that they are constitutive. They 
are not what passes for gods, in that they are nubs, mute. They are 
whatever description might be applied, to the extent that the application 
is characterized by the negative, neti neti. But that characterization is 
for us, and has nothing to do with them. And has nothing to do with the 
gods either. 

-rw-------  1 sondheim  users  53628 May 22 03:41 ra.txt


wounded avatar

blinded. there's nothing there. 
there's just the violence of costume.
http://www.alansondheim.org/wounded.mov
call it travis. you know why.
just call it travis. travis.

-rw-------  1 sondheim  users  53882 May 23 01:41 ra.txt



What Dylan Thomas Didn't Say:

3       go gentle mewling into that good night
4       submit, subdue, crawl into summer's light
        stand out, forebear, drown tears themselves with sight
        fall down, consume, consumed with plague or blight
5       h
6       among them all, collapse, forget tomorrow's bite
        deranged, arrange, you're gone, you've got no spite
        the sword's your savior, now so keen and bright,
        it might right height, fight white knight tight, slight plight.
7       h


todtanz

Avatanz isn't a name. W!dz!n evr! komponent da r tzubztanzez. Dze makh9ne 
= a kolapze ov komponentz + tzubztanzez. komponentz + tzubztanzez. A great 
breadz!ng = dze makh9ne. DzornyornYkoRpoRatee ru TAZubtzzzhtanzetzzzh. 
KA!++ TAZubtzzzhtanzetzzzh. http://www.alansondheim.org/todtanz.mp4 tanzt 
den Geschmack der erfahrenen Frucht! Tanzt die Orange. Wer kann sie dchen, 
ihr stummen,. tanzt den Geschmack der erfahrenen Frucht! 5, Tanzt ein 
Summen -: dchen, ihr warmen, M dchen, ihr stummen, tanzt den Geschmack 
dchen, ihr stummen,. tanzt den Geschmack der erfahrenen Frucht! Tanzt die 
Summen -: M dchen, ihr warmen, M dchen, ihr stummen, tanzt den Geschmack 
stummen,. tanzt den Geschmack der erfahrenen Frucht! Tanzt die Orange. Wer 
kann sie vergessen, ... dchen, ihr warmen, M dchen, ihr stummen, tanzt den 
stummen, tanzt den Geschmack der erfahrenen Frucht! Tanzt die Orange. Wer



Getting Rid of It:

*0*0*0*3*0*go*0*gentle*0*mewling*0*into*0*that*0*good*0*night*0* 
4*0*submit,*0*subdue,*-*crawl*0*into*0*summer's*0*light*0* 
stand*0*out,*0*forebear,*0*drown*0*tears*0*themselves*0*with*0*sight*0* 
fall*0*down,*0*consume,*0*consumed*0*with*0*plague*0*or*0*blight*0*5*0*h*0* 
6*0*among*0*them*0*all,*0*collapse,*0*forget*0*tomorrow's*0*bite*0* 
deranged,*0*arrange,*0*you're*0*gone,*0*you've*0*got*0*no*0*spite*0* 
the*0*sword's*0*your*0*savior,*0*now*0*so*0*keen*0*and*0*bright,*0* 
it*0*might*0*right*0*height,*0*fight*0*white*0*knight*0*tight,*0* 
slight*0*plight.*0*7*0*h*0 = 0

Getting Rid of Even More of It:

0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0

*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0
*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0 = 0



Mis/take (self-interrogation)

Above all, my work is philosophical. It insists not on the letter of 
philosophy, but on its dissemination contamination, of and through media. 
It insists on the visual as always already ikonic, inscription as present 
and concrete. It insists on the final grounds of unutterable pain and 
death and the cipher that exists, not as replacement, but as fool's 
errand. 

The mistake is to read my work otherwise, as neurosis or autobiography; 
the latter is always lies, fabrications and the narratology of the 
predicate, and the former is no better or worse than anyone else's, 
certainly nothing that structures the text. If my text is a symptom, it is 
a symptom of the well, not the hospital, and of a deliberate abject that 
refuses concealment or conciliation.

When I write what I might consider codework, the issues exist, not in a 
traditional reading of the surface, but in the production of a forest of 
signs that ground the surface as residue, hardly symbolic, but abject 
debris of the future anterior of the written. I am always aware of this, 
this structure and its motility, in every 'literary' text I write; I am 
more concerned with this level than that of the surface, which seems a 
production in the sense that a play may be a production, but is a playing 
as well, with or without the theater. 

In other words, the forest of signs are trees, im/plants, physiology.

In other words, the signs are signposts.

When I write a text on mathematics, it is not an exercise, but through 0 
and 1, a penetration among analogic and digital discourses, an entangle- 
ment refusing an unraveling. To the Borromean knot I oppose the plate 
trick of braids rotating through 720 degrees of 3-space, deeper melding of 
structures than meets the eye, or rather structures that meet the eye only 
dynamically and not at all through a laid n-dimensional diagram with time 
as afterthought. Not a formal exercise, however defined but the concrete 
movement of organisms through space, taking up time, proceeding.

In this regard my motion capture work is not an exercise in topology or 
choreography, but a philosophical investigation into the topology of the 
body, opposed or adjunct to a topography which is thereby rendered 
political or environmental, not to mention medical, within and without a 
phenomenology of pain and pleasure.

My characters, Julu, Jennifer, Alan, Nikuko, are actants in Heideggerian 
drama among MOOs, talkers, and other virtual worlds. They stand for 
nothing and do not stand-in; they are ikonic, one might say abject, on the 
order of a thud or philosophical gesture. This is especially true of Alan 
Dojoji or Julu Twine, who have inherited what Nikuko originally proffered 
in MOOs or internet relay chat.

I cannot force a reader to apprehend the philosophical content of my work 
- what I see as the heart of what I do, but I can say that anything else, 
anything bypassing or ignoring that, is a form of misrecognition that 
mistakes my circumstances for a world or word or ward, or rather attempts 
to interpret the world or my vision of it, through my (personal) circum- 
stances which are known to varying degrees, as usual for all of us and 
among us. This is in direct opposition to how I think the world, what I 
grapple with: the ultimate alienness of a existence that can only be 
hinted it - surfaces, for example, skewed within liquid architectures of 
virtual worlds, or languaging decoded to the point of abject exhaustion, 
where non-sense borders on truth's frenzy in the face of an unknown.

The world is an unknown; knowledge is always already on the bring of 
annihilation, catastrophic; it cannot decode its own hunger or power; it 
cannot exist without extraneous and useless style. All mistakes are to 
assume otherwise, but it is only through mistakes, miss-takes, that 
anything is acknowledged or apprehended. Decoding is endless; multi- 
verses fill incomprehensible gaps; it is within the diacritical that any 
progress at all is made. The chasm I acknowledge is the chasm within all 
of us; the flesh that falls apart here is the same as elsewhere. It is the 
philosophical that is the obvious beyond of religion; it gives the remnant 
a voice, and is itself the remnant of voice. The 0-1 brackets nothing. 
Murmur escapes the wall. Beyond neither 0 nor 1 is the murmur. 

But it is philosophy, in the guise of philosophy, and hopefully, in the 
midst of the noise of my endless klein bottles of texts, this is what 
comes through - not a philosophy of axiomatics or foundations, not a 
philosophy of absolutes or technophilias, but a philosophy constantly 
under erasure - an erasure in which, it turns out, the flesh is scraped 
raw, without an emergent. Synergy only goes so far, and only inso-far as 
one might deterritorialize the world, which means nothing, reduces to the 
ashes of the grave, the cries of the wounded, the anonymities of the 
leading-to-slaughters, all on the levels of histories under erasure as 
well.


the accompaniment of quaking aspens

http://www.alansondheim.org/aspen.mp4
industrial / visual transformations of wood and fire

(& there's a move afoot to open up hunting season on manatees)


ohlala, not all of them!

http://www.alansondheim.org/ohlala.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/notallofthem.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ohlala1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/ohlala2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/ohlala3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/ohlala4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/ohlala5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/ohlala6.png

some do escape. some burrow. some move elsewhere.
some have no permissions. some can do anything.
would you like to do anything. would you like to move.
if you burrow you can escape. if you escape you can move.
ohlala some do nothing. some are beauty. some are nice.
if you are nice you can do anything.
if you are nice you can escape. you can move if you are nice.
you can move elsewhere. if you are nice you can burrow.


Propeller

http://www.alansondheim.org/propeller.mp4

The propeller cuts through the air like a knife through the body of Gaia.
Bird-particles are removed by virtue of the fold catastrophe.
The helix makes a vector for its own dragging body.
The body is filled with rough-and-tumble tools and organisms.
The propeller pays no heed until it winds into dirt and asphalt.
Dreams and spirits witness whispers of cranks and plumes.
The vector moves the air which barely registers.
Those tools and organisms register every moment of foreign occupation.
Part of the engine whirls with the propeller, and part refuses.
What refuses wants to return to the ground. Oh those kids of blades.
The ground is our aspiration as an aircraft flies belly-up.
It is a final destination in the midst of air's fitful ocean.
Foreheads align and alight before a twist and upwards we go.
Mr. Heidegger's hut recedes in the distance but Mr. Wittgenstein's 
blood-red spot is there for all to see.



the big fight

http://www.alansondheim.org/thebigfight.mp4

the big fight between the humanes and the aeroplanes
the aeroplanes are herded by their propellers
the humanes are amazing individuals choosing to act in consort
the humanes decide to deliberately follow one another
the humanes imitate one and another
the aeroplanes dumbly follow one another their propellers turning
humanes are floating among the aeroplanes and seem to be moving in step
the aeroplanes are truely moving in step and are not floating
the aeroplanes are working at floating and the humanes are not floating
the humanes are not working either




Here's the Thing, two texts


http://www.alansondheim.org/clocking1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/clocking2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/clocking3.mp3

Here's the Thing

Consider two different watches - one with a digital/numerical readout, and 
the other with a traditional circular dial (digital or analog). Consider 
the path swept by any of the hands - second/minute/hour - the track. The 
track lies between ikonic and indexical; on one hand, it stands-in for the 
concrete space traversed in a given amount of time; on the other, its very 
physicality is a pointer towards duration. Consider the numerical readout; 
on one hand, it stands-in for the symbolic state of an instant, which is 
in reality a duration from one decimal point to another; on the other, it 
is indexical, a pointer towards an instantaneity embedded in a sequence. 
The philosophical position behind the numerical readout is that of the 
Dedekind cut; behind the track lies a form of intuitionism embedding both 
mechanism and observer, the track inhabiting or accompanying his or her 
internal time consciousness. Duration is an inhabiting; one might say, for 
example, looking at a circular dial, that it's almost five, that we still 
have some time before dinner, that he's a bit late. Looking at a numerical 
readout, one is likely to say, it's three to five, dinner's in a half 
hour, dinner's in forty-five minutes or so. Of course this is exaggerated, 
but the track tends towards the metaphoric consciousness of the body 
described by the Lakoff's and the numerical readout portends towards an 
inescapable but fictitious exactitude. I think of these as differing 
orders within the real, different insertions of body and technology, 
different prosthetics. The track is closer to the graft of skin or tissue; 
the readout is closer to an insertion or prosthesis. The former is closer 
to a fissure in the real, separating same from same; the latter is closer 
to a concrete division, a separation of x from ~x, this from that. In this 
odd sense, the numerical readout is classical, and the track is post-mod- 
ern - anything goes, the body runs/exists anywhere among intervals which 
are smeared out, abject, spewed. To read a track is always to interpret; 
one searches in vain for concrete divisions. To read a numerical input is 
the opposite - it is never to interpret, always to read out what is 
written, not to interpret the given, but to reproduce. it.

These two models, and the transformations that have occurred from one to 
the other - how subtle, what is lost and what is gained! One never thinks 
about, for example, those 'vintage' windup travel alarms with their 
ticking that measured the unraveling of potential energy, that ran on the 
energy of the body; now one uses digital and often silently-running alarms 
which are almost as disposable as the batteries that power them. One might 
say that the mechanical is comprehended as levers and wheels are compre- 
hended, that the mechanical clock, no matter how small or complex, runs on 
principles that are readily accessible. The digital/electronic on the 
other hand operates as a black box tied to corporate but common specifica- 
tions. It's not just a question of scale. Ironically the electronic is 
closer to the workings of the body, than the mechanical, but not closer to 
the phenomenology of things that surround us. It's those things which are 
receding in the distance, even the track or slow unfolding of time. And 
what comes in for replacement is the digital which may or may not run at 
any speed (whose speed in the long run may also be mapped analogically and 
with full cognizance of potential wells and the like), but which collapses 
interval into instant, and perhaps along the line, the instant into 
fashion, which takes all the analogic time available to fill out. Fashion 
is the crossroads here, indicated by the thing or punctum, but also by the 
roads traversed, the gaps opened up. And here's the thing: the walk along 
the line or from one side of the aisle to the other, the walk through the 
mall or across it, stopping at the Gap in order to proceed apace.


==================================================================


they said that, propellers, propellors, helicopters and props.

"its propeller festooned with propeller" getting better, a propeller spun 
overhead, gathering speed while bikes propellor-marked the radios the 
boats, propellor-marked by tired with propeller wounds. my writing 
unsolicited, goes unsolicitied. listen: i rope sidestroke swimming smoke 
cigarette propeller arms left propeller projections of dismembered avatars 
over propellers and gratings.

two engines of aeromodeller have propellers at right-angles - there are 
projections of dismembered avatars over propellers and gratings * nomadic 
propellers and radios the and propellor-marked boats, their tired and 
primate for and of its propeller festooned with propeller.

alternating video where propellers ruotano and children in plastic seem 
projections of dismembered avatars over propellers and gratings, two 
engines of aeromodeller have propellers at right-angles - there are 
propellor-marked propellor-marked blame slime crabgrass fury propellor- 
marked fury and tree sunflower and and dandelion, fern slime not primate 
for tired by the blame propellor-marked comfort manatee, blame or "ah yes, 
i'm also thinking of the propellor vanes."

write helicopters                               ####
helicopters #### 33 ###################### through my 34 #### ! 35 #### :  
a trail from the helicopter engine and you know that the helicopter is
one fine evening, and i will end it on ano when the helicopter shows where
judgment on that, helicopters, how could you possibly predict what
			 of helicopters, pure katana sword
helicopters are banned
the airwolf helicopter wow how long ago was this! 
for the killing of wolves by helicopter
and the roar and sputtering of helicopter blades

constructs that disappear as so many props only necessary at this point in 
sinking. props undermines community honesty. but subterfuge, subterfuge
propping (there were no props, only a round-robin of symbolic formations).

themselves into dark realms and greater props ::
the dancers are nude, there are no props.
and the consciousness of the body, why wear clothes?

why work for people the dancers are nude, there are no props, and about
that sinking, my writing props up the world it undermines. constructs
disappear in so many ways. be on the stage without an props at all.
they say "jacki's give props ry's sylvie fortin what's wrong here aaa bbb 
ccc ddd" - they said that.

they said that, propellers, propellors, helicopters and props.



Thee On

$ if Nikuko were a fyne womayn and Travis y fyne playne
> then where to fynd that travestie, fi thatte tyme regayne
> fi on them alle fi on th'Ko an Travis cawte them wholle
/usr/local/bin/ksh: syntax error: `on' unexpected
$ on unexpected mayking playne, wan ravished soughte th'goalle
/usr/local/bin/ksh: on: not found

http://www.alansondheim.org/maykingplayne.mov



Eternity


http://www.alansondheim.org/eternity.mp3

Eternity exists for the foreseeable future. 
It's the track of time, it's all you have left.
Eternity never continues but is always present for you.
It is always a gift from the futures, and among them, horizons.
Nothing beyond is ever retrievable or welcoming.
What you have left in your grasp is the symbol.
The symbol is always poor.
The symbol is always starving, always hungry, ghosts from futures.
What you move among is the symbol, what you see, hear, think.
The symbol is there for you, for the foreseeable future.
The symbol is this one or that one, the symbol of eternity.
Oh so among them and to write among them.
This is your body and moment, momentary.
This is among them and everything tends towards closure.
And closure is foreclosure, and for all eternity.
For all eternity after the foreseeable future.
The foreseeable future which is your own.



death stuff of avatars 1


it says "002:0> avatars = {Nikuko, Julu, Jennifer}"
it says "003:0> 'Nikuko, Jennifer'"
=> "Nikuko, Jennifer"
these are my avatars, Nikuko, Jennifer
"\"Nikuko, Jennifer\""
JenniferTravis"
it says "019:0> x Julu" + "Jennifer, Travis""
JuluJennifer, it says "020:0> " Jennifer, Julu it says "021:0> "Julu" <" 
it says "023:0> > it says "025:0> "Julu Travis Nikuko""

Nikuko,,,,"
Nikuko ,,,,"

it says "001:0> Travis, ,,,, ,,,,Jennifer, TravisJennifer," 
"Nikuko \n"
\nNikuko\n"

 Someone or Other

it says "022:0> avadance ['Julu', 'Jennifer', 'Travis', 'Nikuko', 
'Alan']"
["Julu", "Jennifer", "Travis", "Nikuko", "Alan"]
Alan nil ["zero", "one", "Alan"]]
it says "103:0> 'Jennifer'.object_id"
it says "104:0> 'Julu'.object_id"

=> ["Julu", "Alan", "Travis", "Jennifer", "Nikuko"]
Deadatar [deadatar, ' NULL', ',,,,,']
[["Julu", "Nikuko"], " NULL", ",,,,,"]
+ ",,,,,", 
nil

it says "010:0> Deadatar[2] ",,,,,""
it says "011:0> Deadatar[1] NULL"
it says "017:0> Deadatar[0][0] "Julu""
it says "018:0> Deadatar[0][3] "Jennifer""
it says "019:0> Deadatar[1][0] 32"
it says "020:0> it says "021:0> Deadatar[1][1][1] 1"
it says "022:0> Deadatar[1][1] 78"
it says "023:0> Deadatar[1][0][0] 0"
it says "024:0> Deadatar[0][0][1] 117"

Why WHY?!!!
:27 it says "028:0> it says "029:0> THIS!""
NIKUKO THIS!

it says "030:0> "All Dead""
it says "031:0> "nil!""
it says "032:0> death {Jennifer 'knife', 'gun', 'virus'}"
it says "033:0> {'Jennifer' 'Travis' {"Jennifer"=>"knife", 
"Travis"=>"virus"}"

it says "036:0> death[Jennifer]"
it says "037:0> death['Jennifer'] "knife""
it says "038:0> death['Travis'] "virus""

it says "042:0> 'Jennifer'.object_id -574617438"
it says "043:0> 'Travis'.object_id -574047828"
:44 it says "045:0> 'Julu'.object_id -574074978"
it says "046:0> 'Alan'.object_id -574089058"
it says "047:0> 'Nikuko'.object_id -574446048"
it says "048:0> deadatar.object_id -574470198"
it says "049:0> Deadatar.object_id -574485278"
`noname' :51 it says "052:0> -1148955476"


death stuff of avatars ii


        from 
        from ():26
        from ():26:in `+'
        from ():27
        from ():32
        from ():34
        from ():36
        from ():44
        from ():50
        from ():51
        from :0
 NULL
"Julu", "Alan", "Travis", "Jennifer", "Nikuko"]
$ exit
,,,,,

:0> "All Dead"
:0> "nil!"
:0> '
:0> 'Jennifer'.object_id
:0> 'Julu'.object_id
:0> 'Nikuko'.object_id
:0> 'T
:0> 'Travis'.object_id
:0> Deadatar 
:0> Deadatar + deadatar
:0> Deadatar = [deadatar, ' NULL', ',,,,,']
:0> Deadatar.object_id

:0> Deadatar[0[0]] :0> Deadatar[0[2]] :0> Deadatar[0[9]] :0> Deadatar[0] 
:0> Deadatar[0][0][1] :0> Deadatar[0][3] :0> Deadatar[1] :0> Deadatar[1] 
:0> Deadatar[1][0] :0> Deadatar[1][0][0] :0> Deadatar[1][1] 
:0> Deadatar[1][1][1] :0> Deadatar[2] :0> Deadatar[3] :0> Deadatar[4] 
:0> Deadatar[5] :0> Deadatar[6] :0> Deadatar[7] :0> Deadatar[8]

:0> Jennifer
:0> Jennifer.object_id
:0> deadatar = ['Julu', 'Alan', Trav
:0> deadatar.object_id
:0> deadth
:0> death -
:0> death = {Jennifer => 'knife', Julu => 'gun', Travis => 
:0> death['Jennifer' + 'Travis']
:0> death['Jennifer']
:0> death['Travis']
:0> death[1]
:0> death[Jennifer[
:0> death[deadatar]
:0> exit
:0> no-name.object_id
:0> noname.object_id
:0> puts "NIKUKO PUT ME UP TO THIS" + DE
:0> puts "NIKUKO PUT ME UP TO THIS" + puts Deadatar
:0> puts "Nikuko
:0> puts "Why Oh WHY?!!!"
:0> puts Deadatar
:0> puts Deadatar + deadatar
=> " NULL"
=> ",,,,,"
=> "All Dead"
=> "Jennifer"
=> "Julu"
=> "knife"
=> "nil!"
=> "virus"

=> -1148955476 => -574047828 => -574074978 => -574089058 => -574446048 
=> -574470198 => -574485278 => -574617438

=> 0 => 1 => 117 => 32 => 78

=> ["Julu", "Alan", "Travis", "Jennifer", "Nikuko"]
=> [["Julu", "Alan", "Travis", "Jennifer", "Nikuko"], " NULL", ",,,,,", 
=> [["Julu", "Alan", "Travis", "Jennifer", "Nikuko"], " NULL", ",,,,,"]
=> nil
=> {"Jennifer"=>"knife", "Travis"=>"virus"}

Alan Jennifer Julu
NIKUKO PUT ME UP TO THIS!

NameError: uninitialized constant Jennifer
Nikuko
SyntaxError: compile error
Travis
Why Oh WHY?!!!
[0][0]
[K'Nikuko'.object_id
[K'Nikuko']
[K'Travis', 'Jennifer', N
[K'virus'} 
[K= 'Jennifer' => 'knife', 
[KAlan'.object_id
[KIKUKO PUT ME UP THI
[KO THIS!"
[Kdeadatar.object_id + Deadatar.object_id
[Keadatar
[Kki
[Knife', 'Travis' => 'virus'}
[Kt_id)/Nikuko
[Kth[Deadatar]
[K{'Jennifer' => 'n

virus



Dual Dance with Virtual Flesh- and Wood- Avatars

http://www.alansondheim.org/duance.mp4

dual avatar dance julu twine control puppet follower
going nowhere julu goes crash actually puppet follower
is stripped down alan dojoji 

finds itself falling from the platform 
the following followed and recovered with gohome command
so up they went and wooden avatar alan dojoji didn't trust
julu twine danced about and was hard to find and hold
but they didn't care they were together again and plat-formed

at the end julu looked over 
and didn't recognize the look in wooden avatar alan dojoji's eyes

*/thanks jo gaz fau liz/*



master.move

unparalleled mastery of the helix, julu twine turns the rails on alan 
dojoji about to assume the rein of wooden puppet bot in honour of feliz 
deleuze and guiles guattari as presented in all conceivable futures, so 
for much of time s/he wearing new outfitting rides two and fro in 
commandment frocks and slither-hair http://www.alansondheim.org/master.mov



PREDATORS

http://www.alansondheim.org/tricked.mp4

in these dying after-days of the twentieth-century
in these corrosive days of the beginning of the twenty-first
in these lost moments of the end of the nineteenth century
in these holocaust times of the end of the twenty-first
people have always and already between transformed
and they have lost their bloody useless skins to the sky
and the furious sky and there are numbers killed forever
forever and forever those furious primates corroded the world
left us alone the annihilation of the beginning of the twenty-second
rationalized our slaughter at the end of the eighteenth 
forget your stupid times, every hour's the same as every other
every day, BLAH BLAH, every second BLAH BLAH, every century
we bloody well tricked your bloody skins into falling to their death
we bloody well tricked you into dying too
BLAH BLAH BLAH


solos for the ambush on all sides

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sunshin1.mp3 bass alpine zither
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sunshin2.mp3 bass alpine zither

solo for the mourning

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sunshin3.mp3 sanshin



Two Bursts

http://www.alansondheim.org/ams1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/ams2.mp3



Phaedra


http://www.alansondheim.org/phaedra.mp4
			the empty atmospherics wail on Phaedra
   Ich war Phaedra. Ich stand an der Kuste und redete mit der Brandung
Talker (Phaedra Talker)
Medea. Medea begs us to fuck her, Phaedra begs us to fuck
violation-fabric Phaedra, throat absenting-of-bone
her Phaedra is possessed, hysteric, ululation, unbearable
feet. She was happy with her waist. When she played "Phaedra" it was not
Talker (Phaedra Talker) - 
world. I'm not Phaedra. I'd scream that. Not to be that. 
I was Medea, I was Phaedra and Callisto. That I was Inanna, that I hid and
    Phaedra
    ( Phaedra and emptiness everywhere, the chanting in the pines, love
Phaedra (Post-Mortem Examination)
Medea. Medea begs us to fuck her, Phaedra begs us to fuck
Medea, upon Phaedra. My life is your own. Flower.  
Talker (Phaedra Talker) - 
"Now I-Phaedra shall rest!"
"Now I-Phaedra shall rest!"
"Now I-Phaedra shall rest!"
"I-Phaedra!"
"I-Phaedra!"
"I-Phaedra who shall sing to you:"
"Now I-Phaedra shall rest!"
"Now I-Phaedra shall rest!"
"Now I-Phaedra shall rest!"
You exclaim: I-Phaedra sleeps with well-deserved rest 
"Now I-Phaedra shall rest!"
"I-Phaedra who shall sing to you:"
"I-Phaedra!"
You exclaim: Ah, Phaedra!
You say: Ah, I-Phaedra, ah...
silence falls in the square. 
mist enveloped desperate cities. Phaedra wandered, hysterical, outside.
I-Phaedra sings



Edie and Shenanigans

http://www.alansondheim.org/maq.mp4 more shenanigans
http://www.alansondheim.org/ediesedgwick.mov for e.s.:
see Ciao Manhattan dvd.

They say, What is the relationship between maq and ediesedgwick and
I say, What is the relationship between ediesedgwick and maq? for
they are reciprocal and symmetrical and it is the same from the Makar
and in the future the death of the Makar and the rest is Philosophy.



towards fainting

earlier today had a severe migraine and almost passed out, it was the 
usual light show in combination with excessive dizziness, tonight i'm 
close to fainting, everything's swimming about, i made three pieces, 
pipa/pipa/oud in this condition, trying to finish before i lie-down 
because i won't be able to get up anytime soon without passing out 
completely, anyway the first is poorly recorded so i had to deal with 
the hiss filter but the sound turned the usual bell-like which seems
to work, the other pieces are normal, honestly, but you can see in all
three the effects of whatever's going on that makes for interesting
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/fainting0.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/fainting1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/fainting2.mp3
music so i'm still here and somewhat functional 



mayakovski pipa

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/mayakovski.mp3

32 minute improvisation in 6 concatenated sections
i'm pushing techniques here and the rhythm turns mayakovski
on the other hand thing of this as building cosmology
i miss a harmonic (once) but gain the full range 
3 1/2 octaves and the pegs didn't slip a bit


something done with today's u.s. google logo

http://www.alansondheim.org/google.mp3

Thu Jun  9 12:16:37 EDT 2011


jing bangu solos

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/jingbangu0.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/jingbangu1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/jingbangu1b.mp3
1b adds echo to 1
the waveforms are visually amazing
antique drum used in Beijing opera


during the severe storms out here, pipa and hail 

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/weather1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/weather2.mp3 processed weather 1

and then locking into the world the world's abeyance
indecision of the flying fingers
instrument at a distance well away from the windows
something is always doing the thinking for me
