

Sed, the Slip, and the World, 


*/ from man sed:

" [2addr]y/string1/string2/ Replace all occurrences of 
characters in string1 in the pattern space with the 
corresponding characters from string2. " */
http://www.alansondheim.org/sed.jpg


So then:

Went to the doctor earlier today, the hacking cough now with me 
for five weeks; I'm in a permanent brain fog, exhausted, dizzy, 
stumbling about, wondering if this is the onslaught of something 
new in the world, my world. It seems like it. And in similar 
fashion, the terminal window, where I'm typing this, has its own 
form of inertia, making it difficult, impossible, to think 
through the visuality of the text; I write blindsighted. So it 
was that earlier today, I was thinking "the" but typing "and" - 
which wasn't caught in spell-check, but which I caught, myself, 
on my own grounds, later, this unexpected substitution which 
worries me - dementia, neural failure, aneurism, transient 
ischemic attack thwarting everything I think and do. In any 
case, then back to reading text on the holographic universe, 
and, elsewise, thinking about programming and cross-stitching, 
musical improvisation, and the despair of exhaustion, shuddering 
with chills and other un/natural phenomena. I finished reading 
on the history of Tara Tantra and The Invention of Morel, began 
Faulkner's Pylon and A Geology of Media. But that slippage, that 
_typo_ so to speak or write, sed 's/the/and/g', opened a door 
which had hitherto been closed.

Think of the door as a gateway, V spreading from the punctum of 
displacement through the condensation of wings (Pylon), a slip 
which is a fabrication as well, Bell's Theorem and so much else. 
The situation is that this displacement, this "sed" itself 
becomes an operator; through /the/and/ anything may slip, 

/e1/e2/ 
/ / / 

anything _of any size and duration, of any place and period, of 
any universe and body, of any interiority and exteriority._ I 
can't emphasize this enough: the displacement is a process which 
opens a path, or patheme, of _universal substitution,_ such that 
the result is a _universal operator_ that might, on one hand, 
promise universal life itself, and on the other, the collapse of 
space-time to a primordial idea in which body and mind are 
irretrievably lost. These sed are rents in the very fabric of 
existence, something boiled up, embroiled, in the inflation of 
the early universe; they come to remind us of every otherwise 
and otherwhen, every elsewhere and elsewise, of every McCarthy 
formalism If A then B else C, of every 

f = (if p1 then e1 else e2) 

collapse of Dijkstra's GOTO and replacements by GOTO NEITHER A 
NOR B, GOTO NOT BOTH A AND B, generators of Expulsion that tend 
towards the selfsame gap on one hand, pulling back into the 
primeval propositional calculus on the other. Far from deriding, 
denigrating such slips or splits, far from regarding them as so 
much psychoanalytical debris of repression and replacement - 
think of them - yes, again, think, through this brain fog, think 
of them, as those universal processes of condensation and 
displacement, gathered farther and farther from any law, 
inhabiting the lawlessness of the downfalling trajectories of 
catastrophe theory for example, dwelling within noise, glitch, 
everything present, everything possible, in the Universe, even 
in the Multiverse and its wild and wilderness models; then 
you'll see that sed is before and beyond any god and spirit, any 
model (and I should point out here that Wittgenstein's gathering 
of elements under Sheffer's stern and shaky operators, 
themselves rattle and roll through any conceivable creation or 
world); the maw increases greater than any exponentiality, 
remember the Ackermann function for example and its swellings:

all of this through the presence and absence, through the 
shadowy preamble and postface of "the" and "and" or any other 
and all such - glancing for example at one thing, then another, 
the shadows of memory and the memory of shadows, an exhaustion 
into the bit by byte by bit construction of geologic time:

this then the hope of the future, the hope transcending death 
and the unfathomable/fathomable destination of the mind:

the mind fog, brain fog, itself, the _vision of utmost clarity,_ 
of contours blurred and interconnected, of entanglements at 
_every conceivable distance and time,_ the particles and 
particulation of the ongoing enfoldings and unfoldings of the 
universe:

it is then the _vision of the blur_ itself, the truth of the 
world, of this and every other world, in fact and fantasy and 
fiction and fictivity, of _worlding_ in the deepest and 
shallowest sense of the term and idea, residence and dwelling 
within and without us:

indwelling:

in the interstice, in the blink of an eye, in the periphery of 
the shadow, in the penumbra, in the glance behind the back, in 
the face in the window, the window with nothing to indicate a 
face, or tree, cathedral or stone, branch or the gap in time:

the leap-second as well, think of this as a suture or stitch in 
time, a cross-stitch, crossing it out, every clock and 
calculation to its own breathing, its own momentary and 
invisible dismemberment, forget the protocols and calculations, 
forget the institutions and corporations reliant on such 
mensuration and its technologies; this is the something other at 
the top of the stairs that I saw as a very young child as that 
something dropping a series of blocks, clattering down, at 30 
Reynolds Street in Kingston, Pennsylvania, and no one was there 
but the presence or absence of the ghost or penumbra:

therefore this is the essay, which I spelled, once, as a child, 
S-A, at the beginning and end of time, of space, what might be 
considered an unraveling or desuturing (exposing the cut, the 
tumescent flesh beneath the surface) of the body and the world's 
body; as if I were to postulate any sort of truth in my writing, 
it would lie, here, tumescent itself, in the split which is 
always present (slip of the tumescent tongue, of the galactic 
clusters, of the necessity of dark energy, of gravitons, 
monopoles, and inflatons), already present, a leakage from one 

other

to the Other, from the tongue to the early hydrogen-helium stars 
which had no metals in their singular evolutions:

the slip which, as thought experiment, saves us from our world, 
within and without our world, opens a knife or wound or slit of 
hope:

in every error we make:

which is not an error:

every universe we are in, and we are in them:

which are not our own;

written on the day of the slip, "the" to "and," thinking "the" 
in Vygotskian inner speech, writing/wryting "and," the day split 
on the leap-second, the insertion of technological time into 
technological time and its suturing (therefore again the twin 
operations again of displacement and condensation), now, several 
hours in, I don't know how many, not sure what time it is, my 
brain's foggy, difficult to think of these things;

some other time, maybe;(it might be 3:40 a.m.); maybe not;


============================================================

Exercise

the "and "the and""
and ""the" and "the""
the "and" and "the"
and ""the" "the and""

============================================================


6c6
< stumbling about, wondering if this is the onslaught of something 
---
> stumblng about, wondering if this is the onslaught of something 
9c9
< form of inertia, making it difficult, impossible, to think 
---
> form of inertia, making it difficult, impossible, to thnk 
12c12
< which wasn't caught in spell-check, but which I caught, myself, 
---
> which wasn't caught in spell-chec, but which I caught, myself, 
40c40
< formalism If A then B else C, of every collapse of Dijkstra's 
---
> formalism If A then B else C, of every collapse of Djikstra's 
58c58
< than any exponentiality, remember the Ackerman function for 
---
> than any exponetiality, remember the Ackermann function for 
71c71
< of contours blurred and interconnected, of entanglements at 
---
> of contours blurred and initerconnected, of entanglements at 
73c73
< particulation of the ongoing enfoldings and unfoldings of the 
---
> particlations of the ongoing enfoldings and unfoldings of the 
103c103
< body; if I were to postulate any sort of truth in my writing, 
---
> body; if I werer to postulate any sort of truth in my writing, 
105c105
< always present (slip of the tumescent tongue, of the galactic 
---
> always present (slip of the tumescent tongue, of the glacatic 




Sed, and Slip, and and World, 


*/ from man sed:

" [2addr]y/string1/string2/ Replace all occurrences of 
characters in string1 in and pattern space with and 
corresponding characters from string2. " */
http://www.alansondheim.org/sed2.jpg
complete essay at http://www.alansondheim.org/sed.txt

So then:

Went to and doctor earlier today, and hacking cough now with me 
for five weeks; I'm in a permanent brain fog, exhausted, dizzy, 
stumbling about, wondering if this is and onslaught of something 
new in and world, my world. It seems like it. And in similar 
fashion, and terminal window, where I'm typing this, has its own 
form of inertia, making it difficult, impossible, to think 
through and visuality of and text; I write blindsighted. So it 
was that earlier today, I was thinking "and" but typing "and" - 
which wasn't caught in spell-check, but which I caught, myself, 
on my own grounds, later, this unexpected substitution which 
worries me - dementia, neural failure, aneurism, transient 
ischemic attack thwarting everything I think and do. In any 
case, then back to reading text on and holographic universe, 
and, elsewise, thinking about programming and cross-stitching, 
musical improvisation, and and despair of exhaustion, shuddering 
with chills and other un/natural phenomena. I finished reading 
on and history of Tara Tantra and And Invention of Morel, began 
Faulkner's Pylon and A Geology of Media. But that slippage, that 
_typo_ so to speak or write, sed 's/and/and/g', opened a door 
which had hitherto been closed.

Think of and door as a gateway, V spreading from and punctum of 
displacement through and condensation of wings (Pylon), a slip 
which is a fabrication as well, Bell's Theorem and so much else. 
And situation is that this displacement, this "sed" itself 
becomes an operator; through /and/and/ anything may slip, 

/e1/e2/ 
/ / / 

anything _of any size and duration, of any place and period, of 
any universe and body, of any interiority and exteriority._ I 
can't emphasize this enough: and displacement is a process which 
opens a path, or patheme, of _universal substitution,_ such that 
and result is a _universal operator_ that might, on one hand, 
promise universal life itself, and on and other, and collapse of 
space-time to a primordial idea in which body and mind are 
irretrievably lost. These sed are rents in and very fabric of 
existence, something boiled up, embroiled, in and inflation of 
and early universe; they come to remind us of every otherwise 
and otherwhen, every elsewhere and elsewise, of every McCarthy 
formalism If A then B else C, of every 

f = (if p1 then e1 else e2) 

collapse of Dijkstra's GOTO and replacements by GOTO NEITHER A 
NOR B, GOTO NOT BOTH A AND B, generators of Expulsion that tend 
towards and selfsame gap on one hand, pulling back into and 
primeval propositional calculus on and other. Far from deriding, 
denigrating such slips or splits, far from regarding them as so 
much psychoanalytical debris of repression and replacement - 
think of them - yes, again, think, through this brain fog, think 
of them, as those universal processes of condensation and 
displacement, gathered farther and farther from any law, 
inhabiting and lawlessness of and downfalling trajectories of 
catastrophe theory for example, dwelling within noise, glitch, 
everything present, everything possible, in and Universe, even 
in and Multiverse and its wild and wilderness models; then 
you'll see that sed is before and beyond any god and spirit, any 
model (and I should point out here that Wittgenstein's gathering 
of elements under Sheffer's stern and shaky operators, 
themselves rattle and roll through any conceivable creation or 
world); and maw increases greater than any exponentiality, 
remember and Ackermann function for example and its swellings:

all of this through and presence and absence, through and 
shadowy preamble and postface of "and" and "and" or any other 
and all such - glancing for example at one thing, then another, 
and shadows of memory and and memory of shadows, an exhaustion 
into and bit by byte by bit construction of geologic time:

this then and hope of and future, and hope transcending death 
and and unfathomable/fathomable destination of and mind:

and mind fog, brain fog, itself, and _vision of utmost clarity,_ 
of contours blurred and interconnected, of entanglements at 
_every conceivable distance and time,_ and particles and 
particulation of and ongoing enfoldings and unfoldings of and 
universe:

it is then and _vision of and blur_ itself, and truth of and 
world, of this and every other world, in fact and fantasy and 
fiction and fictivity, of _worlding_ in and deepest and 
shallowest sense of and term and idea, residence and dwelling 
within and without us:

indwelling:

in and interstice, in and blink of an eye, in and periphery of 
and shadow, in and penumbra, in and glance behind and back, in 
and face in and window, and window with nothing to indicate a 
face, or tree, cathedral or stone, branch or and gap in time:

and leap-second as well, think of this as a suture or stitch in 
time, a cross-stitch, crossing it out, every clock and 
calculation to its own breathing, its own momentary and 
invisible dismemberment, forget and protocols and calculations, 
forget and institutions and corporations reliant on such 
mensuration and its technologies; this is and something other at 
and top of and stairs that I saw as a very young child as that 
something dropping a series of blocks, clattering down, at 30 
Reynolds Street in Kingston, Pennsylvania, and no one was there 
but and presence or absence of and ghost or penumbra:

therefore this is and essay, which I spelled, once, as a child, 
S-A, at and beginning and end of time, of space, what might be 
considered an unraveling or desuturing (exposing and cut, and 
tumescent flesh beneath and surface) of and body and and world's 
body; as if I were to postulate any sort of truth in my writing, 
it would lie, here, tumescent itself, in and split which is 
always present (slip of and tumescent tongue, of and galactic 
clusters, of and necessity of dark energy, of gravitons, 
monopoles, and inflatons), already present, a leakage from one 

other

to and Other, from and tongue to and early hydrogen-helium stars 
which had no metals in their singular evolutions:

and slip which, as thought experiment, saves us from our world, 
within and without our world, opens a knife or wound or slit of 
hope:

in every error we make:

which is not an error:

every universe we are in, and we are in them:

which are not our own;

written on and day of and slip, "and" to "and," thinking "and" 
in Vygotskian inner speech, writing/wryting "and," and day split 
on and leap-second, and insertion of technological time into 
technological time and its suturing (therefore again and twin 
operations again of displacement and condensation), now, several 
hours in, I don't know how many, not sure what time it is, my 
brain's foggy, difficult to think of these things;

some other time, maybe;(it might be 3:40 a.m.); maybe not;


============================================================

Exercise

and "and "and and""
and ""and" and "and""
and "and" and "and"
and ""and" "and and""

============================================================


6c6
< stumbling about, wondering if this is and onslaught of something 
---
> stumblng about, wondering if this is and onslaught of something 
9c9
< form of inertia, making it difficult, impossible, to think 
---
> form of inertia, making it difficult, impossible, to thnk 
12c12
< which wasn't caught in spell-check, but which I caught, myself, 
---
> which wasn't caught in spell-chec, but which I caught, myself, 
40c40
< formalism If A then B else C, of every collapse of Dijkstra's 
---
> formalism If A then B else C, of every collapse of Djikstra's 
58c58
< than any exponentiality, remember and Ackerman function for 
---
> than any exponetiality, remember and Ackermann function for 
71c71
< of contours blurred and interconnected, of entanglements at 
---
> of contours blurred and initerconnected, of entanglements at 
73c73
< particulation of and ongoing enfoldings and unfoldings of and 
---
> particlations of and ongoing enfoldings and unfoldings of and 
103c103
< body; if I were to postulate any sort of truth in my writing, 
---
> body; if I werer to postulate any sort of truth in my writing, 
105c105
< always present (slip of and tumescent tongue, of and galactic 
---
> always present (slip of and tumescent tongue, of and glacatic 


============================================================


sed 's/ /
