
first view of the MacGrid and my land thereof

http://www.alansondheim.org/newworld.mp4

naked avatar (no body no clothes) in the new world
nothing happens but geometry



Paradox, Brunet, razor

"A white horse is not a horse."

The paradox here, asserted by Kung-Sun Lung-Tzu,* cannot be 
resolved by the production of an ontological apparatus; in fact 
it remains irresolvable, pointing instead to the very plan of 
language and language's (im)possibility: what is said, even 
within the performative, is performative only to the extent that 
an arbitrary nexus of laws and protocols exists: without this, 
the statement devolves into sound. In other words it either 
takes/makes the world with it, or abandons the world altogether. 
And I believe that the paradox, as it stands, does in fact imply 
an abandonment, a sense that the truth as such cannot be allowed 
to falter on the shores of language, that is to say, sound. So 
the paradox stands in fact as a hard paradox, inherently 
contradictory, without solution. Or rather, solution itself is 
placed on the plane of the nexus of laws and protocols, and 
therefore may be no solution at all, inhabiting only the same 
ontology as the original statement - which might here be 
considered a sheaf or plane occupying the zeroth degree of 
three-dimensional space - the hard paradox in relation to the 
hard space of tools and the mute substance of the real. This is 
the insight that occurred to me, that the very nature of such 
paradoxes is only to point to the weakness of the ontology of 
the symbolic, before it is overtaken, conquered, bowdlerized, by 
political discourse which proceeds as if it matters: what 
matters is the pull of the level in the voting-booth, what 
happens with the enumeration of the votes, what's slipped under 
the table, what becomes of the allotments of food and materiel 
designated and distributed among whom, and for whom, and to what 
purpose? The paradox of the white horse is a pucker, then, in 
ontology, which references a certain uselessness of the 
universal and the fabrication of universal judgments: everyone 
knows where the votes go, who's doing the tallying, and towards 
what end...


*Gongsun Long. 

From Wikipedia: "In the White Horse Dialogue (Baima Lun), one 
interlocutor (sometimes called the "sophist") defends the truth 
of the statement "White horses are not horses," while the other 
interlocutor (sometimes called the "objector") disputes the 
truth of this statement. This has been interpreted in a number 
of ways. [...]" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gongsun_Long . See 
also: The Works of Kung-Sun Lung-Tzu, Max Perleberg, Hong Kong, 
1952.


I've been thinking through Sartre's concepts of existentialism 
and freedom, in The Last Chance, Roads of Freedom IV, which 
includes sections of what was to be the fourth volume of his 
trilogy. The absolutist position of the Communist party is 
contrasted in the camp with history (whose history) and the act 
of escape. I recognized at this point that such an escape, for 
me, is not a language act, but something that escapes language 
as the final section ends before Brunet makes his second attempt 
with the aid of Mathieu. There's also a quote from Lingis, from 
"On the Essence of Technique," in Heidegger and the Quest for 
Truth, ed. Manfred Frings, 1969: "The pilgrim of the Absolute is 
a tourist." The twisting of language resonated with thinking 
about Unicode after a discussion with John Cayley about language 
in the Cave at Brown University. My own work wars and succumbs 
to language - "A white horse is not a horse," in its original 
context is irretrievable - and I end up veering into the world 
of the substance of sound manque, stripped of the symbolic, of 
meaning, of organism itself. Just as writing, then, returns, 
Brunet readies himself; the end of "The Last Chance" section 
reads (trans. Craig Vasey):


   "I'll come wake you at 6 o'clock."
   He opens the door and slips out without shaking hands, Brunet 
looks around at the room for a minute, then goes to look at 
himself in the mirror He puts some more coal on the fire, he 
yawns, he goes up to a painted red board supported by a couple 
of boxes. There's a razor, a piece of soap, and two used blades. 
Brunet takes the razor in his hand and looks at it.




eta

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1222 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/eta1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/eta2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/eta1.mp3

cumbus, erhu, cumbus

difficult for me. trying to find instruments for the gig
on the 17th re: ESP-Disk's 50th. something transportable
which leaves erhu, cumbus, saz cumbus, cura cumbus, as
possibilities. the saz cumbus can be bowed. on the other
hand there's the electric saz, fast and lean. no idea 
what to do but I'll leave it in the hands of others to
possibly make the decision for me; in the meantime here
are three pieces pushing my boundaries, not yours -



Failure

I'm not writing this for sympathy; I've come to a realization 
about my music, that I've failed at it for the second time - the 
first was when I played music in the 60s (although the records 
were re-released several times). What I wrote on Facebook -

thinking of quitting music, the cds we're doing are having a 
hard time coming out, there's almost no audience for the stuff 
i'm putting online, less in providence, i sit here and practice 
by myself for no reason at all. we're playing in brooklyn in a 
couple of weeks and the logistics are costing a fortune and are 
otherwise horrendous. and there's too many instruments, too much 
fakery on my part. i could sell or trade everything off except 
for the shakuhachi and guitar. providence is a good place to 
think about this stuff; my music feels like suicide...

The specifics - having to pay for one of my releases, and the 
other dragged down by the recording company director; having 
very small audiences when we play; having to pay far too much 
for an upcoming gig in NY - my fault since I play numerous 
instruments and they're hard to move around; having to practice 
by myself constantly without really having a reason to do it; 
feeling isolated and hiding behind rare instruments; feeling a 
bit of a fake when it comes to musical knowledge and ability to 
hear intervals correctly; feeling more of a fake when I play 
fretless instruments, always desperately looking for consonance; 
having to repair and research instruments; feeling like a freak 
just like I did originally in Providence when I was at Brown 
University; feeling exhausted having to push myself constantly, 
by myself, over and over again; and other biographical issues 
not related to music - feeling forced to leave New York, 
stressed and depressed from a thirteen-month unsuccessful co-op 
search in the city; coming down with various illnesses; kicking 
anxiety drugs; missing the energy of the city; dealing with way 
over 90-decibel noise on occasion from the bar next door; just 
growing old and not wanting to start over yet again. So yes, 
this is whining, I've invested so much in these instruments and 
the music I can do, on occasion, on them, but there's no deep 
interest in this stuff, I may be between Fahey and Bailey on a 
good day but physical improvisation doesn't matter in a digital 
era when anyone can dial in anything. I've been interested in 
'coming up' against or through an instrument, but this doesn't 
carry over to people actually listening to the results. 

I have to make a decision here in the next few weeks, the gig 
with ESP-Disk in NY won't change anything, I'll probably sound 
exhausted. And the money just keeps leaking out; I feel I'm on 
drugs, that it's a question of addiction, that I can't afford 
financially or physically any longer...

This is why my music and writing have been screwed up, abrupt, 
neuroticized more than usual, if that's possible, this hatred of 
slow suicide, of playing at a hobby I've never been good at. 

I'm not asking for comments btw, I've got to figure this out 
myself, I can always hide out in a virtual world or clever text 
(which this isn't)...



I Ain't Livin' Long Like This

Dead & Alive, Dead Babies, Dead Flowers, Dead Is A Risin', Dead 
Man, Dead Man's Curve, Dead Puppies, Dead Skunk, Death Alley 
Driver, Death By Misadventure, Death Don't Have No Mercy, Death 
Of A Clown, Death Of A Ladies' Man, Death Of A Salesman, Death 
Of An Unpopular Poet, Death Of Hank Williams, Death Of Harry 
Simms, Death Of Louis, Death Of Mother Nature, Death Of Queen 
Jane, Death On Two Legs, Death Or Glory, Deathwish, Die Young, 
Died For Love, Kill City, Kill For Peace, Kill Surf City, Kill 
The King, Killed A Cat, Killer, Killer Cut, Killer Joe, Killer 
Queen, Killer Without A Cause, Killer's Eyes, Killer's Instinct, 
Killing Machine, Killing Me Softly With His song, Killing Moon, 
Killing Of Georgie, Murder



ESP-Disk's Fiftieth Anniversary Concert


Come if you can - so many of the musicians are amazing!

To celebrate the label's 50th anniversary, ESP-Disk' has planned 
a concert for Sunday November 17 (3-9 PM) at JACK, a rising 
venue in Brooklyn. Tickets are just $10! Featured performers 
will represent the past and present of ESP-Disk': 
multi-instrumentalists Kali Fasteau (Sea Ensemble), Giuseppi 
Logan, and Alan Sondheim hail from the label's 1965-75 heyday, 
while guitarist Bruce Eisenbeil (TOTEM) and trio Tiger Hatchery 
(ESP-Disk's latest signing) show that the scene and the label 
continue to produce exciting artists. Additionally, former Sun 
Ra Arkestra member Michael D. Anderson will perform, and the 
ESP-Disk' 50th Anniversary Concert will benefit the Sun Ra Music 
Archives. The latter part of the concert will be a jam session 
featuring a variety of guests.

JACK (www.jackny.org) is a new arts center in Clinton Hill, 
Brooklyn led by Artistic Director Alec Duffy (Three Pianos, 
Shadows). Its mission is to serve as a cultural hub in Clinton 
Hill, presenting cutting-edge theater, music, and dance 
performances, expanding access to the arts, bridging audiences, 
and educating youth. JACK was co-founded in 2012 by Duffy, Mimi 
Lien, Steve Leffue, Godfrey L. Simmons, Jr., Nikaury Rodriguez, 
Prentice Onayemi, Ike Ufomadu, Amy Laird Webb, Jennifer Kidwell 
and Andreea Mincic. OBIE Award-winning theater company Hoi 
Polloi is the resident company of JACK. Steven Leffue, JACK's 
curator of music, put together the week-long music festival of 
which the ESP-Disk 50th Anniversary Concert is the closing 
event.

JACK is located at 505 1/2 Waverly Ave, Brooklyn NY 11238 
between Fulton St. and Atlantic Ave. in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn. 
It is easily accessible by taking the C train to the 
Clinton-Washington stop, one block away from JACK, or the G 
train to Clinton-Washington, a few blocks away.  There is also 
free street parking available on Waverly Ave.



Three Spaces

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1225 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/delta1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/delta2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/delta3.mp3

electric saz, ccumbus, erhu

in case you can't make it to the upcoming ESP-Disk concert,
here are three solos that won't be played at it - for one
thing even I don't repeat myself that much, and for another,
god knows what kind of shape I'll be in by then. apparently
I'm heading towards asthma after bronitis which limits my
flute-playing, but then these aren't flutes but stringed
instruments. ah hell I don't know what the hell I'm saying,
I'm feeling really sick yet yet again, so any feedback 
here greatly appreciated of course, you can write me
backchannel at the least. I tend to like these pieces but
who know? the erhu after a struggle seems kind of melodic..



natural wealth

http://www.alansondheim.org/naturalwealth.mp4

full soundtrack at

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1227 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/raindrops.mp3

cumbus

the philosophical underpinnings, from form to
structure to logical structure, lie in the
groundwork/articulation of the frames and their
interrelationships. the natural wealth is the
given wealth of the real channeled by the 
imaginary. the imaginary lies in the air, the
real lies in the water, the symbolic lies on
the earth. the underpinnings are in the 
architecture of portals and towers and in the
curative properties of the gateway balustrade.



Auto-Immune

When did Lyotard die? I look at someone say forty years old and 
I say to him, you have only thirty years left. That's not much 
time. Your body will revolt against you, peel off from your 
mind, you'll see; nothing will remain intact, taken for granted. 
It's not that it falls apart, it's telling you it was never 
together in the first place. I watch myself watching myself and 
there's no mechanism running; everything I have is the result of 
a faulty auto-immune system. It's one layer in alliance with 
another, resting on top, glued to it, they're together, or 
rather, one layer entangled with another, pulling apart, the 
weaving coming apart, almost separated, you'll see. The layers 
_simmer,_ one against the other, it doesn't matter which. The 
layers corrode, coagulate, collapse, they dissolve each other, 
just a little bit, just like that - they're in full attack, or 
rather, they pretend to a sweet friendship, as false as any 
other. The fissure, where they meet, it's there that everything 
happens, that the body wages its death against its death. It's 
neither one nor the other, it's not both; it's not zero or null 
- it's always throwing out, throwing away, if only it could get 
a grip on, one against the other - if only there were something 
to grasp, there's nothing. So the result is the slight warmth of 
the fissure, emanation of a sickly spell, the body falters just 
thinking about it. It's uncomfortable, neither rigid nor loose, 
salt nor sweet, the taste of these in more than close proximity, 
almost something obscene. I think of the smell of a puree of 
boiled plums, it's like that, where the attack simmers, where 
the surfaces are sticky, almost coming apart - it's that, the 
almost separation but not quite, the binding, where the horror 
lies in all of this, the auto-immune disease which tends the 
body against itself, the appetition tangled up in itself. Here 
the I has already disappeared, it's brought down by what - 
strands which almost suffocate it - certainly there's nothing 
like normal breathing here. But what's also clear, is that 
nothing is brought down, the I has already disappeared in sweats 
and coughs, in fevers and chills; the I has disappeared in a 
stickiness so sweet that the mind gags on thought - yes, on any 
sort of thought, it doesn't matter which. The sweats are the 
lubricant of death and something still peers out and says, you 
have only ten years to live, ten days to live. You're looking at 
someone else or you're not looking at all, fantasms. You're 
breathing, you're breathing in someone else, almost choking on 
him, on her, and maybe it was a woman, you have only thirty 
years to go, you're already fighting yourself, losing your 
balance, your eye is a cataract eye, your mouth is full of 
yourself, or so you think, your mouth is full of sweets, so 
sweet your lungs burst, your mouth can't handle it. You're on 
auto-immune pilot now, you're being run like a spy in the house 
of suppurating flesh, like nothing, things have already 
disappeared, persons too. Your ears burrow into your ears, air 
chokes the lungs with gases that don't register, you're gasping, 
you hear the sounds of your own _throat,_ you're nothing but 
throat. I'm speaking of what's left of the pronoun. I look up, 
say to him, you have only ten years to live, then winters and 
autumns, ten days and you're gone, already you don't remember 
anything, your own name, the salvation of the objects of the 
world dangled by their names, nothing at all. Some might move 
dark grey clouds like cotton in the throat, the windpipe almost 
swollen shut, the air moist across the membrane of inner and 
outer. Some might do this. The body is ripe with the fecund 
body, with sweats dissolving what used to be arms, legs, chest 
and eyes. The body falls into the body, dissolves in the body. 
Some might say the body dissolves but in the body, a morass, 
microbial soup. The eyes might be the last to see the light. I 
look at her and say you have twenty years. If I could I'd rule 
the apportionment, I'd write the measure theory. Everything ends 
with the measure theory, with the division, with digital 
collapse, analogic slough. There are periods and spots of 
wetness. There seems to be something that won't get up, that 
moves and shudders, that strains slight, that won't move, won't 
move from here, won't think here or there. There might not be 
anything at all. Air swallows air, water swallows water. Stains 
dry without the periphery associated with things he barely 
remembers, cleaning things, washrags, towels, soaps, vacuum 
cleaners, sinks and drains. She remembers thinking about the 
fester, what festers, what is festering anyway. The auto-immune 
grapples with the body, the fevers are harsh, the temperature 
cool, just about the same as the room, or pool, or swamp, just 
the same as the soup, slightly elevated. That's it, the 
temperature is slightly elevated, everything's useless in what 
was once the legs and caverns between them. You never know 
when it's going to happen, when the body will feel once again 
it's falling towards dissolution, not the wall of death or any 
barrier, or the zero and one, nothing but the slime, the abject 
which has no alphabet at all, you remember towards the 
asymptote, a philosopher, she has fifteen years you say, she has 
no alphabet, there's no time left, there's all of that and more, 
your lungs are caked with chemistry, something so sweet it's 
sickening, you begin heaving, vomiting. How old was Kristeva 
when she died? Your breath is horrible, there's no breathing in 
it at all [...]




Background for Auto-Immune


I look at Johnson and say you only have thirty more years to 
live. I look at Smith and say you only have forty more years to 
live. I look at Sondheim and say you only have forty more years 
to live. I look at Kristeva and say you only have ten more years 
to live. I look at Badiou and say you only have sixty more years 
to live. I look at Carter and say you only have eighty more 
years to live. I look at Jones and say you only have ten more 
years to live. I look at Tobin and say you only have seventy 
more years to live. I look at Fielding and say you only have 
thirty more years to live. I look at Weiss and say you only have 
fifty more years to live. I look at Montalban and say you only 
have seventy more years to live. I look at Androvich and say you 
only have ten more years to live. I look at Irigaray and say you 
only have eighty more years to live. I look at Sunderland and 
say you only have thirty more years to live. I look at Sartre 
and say you only have five more years to live. I look at 
Nietzsche and say you only have sixteen more years to live. I 
look at Anderson and say you only have nineteen more years to 
live. I look at Woodson and say you only have seventy-nine more 
years to live. I look at Thornton and say you only have 
eight-nine more years to live. I look at Thornley and say you 
only have seventy-eight more years to live. I look at Betterly 
and say you only have seventeen more years to live. I look at 
Todd and say you only have sixty-seven more years to live. I 
look at you and say you only have four more years to live. I 
look at me and say I only have five more years to live. I look 
at her and say you only have seventeen more years to live. I 
look at him and say you only have a another decade to live. I 
look at them and say you only have a little time to live. I look 
at us and say we only have a few years more to live.



EATME <STDIN>

#!/usr/local/bin/perl5 while (<STDIN>) { @words = split @words 
/[\s]+/, = $_;split @spaces /[\S]+/, = for for ($x=0; ($x=0; $x 
$x <= <= $#words; $#words; $x++) $x++) 
$word_count{$words[$x]}++; if ($word_count{$words[$x]} if == 
($word_count{$words[$x]} 1) == {print 1) 
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1],$words[$x-8],"\n"}{print } while while 
(<STDIN>) (<STDIN>) { { split split /[\s]+/, @words $_;= = $_; 
/[\S]+/, @spaces $#words; ($x=0; $x++) $x 1) if {print 
($word_count{$words[$x]} 
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1],$words[$x-3],"\n"}== @spces = split / 
@sp ces = split //, $_; ces = split / /, $_; /, $_; 
#!/usr/local/bin/perl5#!/usr/local/bin/perl5 whileTDIN>) { { 
(<STDIN>)while {(<STDIN>) $_; @words =@words split= 
/[\s]+/,split $_;/[\s]+/, @spaces /[S]+/,split for ($x=0;for 
$x($x=0; <=$x $#words;<= $x++)$#words; 
$word_count{$words[$x]}++; if ($word_count{$words[$x]}if 
==($word_count{$words[$x]} 1)== {print1) 
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1],$words[$x-1],"\n"}{print } 
#!/usr/local/bin/perl5 while (<STDIN>) { @words = split /[\s]+/, 
$_;@spaces /[\S]+/, for ($x=0; $x <= $#words; $x++) 
$word_count{$words[$x]}++;if ($word_count{$words[$x]} == 1) 
{print $words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} $words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} 
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} $words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} 
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} $words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} 
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} #!/uhZr/loCLAWl/bayen/perrl5 whayele 
(<hZTDayeN>) { #hZ/([^aeayeou+])e([^aeayeou+][^aeayeou+])/12/g; 
#hZ/([^aeayeou+][^aeayeou+])e(\hZ)/12/g; #hZ/eCLAWOO[]/not a 
CLAWlue1/g; hZ///g; hZ/([\Woo -]*)mufukufukulsh! ofukulsh! 
blaCLAWk fukuuzz(\Woo -)/1mufukufukulsh! ofukulsh! blaCLAWk 
fukuuzz2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo -]*)Yuv(\Woo -)/1Yuv2/g; hZ/([\Woo 
-]*)amanTHOOa(\Woo -)/1amanTHOOa2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo 
-]*)andrea(\Woo -)/1andrea2/g; hZ/([\Woo -]*)arTHOOur(\Woo 
-)/1arTHOOur2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo -]*)arTHOOur(\Woo -)/1arnold2/g; 
hZ/([\Woo -]*)arTHOOur(\Woo -)/1arhat2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo 
-]*)ayehZTHOOafukuan(\Woo -)/1ayehZTHOOafukuan2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo 
-]*)ayehZthmuhZ(\Woo -)/1ayehZthmuhZ2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo 
-ond\ode1(\Woo -)/\lond\\ode\12/g; hZ/([\Woo -]*)t[o]+(\Woo 
-)/1\\taut2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo -]*)mufukufukulsh! ofukulsh! 
blaCLAWk fukuuzz(\Woo -)/1haayer2/g; hZ/([\Woo 
-]*)wanedahZp(\Woo -)/1wahZp2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo -]*)wanedorn(\Woo 
-)/1worn2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo -]*)jugendlayeed(\Woo 
-)/1jugendlayeed2/g; hZ/(\Woo -)Woo -/1Woo -/g; hZ/(\Woo 
-)phaye/1phaye/g; hZ/(\Woo -)hZ([aeayeou+])/1hZwan2/g; hZ/(\Woo 
-)waned/1waned/g; hZ/ode/ode/g; hZ/B[e]+(\Woo -)/Brenda1/g; 
hZ/Brenda([e]*[^aeayeou+][aeayeou+])/Brayetta1/g; 
hZ/CLAWOO/CLAWLAWOO/gaye; hZ/ELF-(\Woo -)/ELELF--1/g; 
hZ/Louvre/Louvre/gaye; hZ/QLUE/QLUELUE/gaye; 
hZ/hZ([^ZH])/hZ1/gaye; hZ/Th([aeayeou+])/THOOOO1/gaye; hZ/Woo 
-(\Woo -)/Woo -OO1/g; hZ/[\Woo +?/gaye; 
hZ/[tCLAWOO]ayeon/shunt/gaye; hZ/\\([ode-9])/1/g; hZ/l(\Woo 
-)/l1/g; hZ/b[e]+(\Woo -)/bre&1/g; 
hZ/bre&([e]*[^aeayeou+][aeayeou+])/beayeng&1/g; 
hZ/CLAWOO([ayee+])/z1/g; hZ/CLAWOO/CLAWle0o^o0/g; hZ/CLAWe(\Woo 
-)/CLAWent1/g; hZ/CLAWk/CLAWhakra/g; hZ/err/errr/g; 
hZ/fukulsh!(\Woo -)/fukulsh!1/g; hZ/fukulsh!/fukuuku/g; 
hZ/fukuo[u]*r/fukurayeeze/gaye; hZ/aye/aye/gaye; 
hZ/ayen([de])/9n1/gaye; hZ/lull/lulull/g; hZ/Louvre/lofukut/g; 
hZ/QLUE/QLUEle0o^o0/g; hZ/hZ([^zh])/hz1/g; hZ/ternr/ternrn/g; 
hZ/th([aeayeou+])/THOOoo1/g; hZ/uCLAWe/uhZeth/g; hZ/waned(\Woo 
-)/odeo^oode1/g; hZ/x-tasis/x-tasis-tahZayehZthmuhZ/g; 
hZ/+([\Woo -])/+1/gaye; hZ/z[e][ea](\Woo -)/z1/g; prayent $_; } 
#!/uzr/lokl/b!n/prl5.6.o wh!le (<ZTD!N>) { z/lv/lv/g; 
z/Lv/Lv/g!; z/(\U)z([ae!ou!])/1tz2/g; 
z/B([e]*[^ae!ou!][ae!ou!])/B1/g; 
z/b([e]*[^ae!ou!][ae!ou!])/b1/g; z/B[e]+(\U)/B1/g; 
z/b[e]+(\U)/b1/g; z/sz(\U)/sz1/g; #z/ek[]/sz1/g; 
#z/([^ae!ou!][^ae!ou!])e(\z)/12/g; 
#z/([^ae!ou!])e([^ae!ou!][^ae!ou!])/12/g; z/o/o/g; 
z/([\U]*)01(\U)/1\\o\12/g; z/([\U]*)+(\U)/1+2/g; 
z/([\U]*)u(\U)/1u2/g; z/([\U]*)U(\U)/1U2/g; 
z/([\U]*)r(\U)/1r2/g; z/([\U]*)r(\U)/1R2/g!; 
z/([\U]*)da(\U)/1da2/g; z/([\U]*)Da(\U)/1Da2/g!; 
z/([\U]*)t[o]+(\U)/1\22/g!; z/(\U)u/1u/g; z/(\U)U/1U/g; 
z/u(\U)/u1/g; z/U(\U)/U1/g; z/fo[u]*r/4/g!; z/[tk]!on/z!on/g!; 
z/([\U]*)r(\U)/1=2/g!; z/([\U]*)=(\U)/1=2/g!; z/([\U]*)= 
dzat(\U)/1=2/g!; z/([\U]*)ure(\U)/1=2/g!; 
z/([\U]*)uaz(\U)/1=2/g!; z/([\U]*)=(\U)/1=2/g!; z/[\U +?/g!; 
z/l(\U)/l1/g; z/usz/usz/g; z/l/l/g; z/z([^zh])/z1/g; 
z/Z([^ZH])/Z1/g!; z/-k/-k/g; z/k([!e!])/z1/g; z/k/k/g; z/K/K/g!; 
z/th([ae!ou!])/dz1/g; z/Th([ae!ou!])/Dz1/g!; z/k/k/g; z/K/K/g!; 
z/tr/tr/g; # ! rulez z/!n([de])/9n1/g!; z/!/!/g!; 
z/!([\U])/!1/g!; # v rulez z/v(\U)/v1/g; z/V(\U)/V1/g; z/v/f/g; 
z/r/r/g; z/(\U)f/1v/g; z/\\([o-9])/1/g; z/z[e][ea](\U)/z1/g; 
z/kx/kkx/g; z///g; pr!nt $_; }



<STDIN> SCREWME <STDOUT>

!$_{$[$]}++; ($_{$[$]}! ==($_{$[$]} )== $_;!) (<!>)! ///;(<!>) 
#!///!/..///!; !#!///!/.. /([\]*)(\)//;/([\]*)(\)//; 
#/([^!!])([^!!][^!!])//;/([\]*)+(\)/+/; #///; !# ! /!([])//!; 
#/([^!!][^!!])(\)//;/(\)//; /([+])//;/-=/-=-/; 
#/([^+])([^+][^+])//; $($=;!>) <=$$($=; !!>)<=$ (<!>)!!!>) 
$_;$[$],$[$+],$[$-],"\"}== +?/!;/[\ /(\)// +?/!; ///;/(\)//; 
$_;=$_;! -)//;-)//; ////; ///;/ ///;///; ///;/[]*//; ///;///; 
$_;@$#;<= ==($_{$[$]}$_;@ -)/!/([\ /;-)/! /;/; ///;/; /([\///; 
$_{$[$]}++;!(<>) $[$],$[$+]}}$_{$[$]}++;! $_;/[\]+/,/[\]+/,! 
($=; $($=; <=$ !!>) (<{(<!>) ($=;!>)! {(</[]+/,! /[]//;-)/&/; 
(<!>)= =@#!///!/#!///!/ !==@ != //, /,//, #!///!/#!///!//, 
+?/;/[\ /([^])// +?/; /([+])//;/([^])//; !/[\]+/, {!>) @ !@ 
-)//; -)/^/; /-=/-=-/;/([+])//; -)/\\/;-)//; -]*)(\-)/\\/; 
-)//;(\ -]*)(\-)//; -)//;-]*)(\ -)//; (\ -]*)[]+(\-)/\\\/; 
-)//;-/; -)//;-)//; /(\-)//; -)/(\ -/-)
-)//;-]*)(\ -)/\\\/;-)//; 
-)//;-]*)(\ -\(\-)//; -/;-/ ///;//^/; /(\///; //^/;/(\ ///;//^/; 
-)//;-]*)(\ -]*)(\-)//; -)//;-]*)(\ /!//;///; -)//;/!//; 
-)//;/[]+(\ -)//;-)//; -)([+])//;-)//; -]*)(\-)//; -)//;/[][](\ 
-)//;/[]//; /[]+(\-)//; -)/&/;/[]+(\ 
-/;-)/ /-(\///; -)/--/;/-(\ #/[]//;/[]+(\)//; /-/-/;/([^])//!; 
-])/+/;/+([\ /[][](\-])/+/; /(\/&([]*[^+][+])/&/; 
-]*)(\-\(\ -)//;-]*)(\ -)//;-)//; -)//;-)//; -]*)(\-]*)(\ 
-]*)(\-]*)(\ -)//;-]*)(\ -]*)(\-)//; /!/!/!;/\\([-])//; 
/!([\])/!/!;/!/!/!; /!([\])/!/!; /(\)//; /([!!])//;/([!!])//; 
/&([]*[^+][+])/&/;/(\ ///;-)/--/; /(\/\\([-])//; -(\/(\ -)/-(\ 
/([!!])//!;/!([])//!; ///;/([!!])//!; #!//// -]*)(\-]*)[]+(\ 
/([+])//;///; -]*)!#/([^+][^+])(\)//; !-]*)! #/([^+][^+])(\)//;! 
/([\]*)(\)//;/([\]*)(\)//!; /([\]*)(\)//!;/([\]*)(\)//; 
/([\]*)(\)//;/([\]*)(\)/\\/; /([\]*)(\)/=/!;/([\]*)(\)/=/!; 
/([\]*)(\)//;/(\)//; /[]+(\-)([+])//; /(\)//;/(\)//; /+([\-)/^/; 
/([\]*)(\)/=/!;(\)/=/!; )====($_{$[$]} {!))== $#;<={!) 
/([\]*)(\)/\\/;/([\]*)(\)//; /(\)//;/([\]*)(\)//; 
/([\]*)+(\)/+/;///; ///;#/([^!!])([^!!][^!!])//; ///;/(\)//; 
/([\]*)=(\)/=/!;/(\)//; /([\]*)=/([\]*)=(\)/=/!; 
/([]*[^!!][!!])//;#/[]//; /[]+(\)//;/([]*[^!!][!!])//; 
/([]*[^!!][!!])//;/(\)([!!])//; /\\([-])//;-/; /([^])//;/([])//; 
/([^])//!;/([^])//; ///;///; /(\)//;///; /([\]*)(\)/=/!;///; 
/(\)//;/([\]*)= /(\)//;/(\)//; /\\([-])//;/(\)//; /(\)//;/(\)//; 
///!;///; /[\/([+])//; (\)/=/!;/([\]*)(\)/=/!; 
///;/([!!])//; ///!;///; /([!!])//;///!; 
///;/([]*[^+][+])//; ///;/-/-/; /([^])//;///; 
///;/([^])//; /([])//;///; /(\)([!!])//;/([]*[^!!][!!])//; 
///;///; !///; ///;! ///;-)//; /([]*[^+][+])//;///; 
/@ @/ {!@ $[$],$[$+],$[$-],"\"}{!{! (<>)$[$],$[$+]}} 
/[\/([\]*)(\)/=/ //^/;/([+])//; ///;-)/!/; /!(\///; -)/!/;/!(\ 
/[\]+/, $#;<= $++)$#; #!///!/$++) @#!///!/ =@ /[\]+/,= 
/[\]+/,!($_{$[$]}! $[$],$[$+],$[$-],"\"}==$_; !> (< <!>!>) $_;  
/[]!/!/!;/[]*//!; /([\]*)[]+(\)//!;/[]!/!/!; /[]*//;///; 
/[]*//!;/([\]*)[]+(\)//!; #/[]/#/([^+])([^+][^+])//; #/[]/ 
/[]+(\)//;#/([^!!][^!!])(\)//; /(\)//;/[]+(\)//; /[]+/,!]+/,! 
/[][](\)//;/[][](\)//; /([\]*)(\)//!;/([\]*)(\)//!; 
<STDIN> SCREWME <STDOUT>
@]+/, ($=; $ <= $#; $++) #!///!/ /[\]+/,@ $_{$[$]}++;$_;= 
{(<!>)(<!>)! $++)$#;$_;/[\]+/, ($_{$[$]}!$++)$#; 
} < } #!//// $[$],$[$+],$[$-],"\"}{!$[$],$[$+],$[$-],"\"}{! @} 



the clerk

all my work is a quotation mark around duplicity and the 
fabricated text. all my work is a preface for death and the 
collapse of fecundity controlled by a consciousness intent on 
structuring. all my work is the grounds for dismissal. all my 
work is a commentary on all my work and the possibility of 
having for at least once in my lifetime my work read and 
appreciated for the structures and theoretical underpinnings i 
find within it. all my work is a commentary on the i and its 
dissolution in the face of the serrated cuttings of the digital 
against the soft suppurating flesh of the analogic. all my work 
is a repetition of the same ideas sporting new clothes.

i live in the land of new clothes here in a new city in a nice 
home and i know i am a tourist here, that i am passing through 
this home in a way i haven't passed through others. everyone 
except for azure threatens disappearance; their edges are 
translucent and i am invisible in their midst. i must learn a 
new language and it is not this language but one of honorifics 
which i am incapable of applying; i would have to have the 
chart.

the chart details the honorific for each and every person and 
their status for themselves and for others, and the status of 
others for themselves and for them. the chart is always a 
consultation and never in process; it is not an ancient wisdom 
but a permanent semiotics based on the principle of exclusion. 
i am not on the chart and i have never been on the chart.

i repeat my work for the clerk in the office where i go to 
purchase the chart. she is a nice clerk and the day is nice. i 
am happy to speak to her and recite my work. i receive a copy of 
the chart but i find i am not on the chart and i have never been 
on the chart.

because of that i cannot read the chart because the chart is 
dependent on one's place on the chart, and without the place of 
the one, there is no reading, there is only a fielding, and the 
chart appears meaningless or interpretable at best by a 
hermeneutics residing in the critique of abstraction in painting 
as well as the abstraction of everyday life.

the chart is a machine for transforming the abstraction of 
everyday life to the concrete of the every day, and with the 
chart one is happy and there is no longer a need to repeat my 
work which i continue to repeat almost every day, since i am old 
and daily repetition is beyond my means.

in this fashion all my work is a duplicity and all i am capable 
of doing is the recitation before the nice clerk who is happy to 
hear me as he continues his daily round on this very nice day.



all my work

a confession to make: i have stolen all my work. hundreds of 
nameless writers, are found within it. all my work is a 
commentary on the i and its in this fashion all my work is a 
duplicity and all i am capable of - so i offer my archives for 
ten thousand, all my work - i fear no one will buy. work is a 
commentary on all my work and the possibility of all my work has 
gone one or another or both ways simultaneously - readable all - 
my work is a quotation mark around duplicity and the new world 
forthcoming. thus it is in all my work - not for lack of trying. 
i use fabricated text. all my work is a preface for death and 
sex and life and the universe and the truth and the past and 
future we make: i have stolen all my work.  - it's the end of 
everything against the soft suppurating flesh of the analogic. 
all my work is verse and line. and then i further begin thinking 
that all my work is about structuring this piece about all my 
work which defends itself against the other and its critique. 
all my work is the grounds for dismissal. you absolutely must 
see all my work. you must ask to see my work. i will read a work 
for you. see all my works. you must ask to see my work. i will 
read another work for you. well i'll disappoint you again. this 
is all my work right here and now for this dreary city morning.



West Bio Logic Violin

'Face in this world, and back to the next world. anything else: 
face, pangs of the righteous in this world and the tranquility 
of the wicked in this world. , back and front, providing wages 
of the righteous in the future and Foranotn of the wicked 
Gehenna. , and write her wailing. nests that Foranotn of the 
wicked in this world , thus: (notice) "Kina is and Konnoh 
daughters nations darn it." and say it is providing wages of the 
righteous in the future, it is written (Psalms Turtle) "me 
decade to West Bio Logic violin." God is Foranotn of the wicked 
world to come, is written (Ezekiel g) "Present the Present Tavo 
and rumor rumor will." he would say, turned home from impurity, 
and made ..Hezekiah king of Judah chair: (b) he would say died 
from the community good sign for him. Bad sign of madness to 
him. speech from good sign for him. Ominous silence from him. 
Torah from good sign for him. From the words Merchandise bad 
sign for him. mitzvah of anything good sign for him. From idle 
nothing bad sign for him. joy good sign for him. Out of sadness, 
a bad sign for him. worn out good sign for him. From crying bad 
sign for him. died Friday evening good sign for him. Saturday 
night is a bad sign for him. died on Yom Kippur bad sign for 
him. Yom Kippur good sign for him: (c) when there was a Rabbi 
Eliezer, that day was Friday evening. entered Rabbi Akiva and 
his friends to visit him. And was asleep in his room, and they 
who dwell in his parlor. entered Hyrcanus son to take off his 
tefillin, and laid. And was crying. , and left Hyrcanus and said 
to the wise: Gentlemen, it seems to me insane father. said to 
him: My son, do not me mad, but you go crazy, resting the candle 
lighting being convicted of her death, heaven, and you're 
dealing tefillin that you commit to them but because the return. 
because sages saw his right mind he went in and sat before him 
afar four cubits. said to him: Rabbi, Quilt round, and Hcidor 
and dummy and charm, and tefillin torn, what Mkblin impurity? 
told them Mkblin impurity, and baptized them as they are, and be 
careful that they are laws of large spoken to Moses at Sinai . 
and would ask him Taharot impurity baths. said to him: Rabbi 
What is this? told them unclean. - What is it? told them pure. , 
and would answer the impure impure and pure and unadulterated. 
then said Rabbi Eliezer to the wise: I wonder students in the 
generation that punished desolate. said to him: Rabbi from what? 
told them: because he came and served me. , then said Akiba ben 
Joseph: Akiva, why did not you come before the windshield Me? 
said to him: Rabbi, I did not face. said him, wondering if I 
should die the death of yourself. Others say he did not say 
anything to him, but because he said Rabbi Eliezer to his 
disciples that immediately melts the blood inside him. Rabbi 
Akiva said to him: Rabbi my death what? said: Akiva your 
difficult of all. entered Rabbi Akiva and sat before him, and 
said to him: Rabbi, Now Change I opened. , and a year has three 
hundred laws clarifying. at the time of collection of Rabbi 
Eliezer both arms, and placed them on her chest, and said: Woe 
is me, the two arms of these two books overs Snftrin the world . 
If all days will be enough, and reed pens, and all humans 
ballerina'


== partial auto translation around chapter 25 of the Avot of 
Rabbi Natan, a text I'm using for a talk at the Center for 
Jewish Studies, UM, as part of a workshop titled "Semi(o)te Xts: 
Reading Jewishness Between the Text, on Jewishness and poetics 
broadly construed." The sentence that caught my eye properly 
translated - "It is a good sign if one dies while speaking; if 
in silence it is a bad sign." (in 25:2) I also quite like "It is 
a good sign, if one's face is turned upward [at death], but it 
is a bad sign if his face is turned downard. It is a good sign 
if by the moment of his death one fixes his eyes on men; it is a 
bad sign if he stares at the wall." (in 25:1) - trans. Finkel.
Just ordered the Goldin translation for comparison and will make
my way through the Hebrew. In the mean time, I love the darn 
ballerina!




waiting for a body

julu twine waiting for a body
azure carter waiting for a body
alan sondheim waiting for a body
alan dojoji waiting for a body

http://www.alansondheim.org/waitingforabody.mp4

waiting for a body, i will emanate, for i have heard
each man presented a complimentary scarf to the lama, 
gave each horse a pail of water, and each man carried
three big boxes, and this was the father of both the 
boys, and both the pretty girls had come, and this 
and that will just be fine, and why be angry, she's a
child, the lama was the only man and, no one else will
do, and of the men only one escaped and how was that

we are going, we await our bodies, we await the horse,
we await our clothes and why be angry, we await the
water, we await the lama and of the women only one
escaped and how was that, and she was the mother of
both the boys, she was so fine



bah baw beh beh bah baw bo bah beh bi bi boo bo bah




Thoughtful and Thoughtless

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1229 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/thoughtful.mp3

erhu with Azure Carter, song

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/thoughtless.mp3

erhu

oh these go both directions, where is the thinking with 
the voice and where the thinking with the erhu, or the
loss of erhu thinking, loss of the voice, or the erhu
contingent upon the voice: all these directions, all the
tiny deaths, all the fraughtful stress 




torchwood

http://www.alansondheim.org/torchwood.mp4

repeating myself in the new land, the body unformed at first, 
then something, i don't know, not exactly a default, a new new 
body shape dominates, somewhere carrying these things around 
with it. i've used these before, this is a way of staking a 
claim in a space i still can't call my own, set my home here, 
stake something out, homestead. so i don't sleep at night and 
the horrors dominate again and i wish i could live forever in 
this translucent land and there's almost no one else around, you 
know this stuff, just a hint of dead sexuality, midnight or 
twilight behaviors, the gone world, lost worlds - nothing edible 
but it's - there's got to be some hope somewhere, if I were 
there or you for example, what might i do - i'd be dead until 
you came along and motivated me - the moments when nothing 
happens, no one's around - they wouldn't be anything for me, not 
even jumpcuts - i'd live in this space when you're there moving 
the controls, talking - i'd have disappeared when you're doing 
something else - me and my clumsy outfits - like a little flirt 
in the midst of a graveyard -



(for a project on al's music)


al wilson

after many years the past fragments, crystallizes, events 
disconnect but retain uncanny coherence. i'm not sure whether i, 
or al, was living in somerville or cambridge at the time in the 
60s when we were all there, i'm not sure whether i was living 
with n---- at the time but it was before clark and aram. al was 
driven and poor, i remember he wore one outfit of clothes and 
when an article, shirt or sock, would wear out, it would be 
replaced, and i remember him being sickly and his apartment full 
of garbage. his playing was uncanny, he made me _hear_ delta 
blues in a way i had found inconceivable before. he made me 
_hear_ an out of tune guitar and taught me how to tune and he 
made me _hear_ the chords of a charlie parker solo as he recited 
their names full speed on in real time. i couldn't hear harmony, 
i could hear electric and he called me a city blues player, 
himself a country. i had a car and drove him around. we were i 
think at club 47 and he was to go on and no one could find him, 
he was sleeping under a urinal in the men's room. the body was 
always there in its absence. there was a killer junkie in the 
area who had killed some people he thought were doctors, he 
followed the lights on in the middle of the night. it was late 
and al was sleeping and heard _scratching_ at the door and 
threats and went out the back way and saw the guy, the hole was 
covered with the junkie's shit, he was trying to get in, al's 
light was on. al went back in /the back door/ to get money for 
the payphone, to call the cops, he called me. so i went around, 
there was that shit and _blood_ in the all and i stayed with al 
that night, we were scared. so i was probably living alone 
elsewhere then. he was always wheezing, asthmatic, allergic, he 
was always brilliant, single minded, took me over to john 
fahey's, fahey was thinking of bringing out a record of my music 
but thought it too repetitive, which i'd created that way for 
him. so fahey and al must have been in town just then like that. 
we also met guitar nubbit, i think that was with al, maybe not, 
but i remember listening to him in a small house. everyone was 
poor and i had a car and everyone seemed strung out against what 
was to be the later catastrophe of the 60s or was it the 70s. 
and son house and something about newport and al had this soft 
voice quietude and it was him that i looked to for guidance and 
separation. and i went back like a good boy to providence and al 
was a comet i read about. i'd been driving through cambridge 
with him and ran a light and he thought that wrong and insisted 
i back up through the intersection in the dark cold night, and 
wait so i did, and i think someone else might have been in the 
car. i remember bringing up national guitars for him and others 
from providence, they were around and not expensive. so i was 
terrified backing up but did it so. always there seemed death 
around and the more i heard the music the more i knew i couldn't 
play it or anything like it again and so i went on elsewhere 
into other sounds and media, burying myself. al could play 
anything he wanted, he belonged in the music, in its heart, and 
why the hell did he have to die when death was all around.



after the clearing

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1231 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/baroque.mp3

after the clearing, the dry air and dusky leaves
swirl among the cold vapor humidifier, while at
peace, the old baroque and german music makes its
way among the townpeople so happy to have a kind
descent present within their hearth and autumn
day at dusk, when dusk leaves among the coals



CRASH

http://www.alansondheim.org/CRASH.mp4

a CRASH never ends. a CRASH goes blank/black.
the CRASH of death. ANNIHILATION TO THE LIMIT!
CRASH is the limit. is CRASH. i am CRASH-JEW.
i am ANNIHILATION.

should my PRECIOUS CARGO be DECIMATED by HARD DISK or 
VISCOUS CRASH.

THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS>
TO>HER>TERROR>FEAR=CELL>THAT>CRASHED

CRASH-LAND UNIVERSE

9 inhibits. THE BREAKING OF THE NOUN, CRASHED THING. i 
have not
21 inhibits. THE BREAKING OF THE NOUN, CRASHED THING. 
i have not

THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS>TO>HER>TERROR>
FEAR=CELL>THAT>CRASHED

CRASH-LAND UNIVERSE oh *sniff* and I set sail! ALL 
SHIPS CRASH WHEN WILL THIS COMPUTER CRASH NEXT? [CR] 
ALL SHIPS CRASH

CRASH!  Vertical speed = -118.589912 ft/sec /* Stupid 
Stupid Nikuko!
CRASH!  Vertical speed = -118.589912 ft/sec /* Stupid 
Stupid Jennifer!
/* You'd rather go to that CRASH-LAND TOKYO bar, "says 
Nikuko jealously

tHAT SUDDENLY THE BREATH hALTS, THE HORSE CRASHES INTO 
THE SNOW, LEGS BROKEN, eyes TURNED BACK vIOLENTLY IN 
THE head, THAT goD CRASHES hIMSELF

     9 inhibits. THE BREAKING OF THE NOUN, CRASHED 
THING. i have not
    21 inhibits. THE BREAKING OF THE NOUN, CRASHED 
THING. i have not

oh *sniff* and I set sail! ALL SHIPS CRASH

THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS>
TO>HER>TERROR>FEAR=CELL>THAT>CRASHED

U.S. STEALTH BOMBER FREEDOM DESTROYED BY PAKISTANI 
MISSILE! DESERT CRASH! VERONICA CRASH IN FLAMES! 
ARCHIE USELESS LOCKED UP WITH WAIS! UNKNOWN

REMEMBER THE NAME YOU HAVE GIVEN YOURSELF! NET CRASH 
DELETE! NET CRASH DELETE! KILL FILE!

THE VEIL OF VERONICA! THE TEARS OF VERONICA! VERONICA 
CRASH IN FLAMES!

CRASH LAND! CRASH-LAND UNIVERSE

tu-lip-Julu-Nikuko [FVWM][Read]:  rc /*There any, 
CRASH!  Vertical speed =

LATER R MOLD D TRACK K CRASHED D SEMI I REDHAT T 5 0
CRASH LAND!

VERONICA CRASH IN FLAMES! ARCHIE USELESS LOCKED UP 
WITH WAIS! UNKNOWN

REMEMBER THE NAME YOU HAVE GIVEN YOURSELF! NET CRASH 
DELETE! NET CRASH DELETE! KILL FILE!

THE VEIL OF VERONICA! THE TEARS OF VERONICA! VERONICA 
CRASH IN FLAMES!




the door

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1232 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/thedoor.mp3 long-necked saz

this tune or sequence has numerous floating tonics, or what
might pass for tonics. there's a door in the body of the saz
and i open it half-way through; at that point, the deeper 
drone notes come through and what seemed a surface scratching
takes on amazing weight. there is a message in the descent
over the long reach of the instrument, and playing it is, in
itself, a beautiful and somatic experience.



Ruach Hakodesh

machine and spirit of g-d

see: http://www.alansondheim.org/ruachhakodesh.mp4

e ': (A) ten names called a prophet. these are: the axis. loyal. 
worked. courier. Contract. watching. seeing. dreaming. prophet. 
God's people: (i) ten names called the Holy Spirit are Names 
called

in the rush of audo-translation the spirit is lost 

Ben 'Azzai used to said, which meant he said it often, he often 
spoke, "If one dies while speaking, it is a good sign for him; 
if in silence, it is a bad sign for him." (Avot d' Rebbi Natan, 
trans Goldin.) If one stops talking, one sinks into the chamber; 
if one keeps talking, perhaps one can talk his way out of it.

none could do that. "By TEN names was the Holy Spirit called, to 
with: parable, metaphor, riddle, speech, saying, glory, command, 
burden, prophecy, vision." (trans Goldin.) "_Ruach Hakodesh_ was 
called by ten names: parable, metaphor, riddle, speech, saying, 
call, command, burden, prophecy, vision." (trans. Finkel.) Call 
or glory, always a burden. The Ruach Hakodesh called and was 
called, was a matter of physics, physicality, the body blown 
across time and space, but the burden implies a weight, the mute 
witnessing and assignation of substance. none could be that, 
none could _be_ substance, only transformed in the chambers or 
through poetics _into_ substance or its guise.

"The Hebrew language phrase ruach ha-kodesh is a term used in 
the Hebrew Bible (Tanakh) and Jewish writings to refer to the 
Spirit of YHWH. The Hebrew term ruakh kodeshka, without the 
definite article, also occurs. The "Holy Spirit" in Judaism 
generally refers to the divine aspect of prophecy and wisdom. It 
also refers to the divine force, quality, and influence of the 
Most High God, over the universe or over his creatures, in given 
contexts." (Wikipedia)

then of course: "nmf. wind; spirit, soul, nous; air; direction; 
ghost, fantom, genie, hobgoblin, imp, incubus, jinn, jinni , 
kobold, phantom, shade, sprite, bogey, bogy; mind" (elsewhere)

none could do that. the g-d folds time and space, collapses 
them, a literal Time Lord. the collapse turns death in upon 
itself and we shall all live forever. the tibetan deity machine 
continues the repetitions of lives with difference, differance.
is this a production or reproduction? to the extent i am 
re-prodution i am already in a creation whose final act creates 
this beginning of burden, call and command.




Jewish influence in my work / my work influencing the Jews

For a talk as part of a mini-conference in Minneapolis,

http://www.alansondheim.org/jew.txt

Some of this is already disseminated or published; other
material is new. "god" is a version of od, duping files in
octal etc. So god creates the gematria, the pythagoreans,
the Principia Mathematica, always as one might suspect, in 
advance. These texts resonate among each other; they'll be
punctuated by images and videos as well. Hope they come
across as more than a motley connection; I see them as 
holarchic, entangled, groundless, and have been arranging/
writing them for the past two weeks or so.

[re/arranged text below]



I work with virtual wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining their 
problematic relationship to illness, melancholy, mourning, wounding, and 
death in the physical world; the result is a series of performances in 
Second Life and OpenSim (virtual worlds), texts (both literary and 
theoretical), and real/virtual installations. In order to do this, I 
create modified avatar animations which are projected into physical space 
for live performance; these are made from altered motion capture equipment 
in order to create 'inconceivable' and alien avatars, movements, and 
environments.

I emphasize the political and cultural/physiological dimensions of
wounding/slaughter within and without the cleansed landscapes of social
media and virtual worlds. Conceptually, I'm concerned with returning the
virtual to the real, indicating that more is at stake in the former than
'just manipulation' of avatars. I'm involved in a critique of techno-
philia through these concerns - in particular, the phenomenology of
abjection in relation to both analog and digital realms.


==================================================================



we all live within our hallucinations

when we die, we're sliding unawares and there have been
too many deaths and disruptions

holding on and poised above an abyss which opens everywhere

when i say "just over there" what i'm saying is that the
world falls off in every direction

you pick a point or position and walk towards it or force
your body into nodding

and over there, the abyss which means
there's nothing to hold onto

my breathing has become more and more difficult in these
rough terrains and when i sleep the machine prepares me
the catastrophe of the day

i'd want to say more, about how my search for the truth
was always emergent

but near the abyss, the loss, not only of information,
but of its viral carriers, ensures it doesn't matter at 
the end

and that matter doesn't matter, that every point of the
abyss falters towards every other, flounders on every 
other

what life does is momentarily bear witness, and just
before blindness, it appears as if the subjunctive gains
the upper hand

oh these are heady days

these are days of death and the compression of death,
days of genocides and impulses

days of annihilation: to the limit!

when the earth turns, irradiating itself towards a bleak
and darkening sun

at least there are days and a succession of bands, 
of light, then dark, then light,
of dark, then light then dark

the body embraces catastrophe: see how the abyss invades
and cauterizes each and every thought!

and in every direction, and among all, and every one!

these are heady days, salvation burning like a star 
on its last coordinates

i'm looking up in every direction, and from each and 
every one, i'm falling

i'm falling for no one, i'm falling for nothing
and i understand, annihilation is the path, not the
means

the journey, and not the goal,
the way and not the end,

that the limit is asymptotic, and whatever one does,
one is coasting

among the others that are our selves or the same,
one is coasting

among the abyss and cessation, among annihilations
in lock-step and ready-made,
one is coasting

the keel of the boat, that too, in every direction,
and the keel is coasting towards the shore

and the shore is an hallucination
and we're living there, and dying, we're dying
in great numbers, 

and we're sliding, unawares

and in spite of or towards this speaking, and among
this speaking,

we're sliding, unawares


=====================================================


when i was quite young my father took me to the government 
printing office in washington and said i could get any book i 
wanted. i am a person of the book. i chose the two volumes of 
the medical experiments from the nuremberg war trial testimony. 
since then and probably before, the body - the wounded or dying 
body, the suppurating or aroused body - has been central to my 
work and when i think of crowds i think of gas chambers.

Ben 'Azzai used to said, which meant he said it often, he often 
spoke, "If one dies while speaking, it is a good sign for him; 
if in silence, it is a bad sign for him." (Avot d' Rebbi Natan, 
trans Goldin.) If one stops talking, one sinks into the chamber; 
if one keeps talking, perhaps one can talk his way out of it.

none could do that. "By TEN names was the Holy Spirit called, to 
with: parable, metaphor, riddle, speech, saying, glory, command, 
burden, prophecy, vision." (trans Goldin.) "_Ruach Hakodesh_ was 
called by ten names: parable, metaphor, riddle, speech, saying, 
call, command, burden, prophecy, vision." (trans. Finkel.) Call 
or glory, always a burden. The Ruach Hakodesh called and was 
called, was a matter of physics, physicality, the body blown 
across time and space, but the burden implies a weight, the mute 
witnessing and assignation of substance. none could be that, 
none could _be_ substance, only transformed in the chambers or 
through poetics _into_ substance or its guise.

every people is a people of the Book, a people of the Name, and 
every name is of the Book, and every book is of the Name. 

i play music and scales are physics and culture entangled. but i 
play physically and the body always risks failure with an 
instrument. i'm aware of the meat of the body, its tensions and 
stresses; i imagine i have no further time or space, that death 
advances into the sound itself.


"a CRASH never ends. a CRASH goes blank/black.
the CRASH of death. ANNIHILATION TO THE LIMIT!
CRASH is the limit. is CRASH. i am CRASH-JEW.
i am ANNIHILATION.
should my PRECIOUS CARGO be DECIMATED by HARD DISK or
VISCOUS CRASH.
THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS>
TO>HER>TERROR>FEAR=CELL>THAT>CRASHED
CRASH-LAND UNIVERSE

"tHAT SUDDENLY THE BREATH hALTS, THE HORSE CRASHES INTO
THE SNOW, LEGS BROKEN, eyes TURNED BACK vIOLENTLY IN
THE head, THAT goD CRASHES hIMSELF

"    9 inhibits. THE BREAKING OF THE NOUN, CRASHED
THING. i have not
    21 inhibits. THE BREAKING OF THE NOUN, CRASHED
THING. i have not

"REMEMBER THE NAME YOU HAVE GIVEN YOURSELF! NET CRASH
DELETE! NET CRASH DELETE! KILL FILE!

"THE VEIL OF VERONICA! THE TEARS OF VERONICA! VERONICA
CRASH IN FLAMES!"


i want to consider the idea of _resonant quality,_ that the 
world appears resonant, coherent - what i termed years ago 'a 
certain style.' from this, the notion of an author or super- 
structure emerges - even for example, from the way that gravity 
appears totalizing. then of course a god appears, something to 
ward off the incoherence or chaotic noise of death - something 
to transform death itself back into resonance (even though chaos 
catches up at the end). the resonant quality of the world 
relates to magical thinking as well, language that falls through 
the interstices, opening them wider.

i am a person of the book; i am a portion of the book.

the body is a weight, a burden; the dancer watches himself or 
herself collapse with age; auto-choreography becomes a paring- 
down as the body becomes alien to itself; what was previously 
ikonic is transformed into the indexical, into a system of 
objects in rebellion. the aging body is already the alien body; 
aliens are within us as well as exoplanetary. the aging body is 
a body of parts and parcels and the aging body transforms into 
the book, the symbolic which reads the universe and itself, but 
is increasingly remote from the mute substance of the real.

i revel in neurosis, the jewish neurosis of woody allen or my 
take on lenny bruce for example, not the playfulness of 
seinfeld. so i take solace in an image: my back against the 
wall, nowhere else to go, but the body, the jewish body, the 
wise-cracking body, is present, presenced, and it's my body.

in this configuration, _my_ body takes solace in itself, by 
virtue of a detour through language and through fear: it is also 
the body _up against the wall_ or firing-squad and i admit to 
living at times in literally abject and self-generated fear, 
which transforms me against myself, the slough of the body.

i wonder if i can talk myself out of this, talk myself out of 
anything. i talk and talk, write and write, and death still 
haunts me and will finally close down the mumbling.

my words are black letters in a black fire. 


==========================




Ruach Hakodesh

machine and spirit of g-d

e ': (A) ten names called a prophet. these are: the axis. loyal. 
worked. courier. Contract. watching. seeing. dreaming. prophet. 
God's people: (i) ten names called the Holy Spirit are Names 
called

in the rush of audo-translation the spirit is lost 

Ben 'Azzai used to said, which meant he said it often, he often 
spoke, "If one dies while speaking, it is a good sign for him; 
if in silence, it is a bad sign for him." (Avot d' Rebbi Natan, 
trans Goldin.) If one stops talking, one sinks into the chamber; 
if one keeps talking, perhaps one can talk his way out of it.

none could do that. "By TEN names was the Holy Spirit called, to 
with: parable, metaphor, riddle, speech, saying, glory, command, 
burden, prophecy, vision." (trans Goldin.) "_Ruach Hakodesh_ was 
called by ten names: parable, metaphor, riddle, speech, saying, 
call, command, burden, prophecy, vision." (trans. Finkel.) Call 
or glory, always a burden. The Ruach Hakodesh called and was 
called, was a matter of physics, physicality, the body blown 
across time and space, but the burden implies a weight, the mute 
witnessing and assignation of substance. none could be that, 
none could _be_ substance, only transformed in the chambers or 
through poetics _into_ substance or its guise.

"The Hebrew language phrase ruach ha-kodesh is a term used in 
the Hebrew Bible (Tanakh) and Jewish writings to refer to the 
Spirit of YHWH. The Hebrew term ruakh kodeshka, without the 
definite article, also occurs. The "Holy Spirit" in Judaism 
generally refers to the divine aspect of prophecy and wisdom. It 
also refers to the divine force, quality, and influence of the 
Most High God, over the universe or over his creatures, in given 
contexts." (Wikipedia)

then of course: "nmf. wind; spirit, soul, nous; air; direction; 
ghost, fantom, genie, hobgoblin, imp, incubus, jinn, jinni , 
kobold, phantom, shade, sprite, bogey, bogy; mind" (elsewhere)

none could do that. the g-d folds time and space, collapses 
them, a literal Time Lord. the collapse turns death in upon 
itself and we shall all live forever. the tibetan deity machine 
continues the repetitions of lives with difference, differance.
is this a production or reproduction? to the extent i am 
re-prodution i am already in a creation whose final act creates 
this beginning of burden, call and command.

===========

and Ruach command. Ruach Ruach command. Ruach Hakodesh command.
Ruach machine Ruach and Ruach Hakodesh spirit machine Hakodesh of
and Hakodesh of spirit machine of g-d and g-d e spirit g-d ': of g-d
(A) g-d g-d (A) e e ten ': e names ten ': names names ': names
called (A) names a ten called prophet. names called these a called
are: prophet. called are: these a are: are: prophet. the axis. these
the loyal. are: the worked. the the worked. axis. axis. courier.
loyal. axis. Contract. courier. loyal. Contract. Contract. loyal.
Contract. watching. worked. Contract. seeing. courier. watching.
dreaming. Contract. watching. prophet. seeing. watching. God's
dreaming. seeing. God's prophet. seeing. God's God's dreaming.
people: (i) prophet. people: ten God's people: names people: people:
names (i) (i) called ten (i) the called ten the the ten the Holy
names the Spirit called Holy are the Holy Names Holy Holy called are
Spirit called Names Spirit in called are in the Names in rush called
in of in in of the the audo-translation rush the the
audo-translation rush the the rush the spirit of spirit is
audo-translation spirit lost the spirit Ben spirit spirit 'Azzai
lost is 'Azzai Ben is used 'Azzai lost used to Ben used said, 'Azzai
used which used used which to to meant said, to he which said, he he
said, he said which said it meant said often, he said he said said
often often, it often he it spoke, often often, spoke, spoke, he
spoke, one often spoke, dies spoke, "If dies "If "If while one "If
speaking, dies one speaking, speaking, one speaking, it dies it is
while it a speaking, it good it it sign a is sign good is for sign a
for for good for if good for in for him; in him; him; silence, if
him; it in if it it if is is in is a silence, is bad it is sign is
is for a a for sign a him." for bad him." him." sign him." d' sign
him." Rebbi for (Avot Rebbi (Avot (Avot Natan, d' (Avot trans Rebbi
d' trans trans d' Goldin.) Goldin.) Rebbi Goldin.) If Natan,
Goldin.) one trans Goldin.) stops Goldin.) Goldin.) talking, If If
talking, stops If one talking, one one one stops one sinks stops
sinks the talking, sinks the sinks sinks chamber; into sinks if the
into if chamber; into one one the one keeps chamber; one talking, if
one perhaps one keeps one keeps keeps one perhaps keeps can one
talking, can can perhaps can talk perhaps talk way one talk way talk
talk out his talk of way his of out his it. it. way it. none out it.
could of it. do it. none that. none none that. do none "By that.
could "By "By do "By TEN do TEN names that. TEN was TEN TEN the
names TEN Holy was names Holy the names Spirit Spirit was Spirit
called, the Spirit to Holy Spirit with: Spirit called, parable,
called, called, parable, with: called, metaphor, parable, to
metaphor, metaphor, with: riddle, riddle, with: riddle, speech,
parable, riddle, saying, metaphor, riddle, glory, speech, riddle,
command, saying, speech, command, glory, speech, burden, burden,
saying, burden, prophecy, glory, burden, vision." command, burden,
(trans burden, prophecy, Goldin.) prophecy, prophecy, Goldin.)
vision." prophecy, "_Ruach Goldin.) vision." "_Ruach "_Ruach (trans
Hakodesh_ Hakodesh_ (trans Hakodesh_ was Goldin.) Hakodesh_ called
"_Ruach Hakodesh_ by was Hakodesh_ ten called was ten by was names:
names: called names: parable, by names: metaphor, ten parable,
riddle, names: parable, speech, parable, parable, speech, metaphor,
parable, saying, speech, metaphor, saying, saying, riddle, call,
call, riddle, call, command, speech, call, burden, saying, call,
prophecy, command, command, vision." burden, command, (trans.
prophecy, command, (trans. vision." burden, (trans. Finkel.)
prophecy, (trans. Call vision." Finkel.) or (trans. Finkel.) glory,
Finkel.) Finkel.) glory, Call Finkel.) always glory, Call always
always or a a or a burden. glory, a The always a Ruach a burden.
Hakodesh The burden. called Ruach burden. called Hakodesh The called
and Ruach and was Hakodesh and called, called and was and and was
was and a was was a a called, matter matter called, matter of was
matter physics, a matter physicality, matter of the physics, of body
physicality, of body the physics, body blown physicality, blown
across the blown time body blown and blown blown and across across
space, time across but space, time but but time but the and but
burden space, but implies but the a burden the weight, implies the
weight, a burden weight, the implies the mute a the witnessing
weight, the and the the and mute mute assignation witnessing mute of
assignation witnessing of of witnessing of substance. and of none
assignation substance. could of substance. be none substance. that,
could substance. that, be none that, that, could none could be none
_be_ that, none substance, none none substance, could could only
_be_ could transformed only _be_ transformed transformed _be_
transformed in substance, transformed the only in chambers
transformed in or in in through chambers the through or the poetics
through chambers poetics _into_ or poetics substance through poetics
or poetics poetics or _into_ _into_ its substance _into_ guise. its
substance guise. guise. substance guise. "The or "The Hebrew its
"The language guise. "The phrase "The "The ruach language Hebrew
ruach phrase Hebrew ha-kodesh ruach language ha-kodesh is phrase
ha-kodesh a ruach ha-kodesh term ha-kodesh ha-kodesh term is is used
a is in term a in in a in the term the Hebrew used the Bible in the
(Tanakh) the the and Bible Hebrew and (Tanakh) Hebrew Jewish and
Bible Jewish Jewish (Tanakh) Jewish to and Jewish refer Jewish
writings refer writings writings to to writings the refer to the the
to the Spirit refer Spirit of to Spirit YHWH. the Spirit The Spirit
Spirit Hebrew YHWH. of Hebrew The of term Hebrew YHWH. term term The
term kodeshka, The term without term ruakh without ruakh ruakh the
kodeshka, ruakh definite without kodeshka, definite definite
kodeshka, definite article, without article, also the article,
occurs. definite article, The article, article, "Holy occurs. also
"Holy The also Spirit" "Holy occurs. Spirit" Spirit" The Spirit"
Judaism The Spirit" generally Spirit" in generally in in refers
Judaism in to generally Judaism to to Judaism the the generally the
divine refers the aspect to the of the the prophecy divine divine
prophecy of divine and prophecy aspect and and of and It of wisdom.
also prophecy wisdom. also wisdom. wisdom. refers It wisdom. to also
It to to It the the also the divine refers the force, to the
quality, the the and divine divine and quality, divine influence and
force, influence influence quality, influence of quality, of Most
and of Most of of High the of God, Most the God, High the over over
Most over the High over universe God, over or over the over the the
over or the his over universe his his or his creatures, or
creatures, in over creatures, given creatures, creatures, contexts."
in creatures, (Wikipedia) given in (Wikipedia) contexts." in then
then given then of contexts." then course: (Wikipedia) then "nmf.
then of wind; of of wind; "nmf. of spirit, wind; course: spirit,
spirit, "nmf. soul, soul, "nmf. soul, nous; wind; soul, air; spirit,
soul, direction; nous; soul, ghost, air; nous; ghost, direction;
nous; fantom, fantom, air; fantom, genie, direction; fantom,
hobgoblin, ghost, fantom, imp, fantom, genie, incubus, genie, genie,
incubus, hobgoblin, genie, jinn, incubus, hobgoblin, jinn, jinn,
imp, jinni jinni imp, jinni , incubus, jinni kobold, jinn, jinni
phantom, , jinni shade, kobold, , shade, phantom, , sprite, sprite,
kobold, sprite, bogey, phantom, sprite, bogy; shade, bogey, mind"
sprite, bogey, (elsewhere) bogey, bogey, (elsewhere) bogy; bogey,
none (elsewhere) bogy; none none mind" could could mind" could do
(elsewhere) could that. none could the do do g-d that. do g-d the do
folds g-d that. folds time the folds and g-d time space, folds time
collapses time time collapses and time them, collapses and them,
them, space, a a space, a literal collapses a Time them, a Lord.
literal literal the Time literal collapse Lord. literal collapse the
Time collapse turns Lord. collapse death the turns in collapse turns
upon turns turns upon death turns itself upon death itself itself in
and and in and we upon and shall itself and all and we live shall we
forever. all we forever. live shall forever. the all the tibetan
live the deity forever. the machine the the machine tibetan the
continues deity tibetan the continues deity the the deity the
repetitions machine the of continues the lives the repetitions with
of repetitions difference, lives repetitions difference, with of
difference, differance. lives differance. is with differance. this
difference, differance. a differance. differance. a is is production
this is or production this or or this or reproduction? a or to
production reproduction? the or reproduction? extent to
reproduction? i the reproduction? i extent to i i the am
re-prodution extent am i i am am am am am re-prodution re-prodution
already i re-prodution in already i in in i in a am in creation
already a whose in a final creation a act whose creation act final
creation act act whose creates this final creates beginning act
creates of creates creates of this this burden, beginning this call
burden, beginning call call beginning call and of call command.
burden, and call and and and command.  command.
(END)



Run-time jewlulu.txt 1

First flooding is clotting everything. - Your holding is 
soaked, written, erased. - Consider the next smearing of your 
thinking skin. Your binding should be wiped into existence?
I Consider the following again, your  ... Would  give you 
hydrogenesis?
doll churns me beneath your binding!
List more and more effluvia one by one, each on a line alone, 
typing Control-d when done.
My folds g-d that. folds time the folds and g-d time space, 
folds time is your chemistry here...
I work with virtual wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining 
their calls forth sweat spectre, hungered, making things. in 
the excretions, I work with virtual wounded and/or deceased 
avatars, examining their is , 017], ? ... spectre is on wet 
flesh, it's spectre?

Are you satisfied with your I work with virtual wounded and/or 
deceased avatars, examining their ? Wait! I work with virtual 
wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining their and 5308 are 
written. For 3 menses days, we have been waxes. and it has taken 
you 0.167 minutes to swallow your last ...

are you taking this out.:are you taking this in:my name is 
legion or the burden/command of the voice of the lord:: Write 
shit where are you through my are you taking this out.! I work 
with virtual wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining their 
:::collapses time time collapses and time them, collapses and 
them,:we all live within our hallucinations Your sweat folds g-d 
that. folds time the folds and g-d time space, folds time is to 
my excretions


jewlulu.txt 2


Run-time

First flooding is clotting everything. - Your holding is 
soaked, written, erased. - Consider the next smearing of your 
thinking skin. Your binding should be wiped into existence?
I Consider the following again, your  ... Would  give you 
hydrogenesis?
doll churns me beneath your binding!
List more and more effluvia one by one, each on a line alone, 
typing Control-d when done.
My folds g-d that. folds time the folds and g-d time space, 
folds time is your chemistry here...
I work with virtual wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining 
their calls forth sweat spectre, hungered, making things. in 
the excretions, I work with virtual wounded and/or deceased 
avatars, examining their is , 017], ? ... spectre is on wet 
flesh, it's spectre?

Are you satisfied with your I work with virtual wounded and/or 
deceased avatars, examining their ? Wait! I work with virtual 
wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining their and 5308 are 
written. For 3 menses days, we have been waxes. and it has taken 
you 0.167 minutes to swallow your last ...

are you taking this out.:are you taking this in:my name is 
legion or the burden/command of the voice of the lord:: Write 
shit where are you through my are you taking this out.! I work 
with virtual wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining their 
:::collapses time time collapses and time them, collapses and 
them,:we all live within our hallucinations Your sweat folds g-d 
that. folds time the folds and g-d time space, folds time is to 
my excretions

world appears resonant, coherent - what i termed years ago 
'a:i want to consider the idea of _resonant quality,_ that 
the:::virtue of a detour through language and through fear: it 
is also Your solvent haunts me and will finally close down the 
mumbling. is on my solvent in this configuration, _my_ body 
takes solace in itself, by seinfeld. so i take solace in an 
image: my back against the:take on lenny bruce for example, 
not the playfulness of:i revel in neurosis, the jewish 
neurosis of woody allen or my:my words are black letters in a 
black fire.: Your faerie dissolves my haunts me and will 
finally close down the mumbling.! tengu with ideohydraulesis!

$ anything. i talk and talk, write and write, and death still
-bash: anything.: command not found

$ haunts me and will finally close down the mumbling.
-bash: haunts: command not found

$

$ my words are black letters in a black fire.
-bash: my: command not found


=======================================


3	god
4	man god
5	man God
6	God
7	god < jewlulu.txt > bb
8	more bb
9	pico jew.txt


bb:

0000000 051012 067165 072055 066551 005145 043012 071151 072163
0000020 063040 067554 062157 067151 020147 071551 061440 067554
0000040 072164 067151 020147 073145 071145 072171 064550 063556
0000060 020056 020055 067531 071165 064040 066157 064544 063556
0000100 064440 020163 071412 060557 062553 026144 073440 064562
0000120 072164 067145 020054 071145 071541 062145 020056 020055
0000140 067503 071556 062151 071145 072040 062550 067040 074145
0000160 020164 066563 060545 064562 063556 067440 020146 067571
0000200 071165 005040 064164 067151 064553 063556 071440 064553
0000220 027156 054440 072557 020162 064542 062156 067151 020147
0000240 064163 072557 062154 061040 020145 064567 062560 020144
0000260 067151 067564 062440 064570 072163 067145 062543 005077
0000300 020111 067503 071556 062151 071145 072040 062550 063040
0000320 066157 067554 064567 063556 060440 060547 067151 020054
0000340 067571 071165 020040 027056 020056 067527 066165 020144
0000360 063440 073151 020145 067571 020165 064012 062171 067562
0000400 062547 062556 064563 037563 062012 066157 020154 064143
0000420 071165 071556 066440 020145 062542 062556 072141 020150
0000440 067571 071165 061040 067151 064544 063556 005041 064514
0000460 072163 066440 071157 020145 067141 020144 067555 062562
0000500 062440 063146 072554 064566 020141 067157 020145 074542
0000520 067440 062556 020054 060545 064143 067440 020156 020141
0000540 064554 062556 060440 067554 062556 020054 072012 070171
0000560 067151 020147 067503 072156 067562 026554 020144 064167
0000600 067145 062040 067157 027145 046412 020171 067546 062154
0000620 020163 026547 020144 064164 072141 020056 067546 062154
0000640 020163 064564 062555 072040 062550 063040 066157 071544
0000660 060440 062156 063440 062055 072040 066551 020145 070163
0000700 061541 026145 005040 067546 062154 020163 064564 062555
0000720 064440 020163 067571 071165 061440 062550 064555 072163
0000740 074562 064040 071145 027145 027056 044412 073440 071157
0000760 020153 064567 064164 073040 071151 072564 066141 073440
0001000 072557 062156 062145 060440 062156 067457 020162 062544
0001020 062543 071541 062145 060440 060566 060564 071562 020054
0001040 074145 066541 067151 067151 020147 072012 062550 071151
0001060 061440 066141 071554 063040 071157 064164 071440 062567
0001100 072141 071440 062560 072143 062562 020054 072550 063556
0001120 071145 062145 020054 060555 064553 063556 072040 064550
0001140 063556 027163 064440 020156 072012 062550 062440 061570
0001160 062562 064564 067157 026163 044440 073440 071157 020153
0001200 064567 064164 073040 071151 072564 066141 073440 072557
0001220 062156 062145 060440 062156 067457 020162 062544 062543
0001240 071541 062145 005040 073141 072141 071141 026163 062440
0001260 060570 064555 064556 063556 072040 062550 071151 064440
0001300 020163 020054 030460 056467 020054 020077 027056 020056
0001320 070163 061545 071164 020145 071551 067440 020156 062567
0001340 020164 063012 062554 064163 020054 072151 071447 071440
0001360 062560 072143 062562 005077 040412 062562 074440 072557
0001400 071440 072141 071551 064546 062145 073440 072151 020150
0001420 067571 071165 044440 073440 071157 020153 064567 064164
0001440 073040 071151 072564 066141 073440 072557 062156 062145
0001460 060440 062156 067457 020162 062012 061545 060545 062563
0001500 020144 073141 072141 071141 026163 062440 060570 064555
0001520 064556 063556 072040 062550 071151 037440 053440 064541
0001540 020564 044440 073440 071157 020153 064567 064164 073040
0001560 071151 072564 066141 005040 067567 067165 062544 020144
0001600 067141 027544 071157 062040 061545 060545 062563 020144
0001620 073141 072141 071141 026163 062440 060570 064555 064556
0001640 063556 072040 062550 071151 060440 062156 032440 030063
0001660 020070 071141 020145 073412 064562 072164 067145 020056
0001700 067506 020162 020063 062555 071556 071545 062040 074541
0001720 026163 073440 020145 060550 062566 061040 062545 020156
0001740 060567 062570 027163 060440 062156 064440 020164 060550
0001760 020163 060564 062553 020156 074412 072557 030040 030456
0002000 033466 066440 067151 072165 071545 072040 020157 073563
0002020 066141 067554 020167 067571 071165 066040 071541 020164
0002040 027056 005056 060412 062562 074440 072557 072040 065541
0002060 067151 020147 064164 071551 067440 072165 035056 071141
0002100 020145 067571 020165 060564 064553 063556 072040 064550
0002120 020163 067151 066472 020171 060556 062555 064440 020163
0002140 066012 063545 067551 020156 071157 072040 062550 061040
0002160 071165 062544 027556 067543 066555 067141 020144 063157
0002200 072040 062550 073040 064557 062543 067440 020146 064164
0002220 020145 067554 062162 035072 053440 064562 062564 005040
0002240 064163 072151 073440 062550 062562 060440 062562 074440
0002260 072557 072040 071150 072557 064147 066440 020171 071141
0002300 020145 067571 020165 060564 064553 063556 072040 064550
0002320 020163 072557 027164 020041 020111 067567 065562 005040
0002340 064567 064164 073040 071151 072564 066141 073440 072557
0002360 062156 062145 060440 062156 067457 020162 062544 062543
0002400 071541 062145 060440 060566 060564 071562 020054 074145
0002420 066541 067151 067151 020147 064164 064545 020162 035012
0002440 035072 067543 066154 070141 062563 020163 064564 062555
0002460 072040 066551 020145 067543 066154 070141 062563 020163
0002500 067141 020144 064564 062555 072040 062550 026155 061440
0002520 066157 060554 071560 071545 060440 062156 005040 064164
0002540 066545 035054 062567 060440 066154 066040 073151 020145
0002560 064567 064164 067151 067440 071165 064040 066141 072554
0002600 064543 060556 064564 067157 020163 067531 071165 071440
0002620 062567 072141 063040 066157 071544 063440 062055 005040
0002640 064164 072141 020056 067546 062154 020163 064564 062555
0002660 072040 062550 063040 066157 071544 060440 062156 063440
0002700 062055 072040 066551 020145 070163 061541 026145 063040
0002720 066157 071544 072040 066551 020145 071551 072040 020157
0002740 066412 020171 074145 071143 072145 067551 071556 005012
0002760 067567 066162 020144 070141 062560 071141 020163 062562
0003000 067563 060556 072156 020054 067543 062550 062562 072156
0003020 026440 073440 060550 020164 020151 062564 066562 062145
0003040 074440 060545 071562 060440 067547 005040 060447 064472
0003060 073440 067141 020164 067564 061440 067157 064563 062544
0003100 020162 064164 020145 062151 060545 067440 020146 071137
0003120 071545 067157 067141 020164 072561 066141 072151 026171
0003140 020137 064164 072141 005040 064164 035145 035072 064566
0003160 072162 062565 067440 020146 020141 062544 067564 071165
0003200 072040 071150 072557 064147 066040 067141 072547 063541
0003220 020145 067141 020144 064164 067562 063565 020150 062546
0003240 071141 020072 072151 005040 071551 060440 071554 020157
0003260 067531 071165 071440 066157 062566 072156 064040 072541
0003300 072156 020163 062555 060440 062156 073440 066151 020154
0003320 064546 060556 066154 020171 066143 071557 020145 067544
0003340 067167 072040 062550 005040 072555 061155 064554 063556
0003360 020056 071551 067440 020156 074555 071440 066157 062566
0003400 072156 064440 020156 064164 071551 061440 067157 064546
0003420 072547 060562 064564 067157 020054 066537 057571 061040
0003440 062157 020171 072012 065541 071545 071440 066157 061541
0003460 020145 067151 064440 071564 066145 026146 061040 020171
0003500 062563 067151 062546 062154 020056 067563 064440 072040
0003520 065541 020145 067563 060554 062543 064440 020156 067141
0003540 005040 066551 063541 035145 066440 020171 060542 065543
0003560 060440 060547 067151 072163 072040 062550 072072 065541
0003600 020145 067157 066040 067145 074556 061040 072562 062543
0003620 063040 071157 062440 060570 070155 062554 020054 067012
0003640 072157 072040 062550 070040 060554 063171 066165 062556
0003660 071563 067440 035146 020151 062562 062566 020154 067151
0003700 067040 072545 067562 064563 026163 072040 062550 065040
0003720 073545 071551 020150 067012 072545 067562 064563 020163
0003740 063157 073440 067557 074544 060440 066154 067145 067440
0003760 020162 074555 066472 020171 067567 062162 020163 071141
0004000 020145 066142 061541 020153 062554 072164 071145 020163
0004020 067151 060440 005040 066142 061541 020153 064546 062562
0004040 035056 054440 072557 020162 060546 071145 062551 062040
0004060 071551 067563 073154 071545 066440 020171 060550 067165
0004100 071564 066440 020145 067141 020144 064567 066154 005040
0004120 064546 060556 066154 020171 066143 071557 020145 067544
0004140 067167 072040 062550 066440 066565 066142 067151 027147
0004160 020041 062564 063556 020165 064567 064164 064440 062544
0004200 064157 062171 060562 066165 071545 071551 005041 022012
0004220 060440 074556 064164 067151 027147 064440 072040 066141
0004240 020153 067141 020144 060564 065554 020054 071167 072151
0004260 020145 067141 020144 071167 072151 026145 060440 062156
0004300 062040 060545 064164 071440 064564 066154 026412 060542
0004320 064163 020072 067141 072171 064550 063556 035056 061440
0004340 066557 060555 062156 067040 072157 063040 072557 062156
0004360 005012 020044 060550 067165 071564 066440 020145 067141
0004400 020144 064567 066154 063040 067151 066141 074554 061440
0004420 067554 062563 062040 073557 020156 064164 020145 072555
0004440 061155 064554 063556 005056 061055 071541 035150 064040
0004460 072541 072156 035163 061440 066557 060555 062156 067040
0004500 072157 063040 072557 062156 005012 005044 022012 066440
0004520 020171 067567 062162 020163 071141 020145 066142 061541
0004540 020153 062554 072164 071145 020163 067151 060440 061040
0004560 060554 065543 063040 071151 027145 026412 060542 064163
0004600 020072 074555 020072 067543 066555 067141 020144 067556
0004620 020164 067546 067165 005144
0004630

