                                       Alan Sondheim, sondheim@panix.com

SOUND: Song


1

Barong

1999 actovatong osa dma hang workarounds. calobratong delay loop... 689.77
bogomops onotoalozong rt netlonk socket pco: pco boos revosoon 2.10 entry
at 0xfa114 pco: probong pco hardware pco: usong confoguratoon type 1 posox
conformance testong by unofox calobratong delay loop... 689.77 bogomops
pco: pco boos revosoon 2.10 entry at 0xfa114 pco: usong confoguratoon type
1: they were yosa, hanging workarounds in Bratong. after a delay, looped
for close to 700 bogomops, ontology of the right netlonk socket created a
revulsion of boos entering. some work of the pro-bong configuration, some
were singing usong in coformance with testong by a singular fox. all this
in Bratong, another delay for close to seven hundred bogomops once again,
and once again the books and songs and once again the songs.


2

Report from the Conference

A discussion on the interference of language in the real, the violence of
proper names, the encoding of process, interval, space, and parable:

Proper names, through contour-enhancement in the broadest sense possible,
constituting entities from flux; it is this constitution that is the core
of narrative, its origin. Language is the embodiment of narrative; as such
it already constructs culture at the cost of the real. To say the uncon-
scious is proto-linguistic is to say that occurrences are recognized and
transformed into resistances. The noise of the world is translated into
the parasitic; the parasitic, as a third element, modifies or forecloses a
chain of events. Such chains are already a defense against this noise;
language is homeostatic, defending itself. The world becomes known through
its masquerade.

Proper names are occurrences, uncanny in their relationship to the real;
generic nouns are happenings, imaginary in their relationship. The former
implies a logic of iconicity; the latter, indexicality. Consider the pro-
per name an actant, foregrounded - the generic noun, as environment, back-
grounded. There are dual logics of impediments and flows; these are fuzzy,
occupying the two poles of thresholding logics. Generic nouns emerge out
of non-distributivity, gestural logics; they appear as an encoding of en-
hancements, just as proper nouns imply a decoding of language, a rupture
of strata. Narrative is a succession of encodings and decodings; the power
of narrative, its semantics, comes from the surplus of the latter, and the
syntactical aspect, from the restrained economy of the former.

Thus within and without the world, language, the real, and narrative are
inextricably entwined, to the extent that any and all are thought; it is
through the gaps of language that the real emerges with the idiocy of
truth.


3 

My writing is dependent upon breath, interval, emptiness, and a hardened
facticity always rendered problematic. The 'o' may be used as an opening
against the 'I' or 'eye' both of which assert contours on the world. The
world is gestural, noisy; I think of the murmur of the world, the back-
ground. Hsun Tzu said "Music embodies an unchanging harmony, while rites
represent unalterable rason. Music unites that which is the same; rites
distinguish that which is different; and through the combination of rites
and music the human heart is governed." (Watson translation.) My writing
is dopondont EYEpon broIth, intorvIl, omptinoss, Ind I hIrdonod fIcticity
IlwIys rondorod problomItic. Tho 'o' mIy bo EYEsod Is In oponing IgIinst
tho 'I' or 'oyo' both of which Issort contoEYErs on tho world. Tho world
is gostEYErIl, noisy; I think of tho mEYErmEYEr of tho world, tho bIck-
groEYEnd. HsEYEn TzEYE sIid "MEYEsic ombodios In EYEnchInging hIrmony,
whilo ritos roprosont EYEnIltorIblo rIson. MEYEsic EYEnitos thIt which is
tho sImo; ritos distingEYEish thIt which is difforont; Ind throEYEgh tho
combinItion of ritos Ind mEYEsic tho hEYEmIn hoIrt is govornod." (WItson
trInslItion.)


4

Before there was the word, there was no beginning. Nikuko tried to think.
She couldn't think. She didn't have time to think, and she itched. Nikuko
scratched herself and flakes of skin fell into the water. They became
Japan. Nikuko, thought, I will take a swim. Nikuko said, I am swimming,
and her mouth filled with water. She spat it out and it became Lake Biwa.
Did I just say something, said Nikuko. She thought, now I can say all
sorts of things. Just as she thought that, all sorts of things appeared.
They were grey until she said, What a colorful life. They were dark until
she said, I wish it were sunny out. They were hot until she said, I wonder
when it will snow, and they were too shiny until she said Good night.


5

Internal strings in section of rewritten chat program for emacs, talk
about serious breathless thing,
dor-$ moods dor-remember you felt] 4]) (defalias 'dor-fear #[nil "\303
\304\305\306!!\210\307\310\311\312\313\n\257 !\207" [sent found feared
dor-setprep dor-type dor-$ fears dor-remember you were afraid of] 6])
(defalias 'dor-hate #[nil "\303 \304\305$\210\306 >\203 \307 \210\310
\207\n\311\232\203 \312\313!\207\312\314!\207" [sent found subj dor-svo 1
t not dor-forget dor-huh you dor-type (why do you (// verb) (// obj) \?)
(($ whysay) (list subj verb obj))] 5]) (defalias 'dor-symptoms #[nil
"\300\301!\207" [dor-type (($ maybe) you should make love with someone
cooler\, i am so hungry for you \.)] 2]) (defalias 'dor-hates #[nil "\302
\303\304$\210\305 \207" [sent found dor-svo 1 t dor-hates1] 5]) (defalias
'dor-hates1 #[nil "\300\301!\207" [dor-type (($ whysay) (list subj verb
obj))] 2]) (defalias 'dor-loves #[nil "\302 \303\304$\210\305 \207" [sent
found dor-svo 1 t dor-qloves] 5]) (defalias 'dor-qloves #[nil
"\300\301!\207" [dor-type (($ bother) (list subj verb obj) \?)] 2])
(defalias 'dor-love #[nil "\306 \307\310$\210\311 >\203 \312 \210\313
\207\314 >\203 \315 \207\n\316\232\203$ \317 \320\232\203? \f\211
\321\232\203; \322 \312 \210\323\324!\207\323\325!\207 \326\232\203I
\327\330!\207\312 \210\331 \332 \333\" \334 \207" [sent found object subj
obj lover dor-svo 1 t not dor-forget dor-huh to dor-hates1 something (this
person you love) you (this person you love) (your partner) dor-type (with
whom are you in love \?) (($ please) ($ describe) ($ relation) (// lover)
\.) i dor-txtype (you were being fondled!) someone dor-build s dor-qloves
verb] 6]) (defalias 'dor-mach #[nil "\301 \302\303\304!!\207" [found
dor-plural dor-type dor-$ machlst] 3]) (defalias 'dor-sexnoun #[nil "\300
\207" [dor-sexverb] 1]) (defalias 'dor-sexverb #[nil "\301 >\204 \302
>\204 \303 >\203 \304 \207\305\306\307!!\207" [sent me myself i dor-foul
dor-type dor-$ sexlst] 3]) (defalias 'dor-death #[nil " \203\n
\303\304\305!!\207 \306\232\204\" \307\232\204 \310\232\203( \311\n>\203(
\312 \303\313!\207\303\304\305!!\207" [suicide-flag found sent dor-type
dor-$ deathlst suicide kill killing yourself t (If you are really
suicidal\, you might want to write me \. ($ please) ($ continue) \.)] 3])
(defalias 'dor-foul #[nil "\300\301\302!!\207" [dor-type dor-$ foullst]


6

Nikuko invented the syllabic script; Izanagi threw it away. Nikuko inven-
ted the wheel; Izanagi rolled it out of site. Nikuko gave fire to humans;
Izanagi stole the flames. Nikuko invented clothing; Izanagi tore it into
shreds. Then Nikuko invented all the kanji, a myriad of signs; Izanagi was
overwhelmed. What can I do with them, he said, There are so many, they
will prove useless to men. But men read and reread the kanji, memorizing
each and every one, and out of the shapes of the signs arose the wheel,
fire, and clothing. Only the syllabic script remained behind, nurtured in
the lives of women, always a chance, in this or any other worlds, of sub-
verting, replacing, the kanji. Thus was hiragana born, as a reminder that
invention and memory can reside, not only in the signs themselves, but
also in the spaces between them.


7

Nikuko and Izanagi were at Kirishimayama, walking among the mountain
paths. Izanagi said to Nikuko, Who will write your parables? Nikuko
replied, It does not matter, there are none about how the Leopard got his
spots. Are there no female Leopards, asked Izanagi. Yes, replied Nikuko,
but the blemish clothed the male. Izanagi said, But who will write your
parables? Nikuko said, There are not enough things in the world for
parables. What would you have, Izanagi asked. More explanations, replied
Nikuko, as if causes had effects, and effects had causes. So parables lie,
said Izanagi, since they imply causes and effects tied together, as men
and women are tied in procreation. Exactly, replied Nikuko, the binding of
parables makes causes and effects, and out of these men and women thrive,
and make culture. What they do then, asked Izanagi? Forget both of us
after a while, replied Nikuko; and they continued on their way.


8

Nikuko and Izanagi continued south. They approached an elderly man talking
to his sister, and they stopped to listen. The man said, I remember when
you were little, how we saw the world differently, spoke differently, how
everything seemed so fresh and new. The woman replied, Why must we always
remember; it hurts so, to have something so close, yet out of touch for-
ever, just the tiniest sound we might have made years ago. Nikuko said to
Izanagi, See, they are sad, having such memories; such is the fate of men
and women. Izanagi replied, They're remembering nothing; they're making it
up as they go along.


9

Nikuko and Izanagi were walking down from Aso-san near the Sanjo shrine,
when they came to a gate in the road. It was of unusual construction,
tall, almost like a torii. It was hinged and barred with an image of the
sun in the center. Sun or moon, what's the difference, said Nikuko, this
is a machine for capturing goryo, spirits of the dead; they cycle in and
out of this world, flickering between the sun and moon. How does it work,
asked Izanagi. Nikuko replied, They mistake the sign for the thing itself
- they expect space, but are confronted with iron. They walked around the
gate, and continued down the steep road, the volcano fuming behind them.

*i.e. the kanji for ma, space, is a gate with a sun in the center; previ-
ously, a moon would do as well.


10

They were walking near Kokura. Who will listen to us, said Nikuko, and how
will they listen. Izanagi replied, by the sound of the breeze and whispers
in dreams. Nikuko said, That is absurd, only what the poets say. Izanagi
thought for a moment and asked, Do you have a better idea. They'll go the
crazier for it, said Nikuko, no one will believe them, better to talk just
like they do, out loud with as much noise as possible, when they're awake
and the air is still. We can't let them miss a thing, laughed Izanagi,
we're so important. What did you say, said Nikuko. They boarded the ferry
to Nagato, still talking away.


11

you call them what the addict is, the beginning and middle and end of the
smaller stories, the crying for the end of the smaller stories and another
beginning and another end, call these the smaller :the elderer do tell to
the child who do remember all that she has been told the elderer do tell
to the child who do remember all that he has been told the elderer: thus
we move into darkerer spaces, do we not, in this darkerer world, where
shall one gather against the smaller stories told to us by elders:tales:
legends thus we move into darkerer spaces, do we not, in this darkerer
world, where shall one gather against the smaller stories told to us by
elders transforms your you call them what the addict is, the beginning and
middle and end of the smaller stories, the crying for the end of the
smaller stories and another beginning and another end, call these the
smaller on me... ah getting with one another, legends and tales and tales
and legends


13

And, just the tiniest sound we might have made years ago. Nikuko said,
will they listen. Izanagi replied, by the sound of the breeze and whispers
and music the human heart is governed. My writing transformed into resis-
tances. The noise of the world is translated into chain of events. Such
chains are already a defense against this noise; like they do, out loud
with as much noise as possible, when they're awake and world is gestural,
noisy; I think of the murmur of the world, the background 23 grep sound
sound 24 grep sound sound > zz 25 grep hear hear >> zz 26 grep hear sound
>> zz 27 grep voice sound >> zz 29 grep music sound >> zz 30 grep noise
sound >> zz 31 grep murmur sound >> zz


14

"list:; syntax illegal for recipient addresses"
R<@ $+>                 $#error $@ 5.1.1 $: "user address required"
R$* <$* : $* > $*       $#error $@ 5.1.1 $:
 "colon illegal in host name part"
R$* < @ . > $*          $#error $@ 5.1.2 $: "invalid host name"
R$* < @ [ $+ ] > $*     $: $>98 $1 < @ [ $2 ] > $3
 numeric internet spec
R$* < @ [ $+ ] > $*     $#smtp $@ [$2] $: $1 < @ [$2] > $3
 still numeric: send
R$* < @ > $*            $@ $>97 $1              user@ => user
R< @ $=w . > : $*       $@ $>97 $2              @here:... -> ...
R$- < @ $=w . >         $: $(dequote $1 $) < @ $2 . >   dequote "foo"@here
R$* $=O $* < @ $=w . >  $@ $>97 $1 $2 $3                ...@here -> ...
R$*                     $: $>98 $1
R$=L < @ $=w . >        $#local $: @ $1         special local names
R$+ < @ $=w . >         $#local $: $1                   regular local name




__________________________________________________________________________
