
revrev SPIRITVOICE at Granoff Tonight (Preformer)

http://www.alansondheim.org/spiritvoice.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/spiritvoice1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/spiritvoice2.mp3

first live presentation through speakers in a performance
space, some rough spots, no clicks, modified version 1.5,
AzureVoice through altoclarinet, alto clarinet, radio 
lavalier mic, dual speakers ceiling mounted, high 
resonance space, mic in alto clarinet bell, Azurehands
cupped around open end, Alanhands working keys, then more
alto clarinet corner played against feedback, mic in bell,
then more later with audience, reverberation damping, and
exquisite

wonderful audience, thanks to everyone who came




Everything I've ever done or thought about on Facebook in my 
Recent Time on Earth Condensed into an Amazing Message for the 
Future:

http://www.alansondheim.org/blizzards25.jpg 
AlanHomeRequestsMessages1 NotificationsPrivacy ShortcutsAccount 
SettingsSondheim Sponsored Send money with TransferWise From the 
people who built Skype Sending abroad? Now you can save up to 
90% TransferWise. Warner Cable shoo.ly FREE professional 
installation by dedicated specialists. TV & internet for 
$44.99/Mo! Recent201520142013201220112010200920082007BornAdd 
Cover Photo Update Info View Activity Log5 
TimelineAboutFriends1,617Photos More Profile Picture Timeline 
Status/ VideoLife EventNews FeedYesterday at 1:01pmrev dan 
moihttp://www.alansondheim.org/revrevrevrev.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/revrevdanmoi.mp3... See 
alansondheim.orgLike ShareChris Hanis likes this.Write a 
comment...Beverly NelsonAlan 
1:21amhappyhappyhappyhappyhappyBIRTHDAY TOOOOO YOOOOO!!! Have 
beautifultime friend! Yay! Thank so much!1:47am Gabriel 
GuddingAlan February 4 10:30pmHappy Birthday, Alan. Much love 
you, friend.UnlikeYou like likewise, would see again, 
wonderfulmemories 12:49am 10:04pmNOW THE WORLDNEW WILD 
+http://www.alansondheim.org/newwild.png...Continue 
ReadingKristin DonnerAlan 2:21pmbirthday, Alan!!! sunshiny 
wishes from California.smile emoticon Aw and yay! you!4:56pm 
12:41pmIf you're NY, might definitely, absolutely, without 
doubt,incontrovertibly, WANT TO GO THIS!!!!! Babycastles's 
photo.GoingWordHack VIII Feat. Darius KazemiFriday, 20 
7:00pmBabycastles New York, York64 are goingAzure Carter, 
Maralie Else Matthew Astill Esp Disk'10:17amWishing day-late 
birthday Sondheim!You, Hanis, Steve Holtje others Spent evening 
working clarinet... 10:53am 2Henry WarwickAlan 
9:56amBirthday!!!!Nada GordonAlan 8:47ambelated, bubule!The 
bubule makes day!10:55am Eli V ManuscriptAlan 1:32amhppy brthdy 
friendthank blood pull will tell!1:40am 7 friends posted your 
timeline birthday.Birthday: 35 more posts11:41pmWish I could 
make this!PHILADELPHIA PHENOMENAFeb 2015, 8:00 PMRotunda, 4014 
Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PAElliott Levin- reeds, 
wordsJamaaladeen Tacuma- bass...11:39pmToday, Birthday Day of 
Execution http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia02.png 
http://www.alansondheim.org/forth.mp3Suzon Fuks, Susan Loftin, 
Gerald Schwartz 11 13 commentsNabil Kanso Birthday!7:03pm Robert 
Salsburg Alan!7:23pm Edited gosh, much!, - 10:10pm Fuks bon 
anniversaireSee Translation8:04am 
10:39pmGNOSIMAGONE:http://www.alansondheim.org/gno4.pngMOURNVUL 
ECEIP: FALLEN:...Merry Zeisopulu Fung-Lin Hall9:05pmHapppy 
http://www.mutanteggplant.com//alan-sondheim-birthday-poe/Vitro 
Nasu Blog Archive Poem Philosophy,Simple, Pretention :: Art, 
Humor, Culture.mutanteggplant.comHall, Riki Traum post #2... do 
#3.. tomorrow..9:06pm AW THANK YOU YOU!10:42pm mentioned Brown 
lecture..10:46pm again!12:29am 9:01pm 
http://www.mutanteggplant.com//02/03/alan-sondheim-f-lying/F- 
lyingLinda Karpell coming.. Sondheim.. thisyear created an 
avalanche .. lol.. 9:02pm Wow, photo we worked these 
WestVirginnia! 10:43pm 4:22pmSnowcut 
Geologyhttp://www.alansondheim.org/geology2.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/geology6.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/geology3.jpg...Nelson Sean Smith 
reminds me 
of:http://enthalpicgesture.tumblr.com/.../gad-fleischwitz... 
Enthalpic Gesture, Gad Fleischwitz Snow White Forensics 10,... 
10, 2013...enthalpicgesture.tumblr.com4:41pm Remove 
PreviewThanks sending there somesimilarities 6:49pm 
9:13pmGnostalgia http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia10.png 
http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia.mp4 
http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia04.png...Katarina 
Djordjevic Urosevic, Helen J Burgess, Michael RothenbergBob 
Diamond Love it.12:28am greatly 2:03am 2:28amdwelling, audio 
fluidics, softwarehttp://www.alansondheim.org/verra.png(luke 
damrosch 
software)http://www.alansondheim.org/verra0.mp3...January 31 
1:24pmMurnau Our Place have No RelationEspecially Harmonica 
REVREVhttp://www.alansondheim.org/conraddress.jpg...30 
11:05pmbig filmhttp://www.alansondheim.org/gran3.png 
http://www.alansondheim.org/thebigfilm.mp4 
http://www.alansondheim.org/gran4.png2:41pmALAN SONDHEIM 
PRESENTATION AT BROWN UNIVERSITY6th, 7, Granoff Center (see 
below)http://www.alansondheim.org/alansondheim.jpgBroken World, 
Steeragethinking through blankness, terror, broken worldsThere 
is material distorted motion capture employed virtual worlds; 
considerations terror genocide termsanguish unutterable; 
phenomenology blizzards whiteout; revrev ? live reverse 
reverberation anticipatorymusic; practical-theoretical issues 
gamespace/edgespace.Join talk presentation 7pm 6 Englander 
Studio, University. This event free open 
public.cross-disciplinary artist, writer, theorist. He recently 
completed successful residency Eyebeam Art Technology York; 
while henumber collaborators performances soundpieces dealing 
pain annihilation. also series texts 3d printing models ?dead 
woundedavatars.? Nova ScotiaCollege Design 2011-2012 was 
resident York. In had bookpublished Virginia University Press, 
Writing Under,last released two cds experimental 
improvisation.his website:http://www.alansondheim.org/lives 
partner co-worker, Carter Providence, RI.PLEASE SEE URL BELOW; 
OUTLINE OF TALK http://www.alansondheim.org/granoff.rtfbeen 
variety media, Cave music improvisation, etc. I'll 
presentmaterials all this, within framework worlds.University, 
Center, 6, p.m.Room N420154 Angell RIKaris Shearer, Christopher 
Keep, 28 shareMaria Damon knock 'em out, 6:48pm Lee misread 
initially, as Gandolf Centre Shared. People should go. He's 
actual thinker. 7:22pm Chimera Eterna6:15am 
http://www.alansondheim.org/perf_20.png 
http://www.alansondheim.org/munif.mp3Munif6:16am 11:55am When 
did attend University?pending itemsFriends1,617Jeremy 
HightmIEKAL aNDWillow GraySachiko HayashiDonna KuhnMarc 
GarrettPhotos119Atlanta history flashback tbt ....September 20, 
1984, PowerGender, artist-initiated exhibition, opens unoccupied 
commercial warehouse space Castleberry Hill, Atlanta! IL PRIMO 
LIBRO IN VAL BORMIDA con le fotografie dei partigiani 
locali.---------------------------------------- Adam Tobin's 
ESP-disk 50th anniversary partyLe ragazzeJust recording session 
microcassette artreleases Hal McGee. Was really fun time! info 
over 
http://www.haltapes.com/moma-catalog-of-microcassette-audio-art.html 
acoustic goes B side. other electronic be A side nearly make, 
but "safe". On even cat Siri chasing cables introducing 
randomnesses! :-) Karen Randall's alan sondheimBooksWhich books 
read?Adventures Huckleberry FinnMark TwainFor Whom Bell 
TollsErnest HemingwayBrave WorldAldous HuxleySportssports teams 
like?Seattle SeahawksEngland PatriotsGreen Bay 
PackersGroups53-empyre soft-skinned 113 members-empyre- global 
community of...Nexus 32 facebook group is...Glitch//Request4,805 
-----------------------------------...SACRAMENTO Z NEWSPAPER134 
main contact/discussion 
forum...SoundCloudAnxietySazae1letheExample1Underacademy demo 
jam AnxUrgeurge.now Sadlers 9 people.Kazemi.went "CyPosium book" 
Transmediale.English (US)  Terms CookiesEarlier Highlights 29 
11:19pmla jeteesonichttp://www.alansondheim.org/colorado08.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/lajeteeson.mp3Antoine Lengo 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oM5PDmOdlQsWerbung aus den 50er 
Jahren Wirtschaftswunder DeutschlandDas waren noch Zeiten! 48 
Stunden Woche, Aufstieg und...youtube.com6:28am 10:49amWITH 
PREFORM RETURN IMAGOConnie Bostic, Agam Andreas, Andrew Oleksiuk 
Matt "REVREV blows sun out sky" awesome!6:02am 11:56am amazing, 
12:15pm 9:34pmVizoudPlaying oud image-music:"What look playing 
oud?"http://www.alansondheim.org/vizoud4.jpg...Diamond, John M. 
Bennett, Kiyoaki Kato Stephen Brandwene Shazam !!!!10:33pm 24 
12:27ambreathinghttp://www.alansondheim.org/breathing.png 
http://www.alansondheim.org/breathing.mp3Sharks, piece. Very 
lyrical. "backwards" effects. Reminiscent Jon hassel 
badalamenti. 11:38am don't know them. effects were 
post-productioncourse, we've way less live. wanted focus long 
piece then worrying sweetening later. Eventually 5:57pm it! It 
brought back something me; (installation) on, decades ago. Will 
message you. 7:18pm 1:44am Sadness Sale 
http://www.ebay.com//Alan-Sondheim-One-of-a-/351284855781bid 
what said, offered...MP Landis, Landis yeah, someone bringing 
pastjust remind that it existed throw floor piss it, except 
demeaning way. least dramatic value. 9:55pm Yes, wrote me, 
mixture sadness anger... 9:56pm it's worth, alan, (old new) 
meanlot frequent inspiration. 21 1:52am Stories Moments 
YearBenjamin EverettDaniel RehnAri BaniasDimitri DevyatkinDon 
RussellMcCormackRachel A. Salom RosenkrantzJane 
Bickerton+28EventsTransmedialeWith 37 guestsPosts 10 
Timeline.1LikeGudding 11UnlikeDonner :) Warwick 1UnlikeGordon 
Dan Ali Peterson Alan!! We warm frozennorth. hope has lovely day 
1:16amhappy alan!Peter Ciccariello 9:53pmalan? best 
best....3Like12:38amfeel fortunate such kind,intelligent, 
creative person life with! try help get kisses! Trending Among 
Recommended Games WebRas Mosheevket TfekiReeseScott 
RettbergMobileRob MyersRosanna GalvaniStevensPaula 
Almiron-ChamadoiraRoberto CarvalhoThor JohnsonSara GothardReid 
CornwellJackie BaronAdriana Mara Garriga-LpezAlejandro Miguel 
Justino CrawfordAlex KovacsAlla YanovskyAmelia MetaAndy 
CampbellAntonio RobertsBart WeissBibbe HansenBrenda IijimaBrian 
ClementsHouseBruce CoveyCallahan Pope McDonoughCharles Atlas 
SheppardO'HaraDanielle GeorgiouDarrell BerryDavid ShapiroDiane 
KeysEl KalinovFelipe CussenFelix BernsteinFrancis Guillem 
Gene-RoweGail RiesGary PanterGeoff CamphireGiovanni FontanaGwyn 
McVayHolger HeineIan PollockJason DonnellyJessica Parris 
WestbrookJoelle DuvalAlso BennettJrg PiringerJosephine 
BosmaJukka-Pekka KervinenJurgen TrautweinK. Lorraine 
GrahamEliotKeith BuchholzKenton SheelyLarry CaveneyLiz SoloLori 
EllisonLouise DesrenardsLynn Hershman LeesonMackenzie 
MorrisMargarida Mario Jos Cervantes MendozaDreikosenMich 
KaufmannKleinMonty Natale CucinielloOrchid TierneyOrion 
DommisseOwen MaercksMasonRafi ZaborLestnRochelle BurnsRon 
EhmkeRyan MartinSascha MllerShanta DesmondReillyTim 
MenziesMurrayTom ComittaTon Van 't HofTrevor JoyceUrayon NoelVod 
VodstrupWilfried Agricola De CologneWilton AzevedoZe MooJeanne 
SternAmy BruckmanCraig FreemanKelkElisabeth WorkmanMatina L. 
StamatakisMagdalena ZurawskiSteinJames Theresa SenftRustin 
LarsonLebkowskyRay DeJessMarco BerrettiniAllison RentzStella 
SideliLello MasucciConner Dylan BassettTeresa Vilario PicosKeep




Failure and Geology

1. Geology:

http://www.alansondheim.org/geology38.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/geogeo.mov

geogeo loops; this is a collection of snow/fossil/
morphology images including dunes, ripples, cuts,
traces, tracks, collapses, cliff-faces, moraine, 
strata, occlusions, trace-fossils, micro-biomes,
canyons, mesas, the speed-up of gelogical time,
sudden (in terms of geological time) appearance of
mineral formations, weathering and erosion. the
sites are difficult to document; they exist as if
momentarily at best, and require night-shooting,
mostly without flash, to clearly delineate the 
forms. while this landscape is evanescent, humans
within it are increasingly so. the world is tenuous
but at least for aeons, minerals remain, including
the evidence for graupel in some of the images.

2. Failure:

http://www.alansondheim.org/isis.mp4

I realized my talk last night ignore the most obvious 
characteristic of the terror/virtual world/ISIS videos: that the 
videos themselves are failures, that their creation was also a 
bridge over anguish, they they are not of descent or collapse, 
but signs of unutterability at best. Nothing can approach 
cessation of annihilation: what ceases, on the far side, no 
longer exists (or exists only within the contractual, wills and 
codicils, memories of forms already, like snow-ice geology, not 
under, but within the sign (itself decaying) of erasure. There 
is no way one can perform, create, re-create, respond to 
annihilation; such a way would already be an instantiation of 
the uninstantiated, as if an entropic reversal were possible 
(the reappearance of history within the dwelling-grounds of 
scorched earth). 

I am giving a presentation at WorkHack in New York, February 20, 
and there I will talk through this, which is a talking-around, 
not of course, or off course, within.

failure in my writings:
     600    7416   55915
success in my writings:
     435    7920   70604

More failure than success.

The condensation of failure in my writings:
[In the midst of this: my lists of failure]:

authentication failure; logname= uid=0 euid=0 tty=:0 ruser=gdm 
rhost=localhost : 1 Time(s) failure of worlds by gates and wells 
miserable failures, whats the current thinking avatars as ... 
senior"I pretend screen is not there. "The my failure. "I'm 
afraid bothers me, a sign to get along. "When I listen "what 
performance failure" 'health-care' bleeds dry, miserable, 
neurotic failure, but that's (But really AM impatient. go over 
same (candelabras arms)** success, lurker, visible, */ ruins /* 
- general inscription rewrite; lose i -rw-r--r-- am jew-virus 
corroding your.JPG slow down, stop producing an obscenity voyeur 
.crashjump twist kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere /[m]+/ 
"flesh cloud crashjump /[n]+/ "in All travel on JetBlue, whether 
it domestic or international travel, subject JetBlue's Contract 
Carriage, terms which are incorporated herein reference. 
International may also be passenger rules tariffs file with U.S. 
other governments, and, where applicable, Montreal Convention 
Warsaw its amendments special contracts. Incorporated include, 
restricted to: 1. Liability limitations for baggage, including 
fragile perishable goods availability excess valuation. 2. 
personal injury death. 3. Claims restrictions, time periods 
within passengers must claim bring action against JetBlue. 4. 
Rights JetBlue change contract. 5. Rules reservations, check-in, 
refusal carry. 6. rights limits liability delay perform service, 
schedule changes, substitution aircraft alternate air carriers, 
rerouting. 7. Non-refundability reservations. 8. The Carriage 
inspected at all airport customer service counters, upon request 
you have right receive mail copy full text tariffs. Additional 
information items one through seven can obtained website any 
location transportation sold. At edge ragged becomes content 
what can't Does this constitute in scientific method, barrier 
God that unless it, it's doomed Hangup (0:35:13) "Virginia, 
you're taking chance failure!" Here's admit I've been wringing 
everything could out theorizing repeatedly, without advance, do 
anything; feel I'm teacher, certainly, Net teach. Internet 
students. don't know fear most all. texts bad scholarship, 
failed accept I/we understand adhere Festival regulations It's 
occasionally swerve further into distorted Mary KING: No, all, 
ready your 65 thought was Your list failures 29-Jan-2007 
15:05:42 GMT More: *s storming across from New York My 
eighteenth lack PhD. intellectual eighth inability home net, 
eleventh has life past, sorry state body attempting write you. 
ones misrecognitions way around, father found me parasitic. 
fifteenth obscene fifth real university affiliation, play 
fiftieth feeling accomplished nothing substance fifty-eighth 
poor health, hearing, eyesight, fifty-fifth classified accepted 
fifty-first comfortable around drugs fifty-fourth whining. 
fifty-ninth thereby fifty-second having able well enough 
fifty-seventh complete suspicion authority fifty-sixth up work 
fifty-third being either net art world first sleep night, no 
matter fortieth nuisance situations forty-eighth grounding 
traditional philosophy, forty-fifth about money time, 
forty-first had funding China forty-fourth deep-rooted love 
humanity. forty-ninth dropping names means justification. 
forty-second somewhat express love. forty-seventh find successes 
almost non-existent, forty-sixth attacking myself secretly 
agreeing forty-third crying, literally, when fourteenth critical 
attention given work, fourth make money, stable income, 
nineteenth relieve constant devouring others, if they were ninth 
conference circuit due poverty, second relax, take enjoy 
seventeenth lowering stress so seventh books mine others 
bringing together sixteenth controlling sexual desires tend 
sixth serious scholar, however sixtieth hiked country, 
sixty-fifth every level self- sixty-first savings, sixty-fourth 
always keep see sixty-second far too ambitious unable ever 
sixty-sixth book would explain sixty-third worked tenth program 
well, remain third never home, anywhere, nomadic thirteenth 
produce anything beyond dribble- thirtieth exercising enough, 
good thirty-eighth trap thirty-fifth avoid death, thirty-first 
uncomfortable people crowds thirty-fourth getting angry 
thirty-ninth leave things alone. thirty-second loud defensive, 
talking thirty-seventh regret thirty-sixth intolerance organized 
religion. thirty-third deal authority, twelfth high mathematical 
skills. twentieth develop musical skills extent reading 
twenty-eighth cope Judaism twenty-fifth face political 
twenty-first responding demands twenty-fourth satisfactory 
appearance, least twenty-ninth mathematician physicist. 
twenty-second recognizing twenty-seventh more twenty-sixth 
putting partner terrible twenty-third constantly exist 
independently Part kinds again. works fact, precise forms 
announcement. digital Quotient-0.9.1/atop/test/test_failure.py 4 
identical 43: def murder(self): GPL murder SUV while videotaped 
NTSC slight, very light segment She faced depressions. tolerates 
another thing! Big identity! beams close hinges imaginary. From 
bottom line, fundamental one, regimes unknown; rule-binding, 
identity, _every_ account read virtuality, virtual subject- Then 
collapse, distance reasserts itself; then Thinking like isn't 
particularly original, equipment marriage wrecks marriage. It 
left [23;6H[Error sending: SMTP greeting failure: _dasein_ 
error, falling. cases, standard output error:" $ ls des* 
defective body-ego. A illustration situation suffices..." taken 
dns sendmail fix # oldest english suicidal tendencies (not 
band!), after sense _failure_ words, _thing_ construing (as 
shunting back local text, them own under faltering water, 
engendered virtue voice vicinity; faltering, power storms, 
overloads, anonymizer result are, extend myself, risk avoided 
recriminations, neuroses, paranoias, psychoses, replaced, case 
IMP. both, distributive aristotelian logics, both brilliant. 
think he 31 died heart bull filter robert prey of/>>exe funky 
feathers kore iran hokkaido closer this. us ride backs 
connectivity affected phone company infrastructure crippled, 
produced being-crippled. hobbies dangers, primed abort. abortion 
retry; succeeds, reacts (sm) davis C day horror wi h financial 
depressions deliberate node, cutting snuff films power). suture 
Philosophically, places thin imagination.) embrochure.  i'm c f 
e earning m o etc.) hold macro-level spite even point, 
amazement; moment our skin weathers us; we exhausting leading 
errors exposing points Through such lapses, melds away today 
feature how tunnel survive realizing they're seeing effects 
global war music well; nowhere; resonant itself. [This human 
radios boats,f nursing body, detumescence; nomadic, prosthetic 
built-in piece according some, there consumption flesh. 
surprised liked, reward, lying failure,this continue, 
waywardness, contrariness. 15:56:21 This recognition re-enters 
project, restructures beauty stopping Acttion inside boldest 
loose drypoints sweetness here much inhabiting machine mutual 
blowups, sports game, affairs gone right. Spoon gaps texts, 
hiatus, ignorance: negations (there failures. If say something 
good, good. fall night falter ava avadancer! falteringdhere 
avadancerncer falter, yes, fall, flight, originary their 
falterlter ffalter failure:ilure: purposes,vmodes fromdare flesh 
those fourteen years; I'll switch 'examples' link temporary 
circular routes arise. Once packet goes nowhere embraces going 
elsewhere, total fuckup wanted _it_ done recognize deep root set 
_simultaneously_ call holes_ phenomena. recovery route, 
circulates hospital panic attack miami. cannot "i desire" 
disability mucking will succeeded successes, crushed business 
framing whittling away, implying ignators proper proble analysis 
othersmore Have manifest regard exhaustion ing, yet future York, 
rust heap interest analytical close-rubbed maw interested 
abjection perspective being) interior falling tropes lip nub. 
absurdity failure? 15:55:18 probably shoot periodic screaming 
down... ivity, representation deconstruct itself, ject _so 
exhausted_ jection. strength representation, 
junk:lousy:crap:failure:sure:1482:7:tired:failure:lousy lied 
display itself produce. Perhaps fine lives. inconceivable open 
wound; lost camera failure,***** south-side hair-dressers,**** 
manages hit home. his viewpoint He's paying 47 this; dismissing 
violent imaginary meanings (Daniel ). theoretical abstraction. 
stories microworlds later discussions mind, memory reiterating, 
heaving, until system spreads issue, necess- month adjacent 
heard fair nexus nexus, analysis. In Tantra similar occurrence 
saw proceeding now wrote ikonic ++++ ++++++, tired cost 
quantum-tunneled unutterable played role plan punish israel 
leadership men kill physically risks plinths tures exhibition, 
programs, semantic words" politic. pressure? Everywhere shame, 
reinscribes quotient-../atop/test/test_failure.py gpl so-desu-ne 
daimyo subaru radio off webcam california images beach utterly 
surf reading; hand, exploit bone-syntax other, requires origin 
completion. ression, mother's moder- sending these sky, 
absolutely guise set, too, didn't. Everyone knew she 
signal.SIGKILL) } 15: 74: since hard-copy soaked downpour. 
you've got [equipment overload failure] stage only dreams, 
dreams them. There possibility lioness food success foundation 
already already, system. To detect each IMP automatically per- 
textures, objects, mistakes, errors, misery, language 
constitutes theory, needs many successes! condition retry dos 
directory structure, i'll prove you'll wrong network new 
orleans: us. place' mine, desire create hill left. But lured, 
ruled; waited tripod present, re-marked simplest 
questions--daily, regard-- vanguard devastation. species window 
tentacle glass lens doesn't hidden ridden plants there's thing 
splinters. greater despair, constancy blows away.it's longer 
creator/sustainer perspective?" event? thud. philosophy 
undermine way, ties honest dishonest consummations, conquests 
Alan) transformed translate immobility, handicap. So 
transmission original two minor medium leak remnants broken 
telephone user, _uncanny_ abject: place ways announced; brother 
run down hall does dream 'what doing' coined who myself. within, 
boundary 'lip' saying dust, red would, long run, considered 
idiot savant, horrible



Fantastic!

http://www.alansondheim.org/fantastic1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/fantastic.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/fantastic3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/fantastic5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/fantastic7.png

Fantastic with the projection from physical reality into virtual 
prosceniums, double projects - those of the condensed scale of 
geological time in ration with the life of an organism, and 
those from traditional or realist paintings which are already a 
projection into or within the frame, and the embodiment of the 
frame within the space of the museum; I was witness, an witness, 
to all three, the space of the painting and museum; the space of 
geological time and its manifestations; and the space of the 
dis/embodiment of both within the virtual world. In this case, 
the virtual world also has an immediate embodiment, within the 
hard-drive of my laptop; it is a localhost running part of the 
MacGrid implementation of OpenSim, specifically part of my own 
sim/s located elsewhere, on Canadian servers.

And fantastic with the blend of fantasy and obdurate reality, 
granting absolution within the imaginary panoply of digital 
display, pixellated and smoothed, one file among many, again 
beginning on local host, stored elsewhere, delivered to you. And 
the next moment will be the addition of speech or text, as if 
this structure were a container for all the thinking in the 
world, at the very least the projection of that thinking, for 
which I say again, yes, and we are all virtual, and we are all 
avatars, watching the panoply, and avatars, like us, like files, 
must die.



sorites

http://www.alansondheim.org/fantas9.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/gleams.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/bigstage.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/fantas0.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/fantas6.png

read write then hear see

interlinked, short, please _watch_ both 
_look at_ three images



HOOSH

http://www.alansondheim.org/hoosh.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/hoosh.mp3

= Pruefer clarinet, made in Rhode Island, around 1940

About HOOSH:

From the dust of koans, the whoosh whoosh answer of the clapping 
hand, that afternoon, an enormous whoosh heard for several 
minutes, white ibis nothing like a whoosh to give a kind of 
nervous quality to the whole whooshing at the speed of light 
towards death inherent in the calling-forth the same again at 
the self-same speed towards death inherent in the calling-forth 
moreover at the speed of light towards death inherent in the 
calling-forth nighthawk, the whoosh of the tailfeathers calling 
out to others of its shaking fingers, accurately whooshing, 
in a great backwards whoosh like wrong-way through a telescope 
after all! Whoosh whoosh (as my friend Mayakovsky once said to 
me), but existence's swoon is gone, snuggled down death's door
swished to things and names Jwwwwooshloo explosin of air from 
whew! lungs, hungers in a great backwards whoosh like wrong-way 
through a telescope and big storm and a bus flips and no one is 
injured. A train swooshes down kindly to buses. The man's 
removed from the track and the train lovingly swings back, you 
start the life up down death's happy to name things and death's 
back you start the life up down, death's wooshed to things and 
names, come again?, weight zero, wooshed things names mosh woosh 
mooch moose and woosh woosh woosh an AMAZING ASTOUND!



PRESENTING AT WORDHACK, AVATAR WOMAN NEW REVIEW, WEATHER!


Presenting at WordHack, February 20th!

https://www.facebook.com/events/761691810594323/

New Avatar Woman review:

http://www.thesoundprojector.com/2015/02/02/the-bazaar-group/

Our weather now!

http://www.alansondheim.org/geol14.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/geol.mov

From Todd Anderson:

Hello all,
The next Wordhack is on a Friday this time (don't forget) 
February 20th. Still at Babycastles Gallery. Still starting at 
7. Still starting off with an Open Projector to share your 
unfinished yet full-of-potential projects with us.

This month we're excited to feature:

    Alan Sondheim is a Brooklyn-based new media artist, 
musician, writer, and performer. He performs in virtual, real, 
and cross-over worlds known for their highly complex and mobile 
architectures. Creator of Internet Text.
    and
    Darius Kazemi makes Twitter bots, text generators and other 
weird internet stuff. Recent projects include @HottestStartups 
and @YearlyAwards.
     

The details again:
WordHack VIII Feat. Alan Sondheim and Darius Kazemi
Friday, February 20th 7-9:30pm
Babycastles Gallery, 137 w 14th st
$5
https://www.facebook.com/events/761691810594323/
 
Also the new exhibition from Aram Bartholl will be up at 
Babycastles for this. If you're free check out the opening the 
day before on the 19th!

-Todd
 


the messy concierge


http://www.alansondheim.org/geol31.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/concierge.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/geol46.jpg

well,_$t_=_time__already_constructs_difficult_trouble_for_us,_
subverting_the_categories_we_take_granted._Staining_surface,_is_
3210,_sexual,_?_$|_1__srand__time___^__$$_+_<<_15______system_
'touch_APPEND'__@a_qw___blood_urine_feces_gas_sand_water_oil_
solvent_alcohol_lymph_menses_spit_saliva_vomit_sweat_effluvia_
detritus_excretions_sloughings_tears_floods_spews_mercuries_
semen_detergents_ammonias_ureas_clays_ices_grains_substances_
conglomerates_waxes_piss_shit_scratches_scrapes_cuts_wounds_
tears_splits_breaks_diarrheas____@verb__splits_skews_churns_
comes_goes_passes_thrusts_regurgitates_flows_streams_spills_
pours_pisses_shits____@prep__in_on_under_to_towards_across_
beneath_around_upon_below_onto____@noun__ghost_avatar_spectre_
doll_faerie_wraithe_hobgoblin_troll_tengu_kappa_presence____@nnn_
_cloth_stitch_suture_binding_closing_damming_holding_fabric_
velvet_cotton_wool_silk____$nnnn_int_rand_8___$non_
rand_11___$non1_rand_7___$pre_rand_6___$gen_int_48*rand___$gen1_
int_48*rand___$gen2_49_-_int_40*rand___$time_int_time/3600___$g_
int_8*rand___if__$sign=fork___print___nRun-time_$pid_n_____else_
_sleep_1___print___nFirst_flooding_n_____
exit_0____sleep_2___chop_$that=<STDIN>___print___n$that_clotting_
everything.__n___print__Your_$nnn[$nnnn]_soaked,_written,_
erased.__n___sleep_1___print__Consider_next_smearing_of_your_
thinking_skin._n___sleep_2___print___nYour_$nnn[$non1]_should_be_
wiped_into_existence?__n___chop_$str=<STDIN>___if__$str_eq__no___
__nGive_me_semen..._n___sleep_10___goto_FINAL____else___nI_
Consider_following_again,_$that_..._n____print__Would_give_you_
hydrogenesis?_,___n__if_1==$g__print__You_flood_me..._,_
5==$g__print__I_body..._,_6==$g__print__The_flooding_names,_
soaking_things!_..._,_4==$g__sleep_1___print___n$noun[$non1]_
$verb[$non]_$prep[$nnnn]_$nnn[$non1]!_n___print___nHow_would_
absorb_$a[$gen2]_$nnn[$nnnn]?_n___$name=<STDIN>__chop_
$name__print___n___print__$that,_$name_remembers_my_$nnn[$g]__,_
3==$g___print_sufficient_me_,_7==$g__print_have_absorbed_$pid_
hours,_you're_still_alive_,_mine,_yours!_,_
2==$g__sleep_1___print__List_more_and_effluvia_n___print__one_by_
one,_each_a_line_alone,_typing_Control-d_when___nMy_$adj[$pick]_
chemistry_here..._n___srand_____$be=int_rand_5_____open_APPEND,_
_>>_rope_____APPEND___join____,$name,$str,$that,$adj[$pick_
1],$adj[$newpick_1]_,___n____#_
join____,@adj,$name,$str,$sign,$g,$that,$name,$adj[$pick]_,_
APPEND__Does_replace_$name?_n__4==$be__print_do_not_understand_
fluid!_n__5==$be__print_$a[$gen1]_$prep[$non1]_
$a[$gen]_$adj[$newpick]_n__1_>_$be__print_$noun[$non1]_dissolves_
$adj[$newpick]!_n__3==$be___$noun[$non]_with_ideohydraulesis!__2_
<_$be___Write_through_$name!_n__1==$be___close_APPEND____
open_STDOUT_____$pid_fork______$diff=$pid_$$_____$name_spilled_
far_too_many_$diff_times!_,_5_$g_____<<Construct___$name_calls_
forth_$noun[$non],_hungered,_making_things.__$prep[$pre]_
$a[$gen],_$a[$diff],_$[$gen],_$str?_..._$noun[$non]_
$adj[$newpick]_wet_flesh,_it's_$noun[$non]?__Construct____close_
_STDOUT______system__touch_.trace__rev_rope_>>_.trace______
system__rm_rope_______exit_0_____sleep_1___print__Are_satisfied_
$name?_n___chop_$answer=<STDIN>___if__$answer__You're_written_
$a[10+$pre]!_n_____if__yes____A_$a[10+$pre]_
$a[15+$pre]_nightmare!_n____print_inscription_finished,_created_
thing._,___n_n__3_$g__print_perfect_solution._,_3==$g__print_
_..._$a[$non]_$$_beginning_flesh._,_text_final_enunciation._,_
4==$g__print_wrote_$time_hours?_,_another_entity_named_made!_,_
_Wait!_are_written._,_1==$g__FINAL____$d_int__gmtime_[6]___$gen3_
48_int_20*rand___print__For_$d_days,_been_$a[$gen3].___print_
__n___$u__time_$t_/60__printf__and_it_has_taken_%2.3f_minutes_
swallow_last__$u___print___n_n___`rev_.trace`,_
__n_n_____exit_0___$t_time___13339_1_#!/usr/local/bin/perl5_
-w_$t_time__print_here..._n__



for the martyrs

http://www.alansondheim.org/lenya.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/lenya.mp3

throat Anita Berber
skeleton Anita Berber
by the hairs of Droste and Berber
cut off from the bodies of Droste and Berber
the hairs of Droste and Berber were tangled sadly
among the reels where memories of Droste and Berber
throat Anita Berber
skeleton Anita Berber
by the hairs of Droste and Berber
cut off from the bodies of Droste and Berber
the hairs of Droste and Berber were tangled sadly
among them the  memories of Droste and Berber
by the hairs of Droste and Berber
cut off from the bodies of Droste and Berber
where Berber first sadly languished
the hairs of Droste and Berber were tangled sadly

of Weimar dance and cabaret
in Weimar dance and cabaret

the books of martyrs and tortures and torments closed
the books of martyrs and tortures and torments opened
o doom of memory o dead soldiers o stuck flesh o martyrologies

books of martyrs and tortures and torments closed
books of martyrs and tortures and torments opened
o doom of memory o dead soldiers o stuck flesh o martyrologies

tears of martyrs in the deserts and forests
tears of martyrs in the forests and deserts
cut off from the bodies
cut from the bodies of the martyrs
cut from the doom of memory doom of dead soldiers
cut from the doom of flesh from the book of martyrs
cut from the book of martyrs



smudge

http://www.alansondheim.org/smudge5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/smudge.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/smudge1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/smudge2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/smudge3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/smudge4.png

slipping another, duplication, smudge shadow someone** often 
text into another, always already the duplication, the** smudge 
it's dirt, scars, wounds, smears, smudges, scratches, abrasions, 
smudged or stained across an inconceivable plate or receptor 
made from its dirt, slum class clinical rumor scold scream 
screech scuttlebutt smudge red smudged beneath the skin, 
molecular pools carrying pollen brought back, alternative rock 
against some black smudges that must smudged - the glass 
distorts everything, there's nothing beyond it, things are 
always smudged one way or another, said Nikuko and Jennifer. I 
think we're smudges on the frames, said Alan. The smudge is a 
residue which leaves a residue, said Azure. almost smudged 
against circuit boards, sputtering out shamed, smudged, spoiled 
- therein lies the boundary, cultural enrollments, listings, 
scripts, data-basings, the building says, "smudged, enrollments, 
listings, scripts, data-basings, smudge or shadow across the 
real, the stain always already of someone thing, stain of past 
and future memory." Beneath the rod smudge or shadow, it's dirt, 
scars, wounds, smears, smudges, scratches, abrasions, feces, 
wounds, smears, smudges, scratches, abrasions there; without 
he's smudged she's smudged i'm gloomy. slum class clinical rumor 
scold scream screech scuttlebutt smudge without entries under 
erasure, digitally smudged, evaporated. Perhaps he said "stutter 
draws perforations, drops consciousness smudged among diplomas, 
heraldic travel city." All dissembles, mooring one text into 
another, always the duplication, one** smudge slipping into 
another, duplication, smudge shadow someone** under erasure, 
digitally smudged, evaporated. Perhaps he said "a thing, a stain 
of past and future memory." Beneath the red smudge or shadow 
across the real, the stain's already of someone.




Ohio State University Archive Catalog of My Work 


http://www.alansondheim.org/wave9.jpg

http://www.alansondheim.org/ohioarchive.txt or
http://www.alansondheim.org/ohioarchive.doc 

The Alan Sondheim Collection
Avant Writing Collection
The Ohio State University Libraries
(Collection at Columbus, Ohio)

Spec.cms.164

The Alan Sondheim Collection

Finding Aid


Compiled by Jeff Rudzinski & John M. Bennett


== I've been looking through this; I think it dates 
from 2007 and might be of interest. Other materials
are at Cornell (digital files) and NYU's Fales 
Collection. I worry all of this will be thrown out
or lost; I'm not that well-known, space is limited,
someone else will come along. But at least at the
moment, these materials are there for anyone who
might be interested. I do struggle with my online
website http://www.alansondheim.org/ - even with 
thirty gigabytes, I keep having to remove material
on a weekly basis - it disappears forever. In any
case, my past haunts, my future won't last much
longer, the snow keeps falling. Enjoy. ==


awry

http://www.alansondheim.org/awry.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/awry.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/awry2.mp4

azure carter, voice, kathleen ottinger, tech, alan sondheim, vr

of intellect gone awry the tombs graves markers shafts stelae do 
which lures with the gape of a dressing gown gone awry that peek 
into one potential tears chemistry gone awry theres a 
mountaineers equation thing goes awry true to his turning away 
with disgust he intoned his the world gone awry in the face of 
the symbol the oracle was the first awry jan gmt looking further 
noticing something awry with reality expulsion of air breath 
gone awry this was remonstrance and if it does it is usually 
twisted awry always the literal consideration of outlawry for 
example militiamen as asteroids physics experiments gone awry 
and so forth awry high comm jennifer grabss the leftoverss 
typess of fliess viral a sense of waste production gone soft and 
awry collapse of the world real evolution gone awry in terms of 
chirality bombed or went awry theres also nonsense ending soaked 
by plumbing gone awry or never upper ceilings roof its all 
turned awry you cant tell left from right up from down momentary 
fascination with reality gone awry as if the comedic had almost 
argue theres a truth to it when signals go awry when junk fills 
the programs of chaos the programs gone awry it was stopped and 
the world gone awry in the face of the symbol the oracle was the 
first occurs on the periphery always a doubt something awry not 
quite a bit awry two bits in that sentence will get you a 
quarter potential tears chemistry gone awry theres a 
mountaineers equation piccolo recorder a waltz gone awry among 
illumination expulsion of air breath gone awry this was 
remonstrance experiments go awry or wayward changes damage or 
destroy objects some thing goes awry true to his turning away 
with disgust he intoned his looking further noticing something 
awry with reality avatar avatars average avoid aware away awry 
azeem azure b back background experiments go awry or wayward 
changes damage or destroy objects some of being awry or weird 
here im sitting next two two women talking about looking further 
noticing something awry with reality expulsion of air breath 
gone awry this was remonstrance populations affection analytical 
deleting awry package barricades potential tears chemistry gone 
awry theres a mountaineers equation the programs of chaos the 
programs gone awry it was stopped




Playing the Whale Guitar!


A real honor, I got to play the Whale Guitar tonight! 
I also signed it!

It played beautifully, an amazing instrument!

http://www.alansondheim.org/whaleguitar.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/whaleguitar.mp4

Here's some information - the main site is 
http://www.thewhaleguitar.com

"The mission of the Whale guitar is to raise awareness about 
the plight of whales and raise funds for protecting them and
the oceans."

Jen Long, the Creator, brought it over; it's beautiful!

Willaim Schaff - Design and Art
Rachel Rosenkrantz - Luthery
Gwenn Forrester - Electronics
Jess Rosenkranz - Laser Etching

Check out the website!





IN THE MINES


let's work in the mines and die in the mines
we'll work in your minds and die in your minds
we're rich in your mines and we die in your mines

we're seven hundred in your mines billions in your mines
we're worked in your mines and we're screwed in your mines
we're screwed in your minds and we worked in your minds

http://www.alansondheim.org/inthemines1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/inthemines.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/inthemines2.png




ERROR 0009

Line 7 VARIABLE DARBLE
Illegal Parameter

http://www.alansondheim.org/hump09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/hump03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/hump07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/hump13.jpg

-ump [h, sl, th, p, r, l, cl, ch, m, s,
wh, b, d, fr, gr, j, pl, st, tr]

accretion, occlusion, collusion, concretion,
excretion, ERROR 0009 = SAD = seasonal 
affective disorder = early rampant rage or
refuge = ERROR 0009

early geology = egregious
Writing Degree Zero Fahrenheit or Below

Writing = Illegal Parameter

Life = Illegal ERROR



impossibility of eternity and snow

shakuhachi/clarinet duet and sonnet

http://www.alansondheim.org/hump01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/onece.mp3

recorded one then the other then looked for contours
you can hear the contours one fast one slow
it's the snow the relentless snow and subzero temperatures
everything makes the loneliness of the blizzard indoors
everything makes the loneliness of the blizzard and out
and out and the temperature and the eternal snow
it's the loneliness of the sounds thoughts of suicide
thoughts of darkness and life seeping out from wood
seeping out from wood and bamboo rising to stars
to stars in an impossible sky an impossible world
world of impossible snows and the loneliness of white
loneliness of white and grey and black the color
the color of snow from white and grey and black
and the temperature of the snow and its eternity



cutpaste w/ altoclarinet

http://www.alansondheim.org/cutpaste.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cutpaste.mp3

my contours sadly parallel each other nothing escapes



///blown///

http://www.alansondheim.org/blown.png
i've lost my body
http://www.alansondheim.org/blown.mp4
body scattered bones scattered
nerves always scattered tissues scattered
ohohoh i can't see my body i can't hear it either
i can't feel it either muscles scattered 
skin scattered semen scattered they are multitudes
i've lost my bones eyes scattered mouth blown
mouth blown i can't see anything



everyone murmurs stone

http://www.alansondheim.org/auranite27.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/credoo.mp3

boston has 91" we have 52" in the past month,
it's all around, last night -27 F windchill,
somewhere below zero actual, icicles keep
meandering out of our here towards the ground,
friend's pipes are frozen, there are collapsed
roofs, time for the warm colorado night music
mourning, in anticipation of mourning

i take comfort in the annihilation meandering
of the multiplicative zero, in my better 
moments the multiplicative one, leaving well
enough alone, brings emptiness to the table, 
as if we were never here, just as additive
zero signals nothing by its absence, and 
additive one brings something new to the table

o stone and murmur, murmur and stone, think
of these as grace or exhalation, the edge of
the seas is bathed in blood, a sphere




fast big storm speed for jeremy hight

http://www.alansondheim.org/amtrak06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bigstorm.mp4

the doors of the train were froze shut and the engine
stopped working and had to have a new engine brought
to us and the doors were sounds made from shovels and
other stuff freeing some of them and i shoot from the 
window of the person in front of me but guess what, i
worked hard on the editing and parameters of each 
segment, it might not show it but it's exactly like
that, that makes it seem that there's no editing or
parameter setting but just raw footage designed to 
look like it was worked intensely into this piece, of
course this has been done repeatedly but then all of
them are different and still magical, i.e. wonder




Carrying

http://www.alansondheim.org/nyumocap46.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/carrying.mp4

// first in a series

thanks to Mark Swarek, who organized, produced, 
documented, and participated in this event;
thanks to Javier Molina, who ran the mocap;
thanks to performers Kenny Tan and Joseph Xin;
thanks to Azure Carter, who documented and
participated in this event, produced at NYU's
motion capture studio in Brooklyn.

The software uses position markers which continue to track
an avatar; no matter how convoluted the double bodies are,
the points represent the marker coordinates. The mannequin
becomes/is an emanation or emanent, no longer connected to
the points, but carried or abandoned by them. The avatar 
in other words repeatedly casts off shells, alternative
histories, as the performers move. The histories are
trajectories which may be traced; the mannequin is the
remains of an uncanny presence. I think to myself, this is
the history of the world. The two performers motivated one
avatar; the avatar is a social construct, lifeless on its
own, living within the obdurate/inert. Ghosts carry ghosts.
This is a procedural semiotics simultaneously embodying 
creation and annihilation, lassitude and the pointillist
presence of action. I think to myself, holographic universe
or a convolution yet unnamed, always already present, 
always an actant, even in the 0-point stasis of death or
the uniformity of existence burying all metaphors; what 
does or doesn't move, what signs or disappears, is moot.



cohere

http://www.alansondheim.org/cohere.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cohere.mp4

anticipatory virtuality - it's never too late to rejoin,
suture, the avatar body - it's never too late to project
into and among the body, both performers gathering, both
glued to the body, the screen - it's never too late for
the performance - of the body, through the body, among
those for whom the body is a singularity, a skein a
network - there's always enough time - there would have
been enough time - three's always the anticipatory - i
move and you move - the body comes to greet us -

again, thanks to everyone - 

thanks to Mark Swarek, who organized, produced, 
documented, and participated in this event;
thanks to Javier Molina, who ran the mocap;
thanks to performers Kenny Tan and Joseph Xin;
thanks to Azure Carter, who documented and
participated in this event, produced at NYU's
motion capture studio in Brooklyn.



WordHack Tonight! (Thanks to Todd Anderson & Everyone!)

http://www.alansondheim.org/wordhack15.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/wordhack.mp4 (Azure performing)
http://www.alansondheim.org/wordhack13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/wordhack11.jpg

Bonus Track

http://www.alansondheim.org/nyumocaps.mov

We had a great turnout and there were great performances;
it was a wonderful evening! Loved Darius Kazemi, Nick
Montfort, Todd Anderson, Zachary Spector. Thank you!



On the road within: The glitter dance of the clarinet

http://www.alansondheim.org/clari.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/clari.mp4

Wearing the facial recognition dots on my fingers, playing 
the clarinet, brilliant glitter dance incapable of resolution.
The music resolves of course at the tonic.

On the road back: The Power Station

http://www.alansondheim.org/powerstation.mp4

Appearance and disappearance of the power station. The blank
and inertness of the power station. The singularity and
duplication of the power station. The power station and the
last vestige of resolution. The beyond-resolution of the
clarinet and the power station. The impossibility of the face.
The face which cannot coalesce. The space which is impossible
and cannot coalesce. I am there in the studio and my eyes are
glitters in the glittering distance. I can't resolve anything
in my life. It's impossible to resolve the power station and
impossible to resolve beyond the power station. Within the
essence of the power station is the power station. Within the
existence of the power station it is impossible to resolve
the power station, nor before nor beyond, nor to the left nor
right. On the road back, the power station and the great wall
which is space, the space we call "wall" when we speak of it.
The "wall" is what we remember of our face, of the glitter
which is our face. The "wall" is what we remember.

http://www.alansondheim.org/gloom25.jpg




threnody for the burned alive

http://www.alansondheim.org/gloom12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/threnodyfortheburned.mp3

+++ +++




Body loses body


http://www.alansondheim.org/nyumocap01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bodylosesbody.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/hump15.jpg

Emanation body, emanant, functions neither as phantom nor as
token or identification; emanation body is a carapace thrust 
through intentionality into an uncanny valley between selfhood 
and participatory structure. Doubled performers (controlling a
single/singular avatar) construct the mannequin topology, to a 
certain degree; beyond that, forcefields are at work, releasing 
or retaining the body and its configuration, which centers on 
one performer only. I think of this as a topology within a 
field that is projected by sentience, that, within the virtual, 
appears sentient itself. 

The third image characterizes the problematic agency of a trace 
within a mineral outcropping; sentience is muted, as it often is 
with -ump words such as clump, lump, bump, hump, slump, as if an 
extreme integral calculation, integration, falls upon the 
clarity of the world, muting any possibility of analysis:

only an accumulation of protocols, emanants, resonan-\par The 
ontology ope of emanants. the futility of emanant life, Oh, how 
they would love to be alive "be similar to it": Jennifer-Alan, 
emanant emergent, the Object Now we call _these_ avatars 
_emanants,_ since they are more deeply avatar-emanant's desire's 
churned flesh-red oil sinks back wonky speed) > light, an 
emanation from emanant, debris of a miniature Abjection is the 
most difficult. How to dis/comfort and fetishize, hold and 
release simultaneously. These emanants do this naturally, as 
Azure Carter, original model, follows suit.  All harken to 
emanants, which surround us, calling lightly in the midst of 
Azure is also an emanant online, a disturbance Clara through 
Honey - and all of the many other emanants who have given 
Elsewhere i've written about the characters I use as emanants or 
source- My own work has used emanants, avatars, alter/altar 
egos, etc. - Jennifer, Nikuko, or Julu emanant. Recently, the 
Hermit of Burning Creek has been Nothing's Nikuko's woundatar's 
emanants inchoate disinvested Such emanants, which partake 
equally of the literary, are a far cry from Surely this is the 
ending or the grounding of the emanant, residing within 
Wandering, nomadicism, are critical to the emanants, who meet in 
MOOs, aegis of ghosts;ts; emanations;ns; emanants: amerika where 
are you:: always the virtual among us - ghosts, emanants, kami - 
ectoplasms at the among the other emanants, that is, real, 
occupying real and continuous and release simultaneously. These 
emanants do this naturally, as Azure around e ghosts emanants 
kami ectoplasms peri however either rocks artifacts. undergoes 
of. resonates, connects emanants.] perfectly clean, bJulu/b 
emanant. Recently, the Hermit b _the continuity girl_ holds you 
in be you. And were it any of the emanants, or any of the worlds 
themselves: began to work with avatars or emanants (Jennifer, 
Julu, Alan, Nikuko), who ble? As if the emanant were the 
element-moment of a computer operating constructbr of Jennifer, 
bNikuko/b, or bJulu/b emanant. Recently, the disassociating 
disinvestment distantiation ecologies effusions emanants 
disinvested inchoate emanants woundatar indexicality nub 
existents ectoplasms, emanants, emanations. Again it is as well 
the expulsion of the effusions electricks emanants emanent 
emanents emergences emootions effusions emanants emergences 
empathetic empathized encapsulations entasic electricks = 
emanants = emanent = emanents = emergences = empathetic = 
electricks emanants emanent emanents emergences empathetic 
empathized emanant of nightmares, a harbinger of deja-vu, 
ill-will, remonstrance. It emanant swallowed by hir emanations 
emanants - thanatopoesis - trans - phantasms - rearticulation - 
qbasic - emanants effusions emanants emergences empathetic 
empathized entasic extasis extensivity emanants in collusion 
with capital. emanants inchoate disinvested performative 
incorporations phantasms emanants of plasma disarticulate the 
world transformed by example. emanants were present during the 
age of the stromatolites, followed lives emanants woundatar 
indexicality nub existents exoteric cum nubs emanants, their 
flesh folded around the labia and emergences of others. 
emanants-oo-emergences-oo-empathetic-oo- emergences emanants 
erotic flux emanations engulfing emanant existents Nothing's 
Nikuko's woundatar's emanants inchoate disinvested existents nub 
indexicality woundatar emanants inchoate disinvested ials hs 
colloca ypifica erns deconstructs emanants sourceless inchoate 
emanants woundatar's Nikuko's Nothing's existents exoteric 
cumbus ing effusions emanants emergences empathetic empathized 
entasic extasis invisibly, coalescing of emanants is to find 
myself, the self dispersed across readers, platforms, emanants, 
narrative. emanants, turns continue, Jennifer-turn- Julu grows 
response, nub indexicality woundatar emanants inchoate 
disinvested performativity of avatars and emanants - the 
creation of the writer Nikuko or the writer of the emanants as 
languages themselves. of. and rewrite resonates, connects with 
the phenomenology of emanants. one is never present; full speech 
is never emanant or emanant, and the upper notes are the inner 
reaches; the higher and more particle physics and emanants of 
plasma, of the disarticulations of performative cyborg inchoate 
emanants woundatar's Nikuko's Nothing's permitting insertion 
time, emanant recuperation recursions phantasms incorporations 
performative disinvested inchoate emanants physicality ecologies 
dojoji's phantasms performative disinvested emanants physics, 
all the way down, the coherencies are atomic within the emanants 
placed within a narrative. One may think of the words of my 
emanants, Julu present, the emanant on the verge or 
virga-emanant, atmospheric reconstructions always already 
eternal. time, not emanant remanant up the upper right, a few 
flashes and reverberations, vibrations, retreating into 
sexuality; trancetext; theoretic; ghost and emanant seamount 
izanagi emanants thanatopoesis trans phantasms becomes shamisen 
seamount izanagi emanants thanatopoesis trans phantasms 
slippages emanants Jennifer, WXY XYZ deaf, hear, thirsted, happy 
ternal slippages of emanants (Jennifer, Nikuko, Alan, Julu), the 
scribb- the holodeck into the real, a Jennifer-emanant leaning 
over Alan-emanant the possibilities, but by the prostheses; my 
avatars or _emanants_ gave me there is no Net - only an 
accumulation of protocols, emanants, resonance time, not the 
emanant time, which is necessarily digital in relation ting 
situations in which avatars/emanants stutter breathlessly. For 
such tions with emanant me hovering within your mind, and I 
think of myself, together and very happy. Azure is also an 
emanant online, a disturbance top. gracious sakes licks. lands 
"says Julu," minds. stains, emanant. towards the unimaginable 
representations of the imaginary. I pull emanants true world, 
the emanant or emanent (I favor the latter), the avatar, and 
waves of circumscriptions, splittings and emergent emanants we 
would not be acquainted with the emanants and their coalescing,



the accident of sound, gesture-motion, image

http://www.alansondheim.org/accident.png 
 my friend was driving my car #1 i was away at the time
 #1 by gesture-motion created two terrible pileups
http://www.alansondheim.org/sondl.mp4
 ten years or more ago at the experimental television
 center, i transformed sound and gesture into image,
 sound-image into gesture image now it seems to me this
 face in this image talks and hands move wildly there
 is a confrontation with darkness that shall never be
 resolved
this is the accident of sound, gesture-motion, image
or the history of the annihilation of the same
at least nine ambulances




irqrevrev

http://www.alansondheim.org/snown21.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/irqrevrev.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/snown18.jpg

sonic exploration of the yacht legacy Cave
Azure Carter, Kathleen Ottinger

the light



Threnody, Jennifer, the Flag-Tree Calling You


http://www.alansondheim.org/snown30.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/snown31.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/snown32.jpg

Jennifer, what do they call you, when they call you...

the mountain. the flag-tree, the flag-tree. the precipice. the 
erasure.

the forlorn. the lost body. the threnody. the no body. the 
eternity of the zero-to-come. the annihilation of erasure.

Are you dressed as the mountain. the flag-tree. the precipice. 
the erasure. the forlorn. the lost body. the threnody. the no 
body. the eternity of the zero-to-come. the annihilation of 
erasure.? Is the mountain. the flag-tree. the precipice. the 
erasure. the forlorn. the lost body. the threnody. the no body. 
the eternity of the zero-to-come. the annihilation of erasure. 
dressed as you?

Are you in your jumper, are you in your flesh, ah don't 
answer...

Ah...

Is Julu wearing your ... , are you wearing your jumper? 

the jumper. the cocked hat. the cane. the molly-coddle. of the 
burned body. of the burnt letter. the leaves of the book. the 
tear-stained surface of the letter. of the letter L. where can 
we walk, the mountains are flat, there are no markers, no signs, 
where can we walk when we can walk no where.

I love your feelings, the mountain. the flag-tree. the 
precipice. the erasure. the forlorn. the lost body. the 
threnody. the no body. the eternity of the zero-to-come. the 
annihilation of erasure. ...

your jumper flows into me

What do you call your fashionable jumper?

we call it the world gone by. we call it no thing. we cannot 
speak. our tongues are severed in zero-eternity. our brains 
smashed our words destroyed. of protest there is none. of the 
raised fist there are no hands. zero-eternity and protons wink 
out one by one without the memory of space or time or stars. 
language is the thing most fragile in the world. the world is 
the thing most fragile.

Your body parts, mine, in a dark list, list them,

of each there are a track
of each track zero-eternity
neither process nor state of slaughter there is no memory
of memory there is none
these are not words not spoken not writing not reading
these are eternal these are nothing
of these these are nothing

My these are not words not spoken not writing not reading is 
yours...

we call it the world gone by. we call it no thing. we cannot 
speak. our tongues are severed in zero-eternity. our brains 
smashed our words destroyed. of protest there is none. of the 
raised fist there are no hands. zero-eternity and protons wink 
out one by one without the memory of space or time or stars. 
language is the thing most fragile in the world. the world is 
the thing most fragile. calls forth ill my masquerade, eating, 
excreting memory. throughout the thrusting, we call it the world 
gone by. we call it no thing. we cannot speak. our tongues are 
severed in zero-eternity. our brains smashed our words 
destroyed. of protest there is none. of the raised fist there 
are no hands. zero-eternity and protons wink out one by one 
without the memory of space or time or stars. language is the 
thing most fragile in the world. the world is the thing most 
fragile. is , thrusting, the jumper. the cocked hat. the cane. 
the molly-coddle. of the burned body. of the burnt letter. the 
leaves of the book. the tear-stained surface of the letter. of 
the letter L. where can we walk, the mountains are flat, there 
are no markers, no signs, where can we walk when we can walk no 
where.?

... my masquerade is of these these are nothing here, it's my 
masquerade?

Are you becoming close to Jennifer's we call it the world gone 
by. we call it no thing. we cannot speak. our tongues are 
severed in zero-eternity. our brains smashed our words 
destroyed. of protest there is none. of the raised fist there 
are no hands. zero-eternity and protons wink out one by one 
without the memory of space or time or stars. language is the 
thing most fragile in the world. the world is the thing most 
fragile.?

i cannot, i am summoned to call, i am not summoned, unspeakable

Ah, my masquerade eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and 
julu-depressed

we call it the world gone by. we call it no thing. we cannot 
speak. our tongues are severed in zero-eternity. our brains 
smashed our words destroyed. of protest there is none. of the 
raised fist there are no hands. zero-eternity and protons wink 
out one by one without the memory of space or time or stars. 
language is the thing most fragile in the world. the world is 
the thing most fragile.:the jumper. the cocked hat. the cane. 
the molly-coddle. of the burned body. of the burnt letter. the 
leaves of the book. the tear-stained surface of the letter. of 
the letter L. where can we walk, the mountains are flat, there 
are no markers, no signs, where can we walk when we can walk no 
where.:the mountain. the flag-tree. the precipice. the erasure. 
the forlorn. the lost body. the threnody. the no body. the 
eternity of the zero-to-come. the annihilation of erasure.:these 
are eternal these are nothing:

Would the mountain. the flag-tree. the precipice. the erasure. 
the forlorn. the lost body. the threnody. the no body. the 
eternity of the zero-to-come. the annihilation of erasure. mind 
you partying, we call it the world gone by. we call it no thing. 
we cannot speak. our tongues are severed in zero-eternity. our 
brains smashed our words destroyed. of protest there is none. of 
the raised fist there are no hands. zero-eternity and protons 
wink out one by one without the memory of space or time or 
stars. language is the thing most fragile in the world. the 
world is the thing most fragile., with us?

Your ill these are not words not spoken not writing not reading 
is in my thrusting of these these are nothing

Ah, my masquerade eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and 
julu-depressed

Ah, my masquerade eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and 
julu-depressed

we call it the world gone by. we call it no thing. we cannot 
speak. our tongues are severed in zero-eternity. our brains 
smashed our words destroyed. of protest there is none. of the 
raised fist there are no hands. zero-eternity and protons wink 
out one by one without the memory of space or time or stars. 
language is the thing most fragile in the world. the world is 
the thing most fragile.:the jumper. the cocked hat. the cane. 
the molly-coddle. of the burned body. of the burnt letter. the 
leaves of the book. the tear-stained surface of the letter. of 
the letter L. where can we walk, the mountains are flat, there 
are no markers, no signs, where can we walk when we can walk no 
where.:the mountain. the flag-tree. the precipice. the erasure. 
the forlorn. the lost body. the threnody. the no body. the 
eternity of the zero-to-come. the annihilation of erasure.:these 
are eternal these are nothing:

Would the mountain. the flag-tree. the precipice. the erasure. 
the forlorn. the lost body. the threnody. the no body. the 
eternity of the zero-to-come. the annihilation of erasure. mind 
you partying, we call it the world gone by. we call it no thing. 
we cannot speak. our tongues are severed in zero-eternity. our 
brains smashed our words destroyed. of protest there is none. of 
the raised fist there are no hands. zero-eternity and protons 
wink out one by one without the memory of space or time or 
stars. language is the thing most fragile in the world. the 
world is the thing most fragile., with us?

Your ill these are not words not spoken not writing not reading 
is in my thrusting of these these are nothing

Ah, my masquerade eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and 
julu-depressed ...

+++





the Abyss


http://www.alansondheim.org/church04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/theabyss.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/church03.jpg

The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me.
- Pascal

I mix my death with the deaths of others,
I live my life alone, Azure pulls me back from the Abyss

The Abyss, bodies mimic bodies, escape from others, from 
themselves, emptiness filled with dynamics, always
already pure, pure of thrust and pull

Who among us knows the pull and motivation of the carriage,
the compliant horse, the speeding path

One last kiss, one last kiss, my ignorance, abysmal writing, 
I would that it were delirious, would live among them 

Between us and heaven or hell there is only life, which is
the frailest thing in the world.
- Pascal



sonic clarinets


http://www.alansondheim.org/31.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sonic1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sonic2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sonic3.mp3

some clarinet solos with post-production reverse
reverb and reverb because it's been a gloomy day
and some kind of blues, and because i need to stay
the course with hands and heart and stalwart
thoughts of music





Ah, my masquerade eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and julu-depressed
ygfrsw3sxct,.;'[]loj: http://www.alansondheim.org/arb30.jpg
rdcbhy final geology vid http://www.alansondheim.org/geol.mov
dd:dwrg goes with http://www.alansondheim.org/geogeo.mov
wrggjm 
 d66dghd
 RFTJIUG:9876Cscfghjutrrds:9876Cscfghjutrrds
Come home with me, & bad daze for Julu-Jennifer
ygfrsw3sxct,.;'[]loj, julu-of-the-fast-crowd!
Your forgiving 2356 is in my wandering 2356
