

(Art Papers, 1994)



_Throat_


_[The Great Invisible_ by Leslie Thornton, 35 min. 16mm preliminary
version, 1993, 90 min. 16mm version in process]


*I. The Film Which Makes the Case*


_From the script:_ Trophimovsky (Eberhardt's father): _"If it were at
all well done, Isabelle, this might be interesting. But as it stands,
it's a bit vulgar...and rough. You can do better than this... You
should not waste your time. And you should certainly not waste my
time. So pack up this littledisplay of yours, and your entourage, and
go practice elsewhere... This is not appropriate behavior FOR THE
LIBRARY!"_


        Writing in the midst of a work, or a work in progress - wri-
ting the progress of a work filled with interruptions - a project by
Leslie Thornton, _The Great Invisible,_ in the form of a thirty-five
minute work, a film on its way to completion, a beginning which, as
Lucian says, "is half the whole," upon which, as Ausonius says, one
"begins again."

        _The Great Invisible_ - whch is the invisibility of the signi-
fier itself - is mapped upon (if stuttering, speechlessness, "quiet-
ism," is a mapping) the life of Isabelle Eberhardt, 1877-1904, a
"daughter of the Victorian age" who eventually led a double life of
Muslim and libertine. She was the illegitimate child of a nihilist and
"Pope" of the Russian Orthodox Church, who educated her. At 20,
Eberhardt fled to the deserts of the Mahgreb, where, dressed as a man,
she gained acceptance into the Arab community. She travelled through-
out the oases of Algeria, scandalizing the French colonialists, living
within a "predominately" masculine milieu. She was and is regarded as
a fool, spy, or saint. She took lovers as she pleased. After marriage
with an Arab clerk and years of debauchery, in 1904 she slipped out of
a hospital where she was being treated for malaria, for a reunion with
her husband. Following a night of drinking and "passion," she was
swept away, along with her mud house, in a flash flood. There is a re-
vival of interest in her life and writings.

        The film constantly slips past the broken narrative; Isabelle
is played by four actresses who may even appear in the same scene, one
after the other. But she is "played" by none of them, and the succes-
sion becomes meaningless; instead, Isabelle shimmers, uncaught and
rarely vocal, often silenced. In fact, the "getting" of Isabelle, by
film, by her father, by gender, by the mechanism of projection itself,
is a major part of the work.

        Let us keep in mind all that I have said, with its allusions
and rough style, in order to operate upon the signifier, that which
_stands-for_ the signified, which is often psychoanalytically mined as
subtext or textual unconscious. Signifier and signified are assumed
to co-exist within a temporal framework, held by a subject whose only
leanings towards psychosis is that imaginary or pictorial realm of the
signified - in other words, what one "conjures up" when a word is spo-
ken.

        The leaning-towards psychosis is a result of a _withdrawal
from the real_ which occurs with any conjuring.

        In _The Great Invisible,_ a different ordering appears, that
of a temporal detumescence or slackening - an order associated, if you
like, with a postmodernism in which temporality collapses, embedding
the subject in a fantasm of history, non-history - a fantasm of eter-
nity. How does this ordering - which is in fact original and radical
and the occasion for this essay - appear?

        In _The Great Invisible,_ the body is on display: Isabelle
plays/mimes Sarah Bernhardt; the family (Isabelle's with reference to
Zola's) is photographed in the nude; Thornton plays Isabelle's mother
with obvious anguish; Anna, a German prostitute, is photographed as an
odalisque by a French photographer in his studio. The body appears as
a screen, expanse of skin, "exotic" clothing - desire and spectacle;
it is a _written_ but speechless body, whose signs are indecipherable.
Sections of the soundtrack, in Arabic, remain untranslated. At times,
speech is represented by title cards, as in a silent movie. The style
of the work is designed to thrust the film back into an indeterminate
past. Near the beginning, Thomas Edison speaks on the 50th anniversary
of the phonograph - the sound is distorted: "You and I are very widely
separated physically, but a great distance in miles. But time and
space have been annihilated, for us, and our minds meet, and speech is
instantaneous." (Archival footage.) At the end, Edison attempts to
speak ("Mr. Edison Speaks"); the film cuts away. When speech speaks,
time envelops the subject; the annihilation of time is a silencing
within the throat, where neurasthenia appears as a form of choking
(Isabelle's mother). The displayed/splayed body is given as the fallen
of speech; speech "gets" Isabelle.

        The silence or silencing of Isabelle, its relation to "rail-
road spine" from which her mother suffered, is a silencing in the face
of the sublime - the sublimation of voice, vocality, _comprehension,_
into immensity - an immensity which wells up within her, an "ecstatic
feeling welling in my breast." This is _not_ a facile Orientalism
hiding European imperialism; the oceanic loses itself in the desert.
As the film fluxes and stutters, vistas (desert and ocean) appear and
disappear, breaking as waves break (upon nothing, upon desire); the
film becomes oddly comfortable, a subterfuge, tunnelling the viewer
through a maternal body. This tunnelling, implied by an "oversatu-
ration of beauty and strangeness," is through a receptacle or _chora_
(Julia Kristeva's term) in which conflicting drives (body/imperialism/
gender/speech/death/desire) clash; on the other side of the _chora_
(and a railroad tunnel appears twice in the film), partial images
appear and disappear, somehwat coherent, as if they _were written or
spoken with dashes - ellipses ..._


*II. The Case Made for the Film*


_From the script:_ Scrolled text: *_"You speak and I start laughing.
Corpses come to life. I'm trying not to talk gibberish today, though
totally lost and wandering."_*


        Invert Bazin, and suppose cinema divorced, not only from rep-
resentation, but also from film - divorced even from structuralism-
materialism (dependent upon the physical apparatus itself). Instead of
a debated "language of cinema," one begins with chaos, a cinema
_cutting through the signified_ by simultaneously invoking its _full-
ness or excess,_ while emphasizing its relative _poverty_ (being poor
and being impoverished _in a passive sense_).

        The fullness or excess is given _(is in)_ the leaking of mean-
ing everywhere, inchoate symbolization, a "period appraoch" that cuts
through any specific temporality. In the script, the film begins with
a "TITLE CARD: *Pay Attention to Date*". Dates, however, dissolve in
a lushness, at times repetitive (the same shots of Algiers, for exam-
ple) that envelops the viewer. The "period approach" becomes a stain
upon/within the subject - a stain which is a "Great Invisible," or
horizon of _empty time._ The stain, in short, is the _coloration_ of
the film, which veers around the early twentieth century like a vir-
tual reality dragster in the year 2000. Veering refuses a specificity
of meaning; instead, one chaotically leans into strange attractors
which have the appearance of signification in their dissolution.

        If fullness or the surplus of the signified is given in the
leaking of meaning, poverty is not an inverse, but an interpenetrated
obverse of that fullness. Poverty appears in the throat, once again,
in that (somewhat hysteric, somehwat neurasthenic) constriction or
suffocation of speech (and if not speech, meaning) that characterizes
_The Great Invisible;_ it is a poverty conditioned by technological
(Edison, railroad) or social/gender (Isabelle, Isabelle...) irrup-
tions, interruptions. This poverty is both a _condition_ of speech
(its emergence its originary trace), any speech (as converations for
example are _only_ part-objects, interruptions) - a conditioning urg-
ing the subject to find his/her place in the midst of placelessness.
For _placelessness,_ not the relativity of space/place and time,
characterizes this century and the next, from the specifics of nomad-
icism (Mahgreb wandering), to those _sourceless_ psychological dis-
eases, schizophrenia, manic/depressive syndrome, anorexia, hysteria,
"railroad spine," neurasthenia - thus for "placeless" read "source-
less," touching on late twentieth-century deconstruction, and on sym-
bolic flows or emissions, without beginning and end...

        I say "sourceless," the state of this film of the effacement
or getting of Isabelle (or conversely Isabelle _getting the film_) in
the sense of a _victimless crime,_ a drugging or prostitution (both
given within and without _The Great Invisible_), a _seduction._ Wean-
ing, the refusal of the maternal, is refused; there is no ego-produc-
tion "at the other end" of the process; there is no process, and
hardly progress, only a flood of railroads, camels, ships. Weaning is
"naturally" the origin of time which is contrary to this film and its
expectations; the maternal transforms the _spectator_ into a _view-
er,_ a movement from spectacle (or cinematic _display_) to view. This
is not, however, a return to a fictive "pre-Oedipality," but the car-
ess of an isolated sememe operating upon desire, history, speech, and
the body itself.

        If a sememe can be defined as a sphere of semiosis (sign pro-
duction within a broad family of usages), an isolated sememe is al-
ways the beginning of psychosis - and power. Cut off from the everyday
world, it operates aggressively upon it; suffocated, it may return as
imperialism or religious exaltation. The comfort of the maternal is
also the discomfort of the abject, where ego and non-ego interpen-
etrate; in the film, the ego is boundless as the desert and ocean
present fictional horizons depending on the _placement_ of the body in
the first place. In this sense, _to place oneself_ is to be without
place: *_"On the way back to New York, Bernhardt roared with laughter
at the thought of Racine's incestuous heroine meeting the puritan
Yankee Doodle in the frozen wilds of New Jersey..."_* (scrolled text
at the beginning of the film, with reference to Edison).

        _Sourceless,_ rooted in desire and the social, the matrix of a
limitless desert (for Isabelle did not grow up with the markings of
the region), the underlying hysteria and neurasthenia of the film
twists the narrative and sequencing into a confluence of sublimated
drives; what does not "appear" at one point either appears in another
or continues in a broken/prosthetic mode (and what could be made of
prosthesis in relation to _The Great Invisible!_ - virtual time,
learning a language, oceans, the self-conscious critical Orientalism
of the "other," camels, the desert - all are misguided, derailed. Ron
Vawter (from the Wooster Group who also played the psychiatrist in
_Sex, Lies, and Videotape_), playing a French officer, has the only
traditionally-scripted lines in the film; his speech is derailed by
his secretary, busy drawing in an apparent state of near-psychosis.
Vawter's scenes end confusedly; the script itself is called into ques-
tion, displaced by a "visible" (the drawing), broken down. The drawing
itself in close-up looks like skin; the body is once again referenced
(and elsewhere, the body itself is written, with the appearance of
heavily tattooed hands). The script and phallus (Vawter's rigidity is
in contrast to the rest of the film) are not so much defeated as
rendered placeless, sourceless...

        Certainly a final example, a critical one, is that of sexu-
ality itself; the body is neither hidden nor revealed (camera, cloth-
ing, cinema!), but _deferred;_ breast images seduce the viewer, but
into what? A continuous unraveling...


*III The Case Beyond Which*


_From the script:_ Anarchist #1: _"Nein!...Our comrade...claims...
that the State...responds...with respect to the attentat. Yes, the
State responds with respect, bu tthe respect of the State takes the
form of VIOLENCE AGAINST US! OUR RANKS HAVE BEEN DECIMATED BY THE
BULLETS AND THE BOMBS OF THE STATE, AND BY PROVOCATEURS WHO ARE SENT
BY THE STATE INTO OUR OWN RANKS!!"_


        _In the film,_ speaking is caught in the maw, glottal stop,
Edison and the _mechanical_ insignia of existence. Early representa-
tions operated with mechanism throughout; they stuttered. Repetitive
pistons and cams moved locomotives and film; intermittent motion is
translated into rotary motion and back again. (Integration: opposites
are smoothed.) Throughout the century, mechanism gives way to elec-
tricity, which gives way to the electronic, cyberspace and beyond.
Thought leaves the material domain as Isabelle (dis)locates herself
without compass or the Sony _Pyxis, which "makes use of the U.S. gov-
ernments Global Positioning System (GPS), an array of satellites
orbiting 12,625 miles above the planet. Each satellite givs off a
coded identification signal that Pyxis GPS detects and calculates
relative to the other satellites, and it's accurate to about 30
meters. In specific terms, Pyxis GPS can provide data on your present
position, where you want to go, and how to get there." Both Pyxis and
"there" are relative of course...

        Displaced Isabelle dies, swept away in a flood going nowhere;
cinematically, her body extends through a white dress chaotically
breaking the contours of the body. The voiceover is Thornton's own,
finding a place for speech only in death's description, for _that_
horizon has not yet given way to the eternity of the digital domain.
(Think of the phrasing of P.J. Harvey or Jarboe's choking out M.
Gira's words, the upper-throat violence of Bratmobile. Words _caught
in the throat_ force the presence of death; Harvey reminds the
obsessive neurotic of its death-drive. This music and _The Great In-
visible_ operate upon the hinge of the milllennium, dragging speech
back into the swollen body which continues to exist. Think of _wild
dynamics._)

        If the rough opening of the twentieth-century gave us Melies'
man-in-the-moon with a _rocket in his eye,_ the equally rough ending
gives us the same.


*IV. Caselessness*


_From the script:_ Mother speaks: _"'I would have shared the dangers
that you had to face, and even insisted on leading the way...'"_


        _Traditionally,_ the conclusion is that _The Great Invisible_
is itself a new mode of cinematic presentation, in which surface style
(which in this work is comparable to traditional collage/montage)
appears only as a surface eruption of deeper drives - not those of the
"unconscious" (artistic or otherwise), but those of the body sited/
sighted in a landscape both excessive and impoverished.

        That conclusion is countermanded by a deconstructive approach
to landscape which demands that the spectacle is given by the specta-
tor - and that the spectator is sited. The _chora,_ however, is unsi-
ted; there are no conclusions to be drawn (no perspective from which
to draw). The result is the blank page of Edison's speechlessness.

        _The throat itself is that uncanny and indeterminate area
behind only the eyes and genitals in obdurate and unparalleled pain._


+++



