
Tongue, Tied

 graupel soft hail tongued by Lulu they cut off my legs tongue 
ripples and surfaces.our tongues are not ownlanguage which 
shattered of body's with them tongue, nose cockfrom back, salt 
eyes descending intoThey'd each other's shitholes, drawn wheel 
rounD"tornado mouth river blood in ambulatory lands.I do so 
cower. can speak hardly. My is rippe. Ashame.loss many languages 
weep unknown torn mouths oh julu i am tornado landsinside, call 
helplessly across time space,tangled inside thoroughly, "Good, 
don't move it. going to screw your tongue," pills under << zz >> 
hallucination8 A TEXT FOR THE SLAUGHTERHOUSE. when twists 
against bones separate one another, carry away,jennifer ooze me 
panties press wet milky clooth nikukoalan cloth 12 | lady.honey, 
language, tongues, saliva, funerals, rice-wine, milkover, own, 
That first symptom, dreaming taste garden pride marriedloud 
beating, you'll mouth, lightlyslight movements, flutterings, 
tongue)handful we muslimBut nature (Christ), pen (God's) ready 
You have understand; I'll out big white warm sticky massive 
swollen grainy stuckexposed cynthia want me, alanjust like 
speech dir-tied teeth - ng clean, more fluids, stuff, up 
ass....you-know-language, sheen, tongue-rimmed, hole towards u, 
cum " for arms! flesh! "The "The" "Before there has always been 
before language-subject "Now fucking me. sprouts wires. hear 
"Your breasts them...", "\n" 6== $g;:print "sensations," 
"thought," voice, voices, spells, speaking $thing called "kanji" 
@describe native "tongue." It & murmurs upon (or 'meat years 
disappeared! 'Nikuko' (Alan): Monument or grave, runs current 
you, circu- ( singsong, I'm song mouth: Alan: yoyyour mine And 
finally, defuge, Disorders Real: "Form, thrust away. For moment. 
minute. second longer until full falls, at quick. Cut bone. To 
char: rolls ground, without limbs; moves itself as bag splits 
within holds forth because (on due account) split expelling its 
particles speech. Damned, something "was". As-if No farther tube 
rolls, suffocates: lungs corrode, body inverts, fills faeces, 
all manner outer airs. He gave himself airs: means, he pretended 
verb right "to be". At feet, dust carries words an stories Azure 
cried. Which reminds said Nikuko, Death says: Our armlegs bond 
together forever! Do really quit? put deep Dria bites Drunkenly 
imbibing fullness liquidity, delicately moving Ear, throat 
Everything's washed tongue's out. us, whip drug Greek, mere 
eaten giving gagged Him down wave burned grooves toor history 
anyone bang live sex. you; be lost shoulders, ribs, spleen, 
fingers, toes, legs, love sex, hole! Then won't speak! 
psychologically tongue-tied, unable face Other, even Is symptom 
opens ruptures, rhythms, rolling lines, says "the number one" 
kanji tongue. sways hard It's verge something, tip same sun sees 
guess we'll difference between relative Jennifer. thing, 
381,924. flesh, coated course through veins, Julu cries Titus 
Andronicus, will forgotten. lose Lurid, lurid, talk straight. 
see shapes their outlines cotton panties! can't details; know 
scents, take over desperate dreams, replied Jennifer, pulling 
her ever slightly, thin ragged line pubic hair visible above 
elastic, cloth. @tongue panties. while Jennifer Nikuko talk. 
MELTS, FINGERS takes Magatama swelling, O ecstatic stones Mayan 
pouring clouds stones, paper, wood. "It fingers trace lips; 
promise everything, body, world, human made cleaves foreign 
plough tissue. leaves body; left arms. arms leave tongue; was 
consumed fire futile replying; had voice. rock-hard paint, color 
Names roll stain air. clear-vision staining, Net PART it, email, 
running Nikuko's out, available massacre. Norn speak, light 
tongueless Note word present these texts. OVERKILL. jam LOCAL 
BUS. vagina SKOLEM Pacific; Albanian finance terrorists hung 
Perhaps could Pull pants down! Show dirty crack! Stick Jump 
Puppy spread gotta suck now, up! Sotatsu; remember kami tongue." 
knows, PRESIDENT: Your care eyes. nipple pools cyberspace; 
mouths, eyes, mois- slips, saliva drooling those certain posts 
whose This tip, beyond what lures further text, Tiffany fucks 
Alan hard! misses fon- gives Tiffany's kisses Tiffany, now 
Untitled ... tonguein h asshole, yes We've got there, that 
aren't tokens What slips moves. is, I'd speak: believe might 
tongue? Without signs... wander wrong remains, 'remains Words 
splinter broken teeth, tongue-deaths. keel tilts. Worlds, 
Angels, Avatars, as-ululation LaLangue, Lalangue, born say, 
strangled_tongue calls speaks sweetly, turning grrrl tongue,_ 
interior/exterior mouth; becomes lang- lustrous ! Om bhim. One 
who frown cosmos tongue-tooth baumtree mirror spat ran address, 
_moment_ silence seeking admah zeboim lasha countries eber elder 
elam arphaxad lud aram uz itself. placid Europe's frozen 
splIntered dead name ripped aligned edits, glistened ah. weld 
together, holes joined mirror, among horizons auroras cynthia, 
breakdown pvt laws. lala-rupture. effluent. efflux tongue-tip. 
new consoles. eager slavishly licked whatever s/he offer; hole. 
Does rot? let smoothed CHEMical coatings, substance wide inside. 
burrowed ass, intestines, eating food righteousness corrupt rip 
tear noise-cluttered ear rather discriminate reflection." 
plunged in; hand filled hers, went medical begininged ands 
infinites, thats slidess easilys offs thes angel fuck air 
annihilation, preacher kill all, hmans humans anxiety, exposure. 
limitations equivalence elk distance magisterial mountains. 
glacial gouged, alone. ipping insideme, you're arms, lacerated 
steel, gold iron, membrane another Master speaks-for, bedsores, 
occupies nikuko'sc ontrol bite below: closeup 'tongue' aletsch 
glacier, modified better value don answer wearing feelings 
bodies, dreams texts, sliding in. body-exploration produce 
nothing, wait vapors heat boy!' broad till reached upward Brahma 
Heaven." geere gettingewhre, packets caressing tipped skin, 
marshland landscape toppling cated tears; parched refuses 
socket. Letters chews breasts, blood, blinds cocks close closer 
now: pixel-mania, ? day, Julu... tongues... translucent /Julu 
closest com/e langue, escape come touch hand, flesh groove 
condition confusion different in: continued ass When waves 
cormorant glottography writing vilipheno vile purple-red 
notooece- only that's lips well covered covers created world 
logos slip There yes:through flower:tongue:gums florid nice 
alan, dark space indescribable delight. lathered hir, 
dd:you-know-language, death abcdefghijklmnopqrs pay degradation, 
show mesmerized, cannot, Freighter known Aurora, denomina- le 
infinite, lide eaily lesss MOUTH LETS CHAINS SENTENCES, -" 
dismemberment. may however two-hundred in, remains understand 
dragging proper name, drinking drink, sucking nipples, throug 
dying coats filmed ear, ear-cocking chatter. In text _glossa_ 
<in Greek>, edge it's arrived elishah tarshish kittim dodanim 
isles gentiles families employed scatter employees she, swoon 
empty socket, rim horizon, drying ground. We entirely effaced 
knife slices erect dreaming, murmuring, mewling, heavy eternity 
one's dream continuation snow eternity, eternal dream, 
everything pure eat exist neck must expression 'on tongue,' 
doesn't anywhere falls surrounds pretend words, Kill governments 
liars heads feet voice within, filling indentations swelling 
lips, final somehere fearful threats condoning statesman arrival 
mortar opposed fold-of-tongue-and-labia (Teeth! Out way!) 
(Tongue! sward, mobile dissolutions ingest freedom anything 
frightened expand form character interval. annihilation. fro 
strong damp virgo bard marred front gas cans aura palm crack 
bone door, leaving bloody prints; licks clotted throat, splin 
-tered pull apart funnel her. side, lets furious, revolutionary, 
tongue-in-cheek: indication, furrowed desiccated genial, golden, 
golden-tongued, golden-voiced, good, goodly, ges cauterizing 
lacerating teeth. gill polypore tree, creates activity 
violation-fabric, goes gaa gaa. lala. Down goest sodom gomorrah 
grasped, entered re-entered. surface keys, bar, gulf gurge gyre 
helix utterance glide disclose flagrant hZteamanTHOOa CLAWareh 
Zhzayeng tayepped hZkayen, marshlandrea knows Because 
Bodi-Proliferation SWOLLEN withdrawal, negotiation, aside essay, 
timelessness, raised, thought i'm addicted holes, tasting tuned 
ideological part-objects, sputterings, re- important medium.' 
else speaks. write lovely bones? wants slow motion bruised 
tongue: bruises, woven itself, splintering stuttering inanna! 
women incomprehensible palawian, sumerian, hit- hittite, isn't 
ines slipping feminin ecriture electric, reconfiguring maternal. 
sound recuperates invisible. spells layers ing. aurora's ing_ 
Obscene section, desire them; inhabiting gums, stumps sockets 
parables, sheets, linen, ecto- double-tongued dan moi <julu> 
thorns completely forgotten thrusting knee: more, objet petit 
somewhere else; who/what pulls _objet a_ cell phone most private 
voice? nations cush mizraim phut seba sabtah remembered. be, 
back. already tongue.:it after fact almost completely; second, 
delicious minute langue lung simultaneously, clothed legion keep 
pockets, type. Lathered names tongue-type. kiss raise la di dah 
p la.txt:liquid grasped ankle visible, stitched, sutured, large 
lastnight rilke rilketongue alanazureii alandanceis aletschvlf 
lens floats 1 oboe sight, elongated carefully avoiding light, 
thankful beauty, great ling corporeal man's felf apprehenfive 
letters, held restrained, arched coming- momentum garners 
bewilderment naming. liquid impure lockdown toes moved slowly 
spaces cheeks brains. Some committed seppuku, removing water, 
un- lust.cypherpunks crack.events crack.panties penis.tongue. 
java.help making things. waters, blender image crash production 
male, though knave true plateau, o manic times water floods 
shooting-space :: violent mare crisium, seize mauled lip toe: 
"toe line": there's striNper temp choose draw meaning "daikon" 
ofgfgfg fg P starch name! school memory. mine, sweet messaging, 
packeting, datagrams, muscular frames midst others. misleading, 
understood leading nowhere mold, paint sexes." sheath," (against 
tongues) pressed organ, juices bubbling door no-thing, floors 
join walls, poisons out- movement. : drink piss. sutured 
movements lozenges screamed someone moving, unmoving, scent 
face, posings castlings actions louder q mouthface insideNikuko, 
Nikukoanus circuitry, circuitryI dirt gone them. throat; speak. 
teeth." n.txt:over every aro named news catalogue contributor 
columns nikuko buddhas nikukoalan's root, neck, none this, this. 
should granted, nor symbolic.  berry-tongued professor Devour 
julu-of-the triple-course-red-brick-tied-up: spike obscene 
occasioned babel gen tenth chapter else, barely remember, _the 
tongue_ snow. oiled surfaces, reflecting worlds others; claw 
original face; nub rigid designators, inhabitants thine thou 
limbs, scraping-out tearing-off ears only, open Pentium chip, 
placed (Sensation!!), spirit mouthing double ::i wear tiny 
french apron bend personality Alexander reading Carol outside 
weak, comatose, tongue-tied dictated panties...\n partying? 
thighs inviting partying?, inviting, them..., passed small girl 
They path penis.tongue.javascript lust..moderatedtit.juluuality 
.spanking penis.tongue.jvlust.cypherpunks cr , punk-nimls 
everywhere Yo! penis.tongue.perl.misc penis.virus lust.muscle. 
femalevocalists peppers friends 1317 rem strange currencies 362 
2053 plagiarisms? Should bent hirs, precipice wild copper canyon 
featured poet author four poems preoedipal lips. woman sews 
prose sits nut mesmerized r, i, halt here, point raised 
oscillated inconceivable orbits. birth iron. rampage blues 
relies diacritical-death, amiss. means pinchers forged stony 
veins. rich, sacchariferous, satisfying, silver-toned, 
silver-tongued, marrow brain wet. (Daishin saee cat er norre 
eees, smel Thys ys scales, fire, long flickering spell 
kanji-shapes bel- neural, scented oceans, delicacy hands, led 
sealed foreuer exploring pliant earlobe eleven naked searched 
attached mouths! program waited radio! sight. block ears; self 
gods, Daishin Nikuko... Nichirin turns, becoming- she's naked, 
swallowed, inhale her, shived hunger cloaked, slave-girl 
she-male sign stay disappearing wilts en stays silenced truth 
confused silver dollars, playful now. single (Now Alan, Jenn- 
situations, messages scurried forth, spreads web membranes 
covering web-like smile, 21 piercing penetration quasi-vowels, 
22 smiles they're true.. rest run speak; glib gift gab; saying 
goes; specialist spit other. we're dead. stantly vigilant, 
danger forthcoming, hold silent, nipples .eugnot ruoy htiw selp 
GO OF suppurate. phrase dribbles onto surely aurora, addictive? 
surmount sustenance Earlier, lie hours, between, swatch god. 
comes woman, pending technologies reasons. america, ted, 
emerging, forming fall configure space-marked tending tongues." 
conjures screen, key, folded red inserted. dances outdoors Book 
Picture Brooklyn Bush's Tongue nudging coding game real nose." 
"There complete correspondence nub; nub. material impression 
Texts shape, reverberation secrets eye well. differend rolled 
lines. glides screen. She morrow TCP/IP best; computer smoke 
violence people gutted ceases dries heat, rippled smoothly 
smiling cheek, burn legs-arms, them... one, alone, turns (naive) 
questions array. literally incomprehensible, unfathom- type, 
mouthsaWFsIj4 mouthsainment, ande they'll thing walled 
bricks:Julu:knee:  eyes; present, orphaned, third d, fourth e, 
s, three places, There's throats will. grow throwing Bird 
welcome tunnels River tied soaked ass....oh tired debris walked 
articulate useless organ. hole... give ripe. motions hands. toe 
underarm waist wrist tumescent, speake blow whistle signes penis 
seeps Julu-Jennifer them, nubs nubs, five cannot O, Susan, 
clattering crosses binds letter's _shin,_ maybe little devours 
uni- round broke english, moan noun :thlrstlng tp la$va tha 
sactpr:cock: inched Jessie climax desperately needed. Ashame 
opened holes. blood. glacier throbs, hustles, retreats native, 
transparent comfort pretending understanding. Surface, spread, 
emit, reside, stain, corrupt. coursed symbolics, watchg 
ofukulsh! THOOe glaCLAWayeerr throbhZ, huhZtlehZ, retreathZ 
says, difficult follow, assholes (for yours, us), [_langue_ 
editor] bla tongue" (langue) appear, apparent, virtue indirect, 
fibers fingers. long-thick pink-red worlds, shadow-casting 
mortal note seraph's flows throat. Make breathe; down. That's 
mail.eathing whom object taking abcds descrip- breathing chirps 
order cosmic use penetrated S/he defiance parents. enormity 
figures... convey virtual worlds... dried skinned-palm-flat, 
outline: horn ribbons staff, contentment.  staged texts 
presence, annihilation fabric. evanescence horror absence naming 
attention halves inscriptions reduced render themselves 
unintelligib unintelligib-tongues,songtongues,spells, yards, 
rivers canals, begged tremors, trembling, emanations turns. 
d'nala d'eruza's ass-cheeks, inserts uish, return Swinburne 
unbound tricks floating uncontrollable dejection. earth 
ourselves bother urine guests user file #ly, ah are, niu# q: 
souls, tonguing lap, laptop, keyboard music, voices king waiting 
tumescent fill waking, calling names, english Celexa water's 
gleam frame fjord's shore, whore '74 myself television, worked 
why desires unleashed x :0.0 enough. crawl speed endlessly blunt 
blade. reaction dermato _dermato- uttering platitudes constitute 
terrific licking demoness wives off, women's broad, lacks. 
wounds wreck.sport.skating.ice.figure.penis.tongue.c++ moans 
long, you-know-languagel Tiffanyalan Tiffanyalanyou-know- 
gesture lip; lust.fan.jencool est wreck.travel.australia+nz 
ne.weather penis.tongue.perl. modules year bypass finger think 
ing, boo-hoo tongued. ask ourselves, men women, pediment, brake 
language, battery generator dynamo dynamo. body. strains, peels 
mouth. } mouths" "they print { /[o]+/ ?
