
Musical/Sound Pieces to Accompany music.txt

http://www.alansondheim.org/viola.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/pieces.txt
http://www.alansondheim.org/music.txt

(all sound pieces from files ta.txt -> tz.txt,
approx 2/2015-2-/2016 )

http://www.alansondheim.org/zhengraw.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/zheng.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/refuge1.mp3 hasapi reverse-dyn
http://www.alansondheim.org/refuge0.mp3 hasapi
http://www.alansondheim.org/belly.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/linearge.mp3 cura saz
http://www.alansondheim.org/azurevoice.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/stalkeddeath.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qq.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/blownit.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qqq.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/shasha.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb2.mp3 shakuhachi
http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb1.mp3 viola
http://www.alansondheim.org/claar2.mp3 clarinet
http://www.alansondheim.org/claar1.mp3 clarinet
http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb2.mp3 shakuhachi
http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb1.mp3 viola
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagle4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagle3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagle2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagle1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/etern.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/oudelegy.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/insidedouble.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/frege.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/ossiode.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/cysanshin.mp3 sanshin
http://www.alansondheim.org/du.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/preludeforossi.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/elegyforossi.mp3

[...] See url above for complete listing.



Ossie, Her Place

http://www.alansondheim.org/ossiyes.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ossimemory.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/shesleptheretoo.jpg

narrated and walked by Azure

Today has been four weeks since Ossi Oswalda, our companion
cat, has died, and we wanted to remember her place in the
world, how she moved through our mutual space, her pathways,
Azure following now, for Ossi Oswalda in memory. It is far
too easy to forget the beauty of the world, its inconceivable
richness, its kindness. And this is dedicated to Ossi Oswalda,
and to Agnes Varda, who showed the way.


New review of Threnody! 

The Alan Sondheim / Azure Carter / Luke Damrosch 'Threnody' review written 
by Marco Carcasi is on line on Kathodik home, facebook, and twitter page; 
you can follow the direct link -

http://www.kathodik.it/modules.php?name=Reviews&rop=showcontent&id=6221

(from Marco Paolucci Direttore Editoriale/Editor in Chief to Public
Eyesore)

Kathodik Webzine
Via Giuliozzi, 15
62100 Macerata - Italy
http://www.kathodik.it

Kathodik
www.kathodik.it

Chi/Who-Che cosa/What ?/is Kathodik Kathodik ? una webzine che si occupa 
di musica rock, pop, jazz, avant, elettronica, contemporanea, improv; di 
cinema e ...

http://www.facebook.com/pages/Kathodik/187735004605073

http://twitter.com/Kathodikit/187735004605073

http://twitter.com/paoluccimarco


retardation retardation retardation into the infinite 

http://www.alansondheim.org/retardation.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/retardation.mp4

retardation retardation retardation into the infinite 
retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation 
retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation 
retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation 
retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation 
retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation 
retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation 
retardation retardation retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation.into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite


ipseity, insistence, hollow

http://www.alansondheim.org/ipseity2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ipseity.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ipseity1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ipseity3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ipseity4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ipseity5.jpg

[11:39 PM]  Disconnected from in-world Voice Chat
[11:46 PM]  Alan Sondheim: what
[11:46 PM] Alan Sondheim: it was pointed out to me today that my 
life here is one of solitary confinement
[11:47 PM] Alan Sondheim: ]]][and there's nothing i can do about 
it because there's no leverage
[11:47 PM] Alan Sondheim: there's no leverage because there's no 
other
[11:47 PM]  Alan Sondheim: without that, there's no against
[11:47 PM]  Alan Sondheim: the against is at best motility
[11:47 PM]  Alan Sondheim: therefore i exist as a mobile object
[11:47 PM]  Alan Sondheim: capable of small maneuvers
[11:47 PM] Alan Sondheim: as if there were an existent dependent 
on such
[11:47 PM]  Alan Sondheim: instead of this, of this nothing.
[11:48 PM]  Alan Sondheim: there is nothing more to say
[11:48 PM]  Alan Sondheim: and there is no one to hear it.
[11:48 PM]  Alan Sondheim: ipseity is always dependent
[11:48 PM]  Alan Sondheim: and the body is always left hanging.

dict ipseity
No definitions found for "ipseity"

that negation is a token; that ipseity struggles with the angel; 
the ipseity of sight - burned its way through the flesh - 
cuneiform, ipseity lost in overwhelming detail, there is no 
mean; what is meant here and now; ipseity; that negation is a 
token; that ipseity struggles with the angel; ipseity, we're 
that itself to an ipseity that is questionable, what does one 
'point to' in I am lost in the ipseity of my freedom, confused 
about beings (there ipseity relegates ipseity questionable. 
'point to' diffusion obviates, extends, ,,,



nocturnal gasp of rain breach darkling

http://www.alansondheim.org/gasp.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/gasp1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/gasp2.mp3

i'd cull words from texts, water from air sound from air behind 
water, aire of air among water, surge of water breath night 
murmured great cavern of earth bounded by water gasped air great 
churning fury of water gasp earth drown in air crash water gasp 
of grasp swollen collapse cavern roiled through earth cries 
earth murmurs earth gasp last gasp of water gasp of air in earth 
aire upon earth

world.73



SQUALLLINE

http://www.alansondheim.org/packmount2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/packmount.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/packmount1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/packmount3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/packmount4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/packmount5.jpg

0.84, , - , , 0.78, , , , 0.16, , - , 1.75, , , 1.50, , , , 
, 2.97, , , , 2.97, , , , 2.62, , , , 2.50, , , , 2.14, , , , 
-, 51, , , , 44, , , -72.67598, , 39, , , , 36, , , , 36, , , , 
, , , 41, , , , 31, , , , 40, , , -71.87000, , 39, , , 39, , , , 
, - , , 2.21, , - , 2.11, , - , , 2.05, , - , , 1.79, , , , 
, , _24, 1.26, , , _24, 1.20, , , _24, 1.10, , , _24, 1.10, , , 
2.28, , , -72.93720, _24, 2.27, , , -72.69090, _24, 2.21, , , 
48, , , -, 47, , , -, 46, , , -, 63, , , -, 55, , , -, 53, , , 
, _24, 1.35, , , _24, 1.26, , , _24, 1.11, , , _24, 1.04, , , 
1.38, , , -71.64622, _24, 1.16, , , -71.41593, _24, 1.17, , , 
, 2.10, , , , 1.65, , , -71.89868, , 1.52, , - , 1.28, , - , , 
0.13, , - , , 0.08, , - , , 0.05, , , 1.04, , , , 0.68, , - , , 
-72.74013, _24, 1.99, , , _24, 1.93, , , -72.26098, _24, 2.10, , 
-71.56030, _24, 1.58, , , _24, 1.26, , , -71.38846, _24, 1.12, , 
_24, 1.96, , , -72.65040, _24, 1.40, , , -71.74983, _24, 1.94, , 
-, 49, , , -, 65, , , -71.16616, -, 61, , , -, 48, , , -, 47, , 
, - , -71.87000, , 1.89, , , , 1.83, , - , , 1.78, , - , 1.77, , 
2.34, , , _24, 1.86, , , _24, 1.55, , , -72.73837, _24, 2.68, , 
RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, AMATEUR RADIO, CLAY CENTER NON-TSTM, , 
RADIO, CLAY CENTER SUST, , MPH, ASOS, SUST, , MPH, ASOS, SUST, , 
, - , 1.47, , , 1.20, , - , , 0.90, , , -71.75062, , 1.71, , - , 
, 1.33, , - , -71.80000, , 0.72, , , -71.58330, , 0.42, , - , 
1.97, , - , , 1.70, , , , 1.57, , , , 1.45, , , , 0.96, , - , 
2.14, , , 2.03, , , , 2.02, , , 2.50, , , 2.35, , , 2.27, , - , 
2.27, , , , 2.21, , , , 2.08, , , , 2.93, , - , , 2.18, , - , 
, , -, 54, , , -, 51, , , -, 46, , , -, 46, , , -71.87000, -, 
, , -, 48, , , -, 55, , , -, 59, , , -, 54, , , -70.41670, -, 
RAIN, ., INCH, COOP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, -., RAIN, ., 
INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., 
RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, RAIN, ., 
EMPLOYEE, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., 
INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., 
RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., 
RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., 
RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, -., 
-., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., 
-., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., 
1.17, , , _24, 1.02, , , -72.02253, _24, 2.02, , , -71.80100, 
57, , , -, 52, , , -, 49, , , -, 54, , , -, 51, , , -71.55830, 
, -, 83, , , -, 74, , , -, 65, , , -, 64, , , -, 53, , , -, 50, 
-72.55187, _24, 2.77, , , -72.59165, _24, 2.67, , , -72.82070, 
-, 50, , , -, 50, , , -, 54, , , -, 47, , , 46, , , -72.62080, 
, , , 1.03, , - , , 2.01, , - , , 2.00, , , , 1.95, , , , 1.91, 
, , 1.73, , - , , 1.72, , - , , 1.70, , - , , 1.28, , , , 1.22, 
, -71.38515, _24, 1.12, , , _24, 1.15, , , _24, 1.13, , , -, 52, 
, - , , 1.61, , , , 0.90, , - , , 0.88, , - , 0.69, , , , 1.23, 
, _24, 1.61, , , -71.88700, _24, 1.47, , , -71.83914, _24, 1.43, 
_24, 1.89, , , -71.70049, _24, 1.52, , , _24, 1.42, , , _24, 
_24, 1.40, , , _24, 1.19, , , _24, 1.05, , , _24, 1.06, , , _24, 
_24, 1.07, , , _24, 3.04, , , _24, 2.26, , , -72.53001, _24, 
_24, 2.57, , , _24, 2.40, , , _24, 2.32, , , -72.89729, _24, 
0.05, , , 1.12, , , 1.04, , - , 0.83, , - , , 2.95, , - , 2.26, 
1.42, , , , 1.21, , - , 1.18, , , 1.17, , - , 1.02, , - , 0.97, 
, -72.78702, _24, 2.40, , , -72.87770, _24, 2.37, , , -72.94538, 
32, , , , 35, , , , 40, , , -70.07000, , 36, , , , 51, , , , 48, 
OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, NONE, 
OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, -., RAIN, ., INCH, 
RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, RAIN, ., INCH, HAM RADIO, RAIN, ., INCH, 
CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, 
OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, 
CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, 
INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, 
INCH, HAM RADIO, RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, ., INCH, 
RAIN, ., INCH, PUBLIC, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, 
INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, 
ASOS, -., RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, 
INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, 
., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, 
INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, 
INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, 
RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, ASOS, PVD ASOS ., INCH, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, ASOS, NON-TSTM, , MPH, ASOS, NON-TSTM, , MPH, 
SUST, , MPH, ASOS, BAF ASOS SUST, , MPH, ASOS, -., SUST, , MPH, 
CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, PUBLIC, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, 
ASOS, ., INCH, NWS OFFICE, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, -., NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
RADIO, , MPH, HAM RADIO, -., NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, -., NON-TSTM, , MPH, AMATEUR RADIO, 
RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, 
OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, TRAINED SPOTTER, 
SPOTTER, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, 
COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, 
COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, 
COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, 
COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, 
COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, 
OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, 
ASOS SUST, , MPH, ASOS, SUST, , MPH, ASOS, SUST, , MPH, ASOS, 
RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, 
TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, HAM RADIO, ., INCH, TRAINED 
OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, TRAINED 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, ASOS, ORH ASOS NON-TSTM, , MPH, TRAINED 
RADIO, SUST, , MPH, ASOS, HFD ASOS -., SUST, , MPH, ASOS, BDL 
RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, -., NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM 
HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM 
MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, ASOS, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM 
SPOTTER, NON-TSTM, , MPH, ASOS, PVD ASOS NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM 
CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, -., RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
EMERGENCY MANAGER, RAIN, ., INCH, PUBLIC, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
OBSERVER, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
OBSERVER, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
OBSERVER, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
OBSERVER, -., RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
., INCH, ASOS, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, ., INCH, CO-OP 
CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, CO-OP 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, ASOS, BHO MQE ASOS NON-TSTM, , MPH, AMATEUR 
ASOS, SUST, , MPH, ASOS, BHO MQE ASOS SUST, , MPH, AMATEUR 
MPH, ASOS, BOS ASOS -., SUST, , MPH, ASOS, , MPH, ASOS, PVD ASOS 
., INCH, ASOS, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, NWS 
35, , ,
SUST, , MPH, TRAINED SPOTTER,
SQUALLLINE


Paean, Elegy, Pulse

http://www.alansondheim.org/forall.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/paeanforall.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/elegyforall.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pulseforall.mp3

(attributed to Larsen Brothers) parlor guitar
Guitar was my first instrument, and to this day I return to the 
instrument, constantly practicing, working on technique and 
scale, exercising left and right hand finger (nails, no picks), 
pushing the boundaries as much as possible, keeping the braid of 
the piece in site/sight. The three pieces are very different; 
paean extends my playing in new directions, elegy uses the 
Japanese in scale always yearning for resolution, and pulse uses 
a 'clunky' bass line extended and collapsed more or less 
rhythmically. This is the best playing I'm capable of, recorded 
last night between four and five a.m.; music called. When I can 
play like this, I'm happy; if you listen, I'm happier, since 
music, my music at least, calls for communality. Paean, Elegy, 
and Pulse, are public pieces; they were recorded in this order 
in the dead of night. For Azure and Ossi and You.


http://www.alansondheim.org/subobject.png

subobjects

== suicide can only be null== there's nothing to specify the 
existence of a consciousness== the only permitted operations are 
quantal== quanta are always already== within the swollen 
fecundity of creation== gaps to be filled by categorical 
dynamics== creation is always a relation== mathematics always 
already an annihilation== thought's movements construe 
sensations of pain and pleasure== suicide can only be 
universal== when i look around, they look around== when they 
look around, i look around== momentary displeasure as something 
falters within not me== sedimentations of categories, i'm piled 
up within== internal buffeting, syzygy, external holes== all 
holes are external== all holes are w/holes== swallow yourself, 
deny yourself, kill yourself== yourself are yourselves, 
multitudes, interminable continuums== strations which collapse 
your mouth== your mouthmouth your mouthmouthmouth== universal 
suicide of the world== garnered scorched syzygial uncomfortable 
quiescence of the planet== co-lapse== 

v suicide sedimentation aa there exists Y w x does not exist 
rigid | -y -v 0 *

v the specify to nothing there's null== be only can suicide == 
aa ==> <== there exists Y w x limp rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * 
swollen engorged are operations permitted only the 
consciousness== a of existence aa ==> there exists Y w x y does 
not exist rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged swollen the 
within already== always are quanta quantal== aa ==> there exists 
Y w x x | * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged categorical by filled 
be to gaps creation== of fecundity aa ==> <== there exists Y w x 
limp rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * swollen always mathematics 
relation== a always is creation dynamics== aa ==> there exists Y 
w x does not exist rigid * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged construe 
movements thought's annihilation== an already aa zz ==> <== 
there exists Y w x does not exist rigid | -y -v U 0 * swollen 
engorged be only can suicide pleasure== and pain of sensations 
aa ==> there exists Y w x limp rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * swollen 
they when around== look they around, look i when universal== aa 
zz ==> <==> there exists Y w x | * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged 
something as displeasure momentary around== look i around, look 
aa ==> <== <==> there exists Y w x does not exist & | -y -v U 0 
* swollen engorged piled i'm categories, of sedimentations me== 
not within falters aa <== there exists Y w x does not exist 
rigid & * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged all holes== external 
syzygy, buffeting, internal within== up aa ==> <== for all X 
there exists Y x y limp & | * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged 
yourself, swallow w/holes== are holes all external== are holes 
aa ==> there exists Y x y | * -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged 
yourselves, are yourself yourself== kill yourself, deny aa zz 
==> <==> there exists Y w x | -y -v U 0 1 swollen collapse which 
strations continuums== interminable multitudes, aa there exists 
Y w x does not exist limp rigid & | * -y -v U 0 * swollen 
engorged universal mouthmouthmouth== your mouthmouth your 
mouth== your aa zz ==> there exists Y x does not exist | -y -v U 
0 * swollen engorged uncomfortable syzygial scorched garnered 
world== the of suicide aa ==> <== for all X there exists Y w x 
does not exist limp rigid | * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged 
suicide v == == co-lapse== planet== the of quiescence aa zz 
there exists Y w x x rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * engorged -v -y | 
rigid exist not does x w Y exists there aa sedimentation aa zz 
==> <== there exists Y w x y does not exist * -y -v 0 * swollen 
engorged suicide can only be null== there's nothing to specify 
the v * 0 aa zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w x limp 
rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged * 1 0 U -v -y | & rigid 
limp x w Y exists there <== ==> aa == aa zz ==> <== which pulls 
back w x y does not exist & * -y U 0 * swollen engorged the only 
permitted operations are engorged swollen aa ==> <== there 
exists Y w x does not exist & * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged 
does y x w Y exists there ==> aa existence of a consciousness== 
aa ==> there exists Y w x y rigid | * -y -v 0 1 * swollen 
engorged the swollen engorged swollen * 1 0 U -v -y | & rigid 
exist not aa zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w y * -y 
-v U 0 * swollen engorged exists there ==> aa quantal== quanta 
are always already== within aa ==> there exists Y w x y x | * -y 
U 0 * swollen engorged filled by categorical engorged swollen * 
0 U -v -y * | x x w Y aa zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls 
back w x y limp rigid * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen x w Y exists there 
<== ==> aa fecundity of creation== gaps to be aa ==> <== there 
exists Y w x y limp rigid & | * -y -v 0 1 * swollen engorged 
mathematics always swollen * 1 0 U -v -y | & rigid limp aa zz 
==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w x does not exist rigid 
& * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged Y exists there ==> aa 
dynamics== creation is always a relation== aa ==> there exists Y 
w x y does not exist rigid * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged 
construe engorged swollen * 0 U -v -y * rigid exist not does x w 
aa zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w y rigid | * -y 
-v U 0 * swollen <== ==> zz aa already an annihilation== 
thought's movements aa zz ==> <== for all X there exists Y w x 
does not exist | -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged swollen * 0 U -v 
-y | rigid exist not does x w Y exists there aa zz ==> <== there 
exists Y which pulls back w y * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged 
sensations of pain and pleasure== suicide can only be engorged 
aa ==> <== there exists Y w x limp rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * 
swollen swollen * 1 0 U -v -y | & rigid limp x w Y exists there 
==> aa aa zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w x y does 
not exist & * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged aa universal== when i 
look around, they look around== when they aa zz ==> <==> there 
exists Y w x | * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged engorged swollen * 
0 U -v -y * | x w Y exists there <==> ==> zz aa zz ==> <== for 
all X there exists Y which pulls back w y * -y -v U 0 * swollen 
engorged look around, i look around== momentary displeasure as 
something aa ==> <== <==> there exists Y w x does not exist & | 
-y -v U 0 * swollen engorged 0 U -v -y | & exist not does x w Y 
exists there <==> <== ==> aa aa zz ==> there exists Y which 
pulls back w x y * -y -v 0 * swollen engorged me== 
sedimentations of categories, i'm piled engorged swollen * aa 
<== there exists Y w x does not exist rigid & * -y -v U 0 1 * 
swollen exist not does x w Y exists there <== aa falters within 
not aa there exists Y w x y * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged 
external holes== all engorged swollen * 1 0 U -v -y * & rigid aa 
zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w x y * -y -v U 0 * 
swollen engorged X all for <== ==> aa up within== internal 
buffeting, syzygy, aa ==> <== for all X there exists Y x limp & 
| * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged engorged swollen * 1 0 U -v 
-y * | & limp y x Y exists there aa zz ==> <== there exists Y 
which pulls back w y does not exist & * -y -v U 0 * swollen 
engorged holes are external== all holes are w/holes== swallow 
yourself, aa ==> there exists Y x y | * -v U 0 1 * swollen 
engorged engorged swollen * 1 0 U -v * | y x Y exists there ==> 
aa aa zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w x y * -y -v U 
0 * swollen engorged zz aa deny yourself, kill yourself== 
yourself are yourselves, aa zz ==> <==> for all X there exists Y 
w x | -y -v U 0 1 swollen which collapse swollen 1 0 U -v -y | x 
w Y exists there <==> ==> aa zz ==> there exists Y which pulls 
back x y rigid & * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged exists there aa 
multitudes, interminable continuums== strations aa there exists 
Y w x y does not exist limp rigid | -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged 
swollen * 0 U -v -y * | & rigid limp exist not does x w Y aa zz 
==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w y does not exist & * 
-y -v U 0 * swollen your mouthmouth your mouthmouthmouth== 
universal engorged aa zz ==> <== there exists Y w x does not 
exist | -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged U -v -y | exist not does x 
Y exists there ==> zz aa your mouth== aa zz ==> for all X there 
exists Y w x y does not exist | -y -v 0 * swollen engorged 
garnered scorched syzygial uncomfortable engorged swollen * 0 aa 
==> <== for all X there exists Y which pulls back w x does not 
exist limp rigid | * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged x w Y exists 
there X all for <== ==> aa suicide of the world== aa w x y rigid 
| * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged engorged swollen * 1 0 U -v 
-y * | rigid limp exist not does aa zz ==> <== there exists Y 
which pulls back w y does not exist & * -y -v U 0 * swollen x x 
Y exists there aa quiescence of the planet== co-lapse== aa there 
exists Y x y x rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged engorged 
* 1 0 U -v -y | & rigid zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls 
back w -y -v 0 swollen

v
v 
yy



====


essay on subobjects

http://www.alansondheim.org/ext05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ext30.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/farmbell.mp3

essay on subobjects

'Only finitude is "desiring."' (Guattari)

== suicide can only be null== null of null, absence of null 
chaotic spew.

there's nothing to specify the existence of a consciousness== 
consciousness is an attribute from the position of the 
conscious, nothing more.

the only permitted operations are quantal== everything 
fundamentally occurs within the granularity of the real.

quanta are always already== atomic structures and the world are 
inherently grained everywhere, the universal sieve.

within the swollen fecundity of creation== as much as possible, 
prions for example, everything, degrees of random but fixed 
codes, inherited antiques.

gaps to be filled by categorical dynamics== incalculable and 
unobservable movements.

creation is always a relation== what changes in time, stumbling, 
mute transformations on every scale.

mathematics always already an annihilation== thinking of 
abstract animals, peregrinations to incalculable degrees.

thought's movements construe sensations of pain and pleasure== 
among the insipid grains of the world.

suicide can only be universal== cessations are always cessations 
from the viewpoint of consciousness; strike out consciousness, 
become time and space; forgo annihilation; forgo granularity; 
swallow granularity, dissolve in it; thin yourself out; 
disappear; become universal; become a covering set; leave them 
all behind; die.

when i look around, they look around== they are within me; i am 
within them; they are multitudes; i am dissolved; i am 
dissolute; they see through me; they see through my eyes; they 
see through my subterfuges; they dominate; they conquer; they 
take over.

when they look around, i look around== they conquer; they take 
over; they couldn't care less; they're speechless; they see 
everything; they are my dissolute; they are my dissolve; they 
are multitudes of multitudes; they are without me; i am without 
them; they are within.

momentary displeasure as something falters within not me== 
something collapses; my collapse collapses; suicide is other 
side; suicide pleasures displeasure.

sedimentations of categories, i'm piled up within== there are 
piles within me; continents and islands of piles; blanked eyes 
of piles; chaotic gatherings; hailstorms of phenomena; 
dispersions of cloud dispersions; percolations of percolations.

internal buffeting, syzygy, external holes== as if there were 
memory; memories of memories of percolations; shadow-taxis of 
worlds; grain-whispers of the prelapsarian; unutterable silence.

all holes are external== they expose me; they speak through me; 
they write through me; they are uncomfortable flesh; masses of 
flesh; flesh spread thin; flesh grains; flesh quanta.

all holes are w/holes== an ontology of holes; epistemology of 
holes; that uncomfortable surface; that cicatrix; that miasma of 
wounds and scars; that faux history; that generation of 
histories.

swallow yourself, deny yourself, kill yourself== you have always 
already done this; you have always already completed yourself; 
you have sutured yourself; you have collapsed; you are always 
already gone; you are space and time; you are annihilation; you 
are an annihilation machine; you are among them; they are among 
you.

yourself are yourselves, multitudes, interminable continuums== 
they are peircian continuums reduced to the abjection of 
corroded tissues; they are galactic strings; there are you 
singularities; there are no multiplicities; there are no 
awaitings; there are no preconditions; there are multitudes of 
memories of memories of anguish; there are no multitudes.

striations which collapse your mouth== you cannot speak; your 
speech is meaningless; your speech is a momentary sutured 
punctum on the continuum; your speech goes nowhere; actions go 
nowhere; collapse is always already collapse; your multitudes 
collapse; your collapses are inconceivable; your collapses are 
inconceivably many.

your mouthmouth your mouthmouthmouth== so many mouths; so much 
death; your consciousness is inability; your consciousness is 
construed; has passed; has never been; has been chimera; you are 
always of an has-been, has-being; disappearing granularities 
from the other side; from the other side of the whole; from the 
other side of the hole; its uncanny surface; its rotted surface; 
its quanta; its decay-paths; its objects and arrows; its 
disappearance of objects; its disappearance of arrows; its 
subsummation; its extrusion; its expulsion.

universal suicide of the world== has already happened; its 
process has already occurred; its process has annihilated 
itself; its mouths of granularity; its mouths; its grains.

garnered scorched syzygial uncomfortable quiescence of the 
planet== the knotted interiors and exteriors; the absorptions; 
the false ontology of objects; the universe of false ontologies; 
the multitudes of universes; th universes of multitudes; the 
evanescent; the absolute horizons; dissolution of absolute 
horizons.

co-lapse== the simultaneity and prefiguration of collapse; the 
afterthought and afterthinking of collapse; the comb-topologies 
of subojects; the subobjects of comb-topologies; the remnants; 
lack of remnants; petty annihilations of annihilations; weaker; 
weaker still; the infinitesimal; their mouths within us; 
mouthing us; holes, mouthing us; null-objects; co-lapse of null 
objects; we are the last refuge of the them; surface histories; 
co-lapse of thinking; of this thinking; dispersions, 
dispersions, co-lapse.



Chasm

http://www.alansondheim.org/chasm15.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/chasm.mp3

        heifer		hyphen		chasm
        heifer		hyphen		chasm
        heifer		hyphen		chasm

very much across the chasm in the small,
"He ponders, nothing is as nothing seems,
"The defile of the signifier forms a chasm or rupture,
attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm."

I move among clouds and phenomena, chasms and pools, 
Of Death, upon this ghastly cliff and chasm,
the variant of the Other, 
The chasm is the variant of the Other, 
and each of them
I see written on the body, 
wonderfully terrible! Truly a chiasm
across chasm, in rock. 
downstream, streambed is bare dirt, strong steel, 
thwarted ululations ascending through chasm-void,
among the seas and shores of the untoward 
chasms of the body, that tsunami 
ascending through the void:they are risen, rising up:
you can see 
becoming unbridgeable chasms

and the bottom of the chasm, salt burns my wounds, 
soaks the oils from the skin
that lies between us:
void void void my dark energy my void,
void void void my dark energy my void,
the lost 5400, the fossil which precede flowers,
shores, body of shores, 
laterals, alethopteroid, womb-chasm, void, the 
dark chasm my exoplanet, 
clouds and pools, inhabited. 

for the threnody of the dead i am not cliff or chasm,
from the womb-chasm, from the void, they are rising:
they are rising,
i dream of the void::
the void::
until my clothes fall into chasms, 
my skin floats free in unspeakable
darkness, my energy, my radiation,
and the great void or chasm beneath the surface
and the great void or chasm beneath the surface

opens up the vast comprehension on the edge of falling apart 
the shores and the body
the shores of the chasms of the body
reaching, the cliff edge of the dark brook,
thunders, fluids,
vast voids,
on the edge of falling,
doubling and more than one,
mists vanishing, trolls and notices,
wreckage, and more than one,
and epitaphs





My Interview in Zouch magazine, end of February, 2016

http://zouchmagazine.com/alan-sondheim-interview/

Interview with Alan Sondheim

Alan Sondheim is an artist you must follow. He tackles the frontiers of 
reality and through his work we can understand what is possible and what 
we really can do there. His magnum opus is Internet Text. He started work 
on the project 1994. Its a meditation on various subjects, including 
philosophy, psychology, language, body, and virtuality.

Born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. He holds a B.A. and M.A. in English 
from Brown University. He lives with his partner, Azure Carter, in 
Providence, Rhode Island. You can read the rest here.

***

al7

Volodymyr Bilyk: Can you describe  step by step  your more or less 
ordinary working session?

Alan Sondheim: Ill try. Im not sure I have an ordinary working session; I 
work every day, but the timing is deeply chaotic  for one thing I have bad 
insomnia and anxiety, and given a nights choppy sleep, I work around 
periods of exhaustion. I have a neurotic compulsion to produce constantly, 
however, and there are periods of time which work best for me. In the 
afternoons and early evenings, Ill practice music, as well as work out 
musical situations for various instruments. These are almost all acoustic, 
with straight pegs for the stringed ones; I have to be careful with tuning 
and the humidity. I practice with both bowing and right-hand fingering, 
working with as much difficulty as I can; I also work on left-hand 
technique, which is critical for unfretted instruments (hasapi, viola, 
violin, oud, etc.). Finally, I work with wind instruments  daily with 
shakuhachi, including no-holes shakuhachi (which are just tubes with a 
shakuhachi mouthpiece), and every 2-3 days, with clarinet or alto 
clarinet. Embrochure is critical with all of these, and hard for me.

Every day I also write, and if I can, work with images or video in virtual 
worlds. Im pursuing my philosophical interests (which I think determine 
everything I do), and I try to push my writing to the limit, and 
experiment with the edgespace of virtual worlds as well. I use some older 
perl programs I wrote, as well as linux/unix scripting for my texts, often 
culling from all of my work  for example, I could enter a simple command 
like grep -h sphere  texts/*.txt > zz to find all the examples of sphere  
in my textual work to date (about 35 megabytes ascii); the result can then 
be modified in any number of ways to produce a coherent work, literally a 
textual body, that contains the germs of a phenomenology on a particular 
subject, enhanced by repetition, cuts, jump-cuts, elisions, etc. If and 
when I put the work up, Ill combine it with at the least one or more still 
images, and often video as well, so that the philosophical extends into a 
kind of experience that augments, bypasses, or dilutes/sidetracks, whats 
produced by the words themselves.

I have a number of laptops and gaming machines here; I use Windows 10 (for 
the most part, also linux), and log into my linux/unix/bsd account at 
panix, where I work with a text-based terminal environment, for me the 
purest languaging (and its restriction) of all. This frees me incredibly 
to write. When Im out, I work in a small Win10 tablet or a Nook with a 
terminal program; Im really comfortable with linux as a subset or window 
within other operating systems. When Im out, at a coffee shop for example, 
I feel amazingly free to write  the difficulty of the virtual disappears 
and its almost like having a conversation at my fingertips.

chanterelle7

When Im home, Ill often have soccer on in the background; Im a Barcelona 
fan, but now Eibar as well, and its calming for me. I also watch a lot of 
BBC news, and, when I can get it, Al Jazeera. I drink coffee incessantly, 
nothing else; it keeps me going. I try to write a minimum of 43 lines a 
day, but with the textual culling I do, the texts can reach 100 lines or 
more with the philosophical work, much longer. I feel always I have very 
little time to live (I was told I was going to be dead by 25), so I 
produce as often and intensely as I can, so as not to leave anything 
undone. My work is aphoristic, choppy, intense, edgy, etc. I write sexual 
pieces as well but have to be careful not to let myself be too aroused, or 
the text veers into typical territory.

I read constantly, mostly philosophy, cosmology, particle physics, 
Buddhist texts, and logic/mathematics, to the extent I can understand what 
Im reading; many of my books are above me, and I supplement them with 
video lectures, etc. I want to know as much about the universe as I can, 
and I read in these areas daily. I also read grammars and lexicons for 
non-Indo-European languages, to extend my knowledge of syntax/semantics 
outside the usual. Being Jewish, Ive also attempted Hebrew, and a very 
little Assyrian, Babylonian, etc. (On the other hand, theres Hittite, 
which is fascinating); Ellen Zweig and I, years ago, did some classical 
Chinese translating as well. On top of these, Im also ransacking the past, 
looking at various strange 18th-early 19th century books in English that 
resonate with digital/virtual phenomenology. All of this is just reading, 
of course.

Finally, I have a general tendency (being seriously depressive at times) 
to look horror in the face; hence, my writing stemming from thinking about 
absolute terror, torture, global organism extinctions, scorched earth 
policies, and so forth. I give talks on these, and Im always frightened of 
these talks Im giving one in Pennsylvania, for example, as a keynote for a 
new new media program, and Ive been working on it for a couple of months. 
I want to deal with anguish, with inconceivable despair, and what one can 
do in these situations; this kind of work gives me nightmares on top of 
the insomnia, but for me, its a form of politics without politics I dont 
want to deal for example with the origins or history of ISIS, but the 
confrontation ISIS engenders in people who are fleeing, who are about to 
be killed, and so forth. For me, this is where the heart of being lies, 
within the human sphere and of course the human sphere itself is embedded 
within cosmology, particle physics etc. But the human sphere is 
fundamentally abject, tawdry, always already falling apart, and thats 
where my work lies; thats what I think about.

And finally, finally (far more than you need), when Im falling asleep, I 
tend to try and figure out simple topological/3d-4d figures, and how 
theyre interrelated not mathematically (I dont know have the talent, 
knowledge, or expertise for that), but in terms of visualizations; when 
all else fails, Ill get up, and try to work in the other room, so as not 
to wake Azure. And I have to say, Azures at the heart of all of this; she 
keeps me sane, to the extent that I may be sane, she gives me a sense of 
beauty and grace that otherwise is pretty much foreign to me

***

VB: Can you tell me about your major project Internet Text? What is it 
about?

AS: This started in 1994; its a continuous meditation on the phenomenology 
of cyberspace and associated phenomena. At this point cyberspace as a 
concept would be replaced by a more general digi-sphere, which we inhabit, 
and which inhabits us. The Internet Text is a collection of interrepated 
files, produced usually at the rate of one or two a day; the entirety is 
at http://www.alansondheim.org/ its the text files, for example tt.txt 
which Im working on now. The files are in more or less alphabetical order, 
and individually are about 70-100k ascii in length. VB: What was its 
origins? What are your intensions with it?

 AS: Here is an early description:

The "Internet Text" currently constitutes around 100 files, or 10,000 
printed pages. It began in early 1994, and has continued as an extended 
meditation on cyberspace, expanding into 'wild theory' and literatures, 
symptomologies of the edge.

Almost all of the text is in the form of short- or long-waves. The former 
are the individual sections, written in a variety of styles, at times 
referencing other writers/theorists. The sections are interrelated; on 
occasion emanations are used, avatars of philosophical or psychological 
import. These also create and problematize narrative substructures within 
the work as a whole. Such are Susan Graham, Julu, Alan, Jennifer, Azure, 
and Nikuko in particular.

The long-waves are fuzzy thematics bearing on such issues as death, 
sexuality, virtual embodiment, the "granularity of the real," physical 
reality, computer languages, and protocols. The waves weave throughout the 
text; the resulting splits and convergences owe something to 
phenomenology, programming, deconstruction, linguistics, philosophy and 
prehistory, as well as the domains of online worlds in relation to 
everyday realities.

Overall, I'm concerned with virtual-real subjectivity and its mannifesta- 
tions. I continue working on a cdrom of the last eight years of my work 
(Archive), as well as a series of 3d animation and other videos, some of 
which are on cdrom.

I have used MUDS, MOOS, talkers, perl, d/html, qbasic, linux, emacs, vi, 
CuSeeMe, Visual Basic, etc., my work tending towards embodied writing, 
texts which act and engage beyond traditional reading practices. Some of 
these emerge out of performative language - soft-tech such as computer 
programs which _do_ things; some emerge out of interferences with these 
programs, or conversa- tions using internet applications that are 
activated one way or another. And some of the work stems from 
collaboration, particularly video, sound, and flash pieces.

There is no binarism in the texts, no series of definitive statements. 
Virtuality is considered beyond the text- and web-scapes prevalent now. 
The various issues of embodiment that will arrive with full-real VR are 
already in embryonic existence, permitting the theorizing of present and 
future sites, "spaces," nodes, and modalities of body/speech/community.

The texts are roughly in the order written; the last-entered at the moment 
is nd. They may be read in any order, and distributed in any medium; 
please credit me. I would appreciate in return any comments you may have.

VB: Do you have Grand Scheme of Things for it?

AS: Seriously, I dont believe in Grand Schemes; the whole idea of the text 
is against that.

VB: Do you know when and where to stop? or Is this project forever 
ongoing?

AS: It wont be finished but  will stop when Im dead or incapacitated.
***
 categ3

VB: can you tell me more about your musical practice?

AS: Music for me is fundamentally both calming and difficult; playing at 
speed requires real concentration; at the same time, working with a 
physical instrument (almost always acoustic) results in a dialog between 
myself and the world that is removed from the digital. I rarely practice 
scales, but I do practice playing in tune; I need to work on this, on 
muscle memory, finding both the proper positions for the left-hand 
fingerings, and working out new positions. I should practice at least two 
hours a day, but at times its a lot less. The wind instruments require the 
most, because embrochure is difficult; with instruments such as the saz or 
oud, I need to work on unfamiliar scales, making them part of me.

VB: Have you ever tried to write your own programs? do you have what is 
your dream gear of choice?

AS: Ive written a lot of programs in simple languages such as script 
(linux or unix), perl (which Im not great at), and years ago, in Basic, 
Qbasic, Pascal, etc. Years ago as well I worked with a TI59 calculator, 
which can be programmed in a kind of assembly language. At the moment, Im 
working either with terminal windows in linux (which gives me great 
flexibility), or modifications of existing programs (for example the 
rewrites I did with emacs). I wish I knew more virtual world scripting 
directly; instead I tend to modify scripts there as well. As far as gear 
goes, I work with gaming laptops, which I love, mostly with Win10 now; Ive 
also installed linux on a netbook and an older gaming machine. Ive used 
linux for 20 years, on and off. My dream gear at this point would also 
include 3d goggles, 3d printers (which Ive used before, but now have no 
access to), motion capture equipment (ditto), etc. Anything to extend the 
(inter)penetration of body and virtual/digital domains, in other words. So 
Ive learned to deal with available tech; Im dependent on the kindness of 
strangers so to speak.

VB: What do you think about text generators?

AS: Very complicated question for me. Ive worked with ones Ive made myself 
even back with some of the TI59 programs. The work I do culling text from 
my own texts is a form of generation as well. But for me there are limits; 
Im interested in the poetics of the body and its symbolic productions 
which means if there is a poem produced by a human, by direct writing 
(however defined), and an identical poem produced by a text generator the 
latter has no inherent interest for me, since it doesnt inhere to the 
body, is not part of an organic habitus. If you have a program write Help 
me, Im dying and a human, the response between the two would be worlds 
apart. I realize all the philosophical problems with this position of 
course, and am side-stepping them. For me, the dance (for example) Im 
interested in, is that produced by the body in extremis the body which 
pre/sents, stands against, the technological or even presentational 
apparatus; this holds as well for the work Ive done on or with sexuality. 
I see this kind of work as a form of rupture of the technological, 
cyborg/prosthetics notwithstanding. And it has political ramifications 
reacting fundamentally to the slaughter occurring in Syria, as much as 
possible not thinking through this material as digital mediation (although 
for us it is), but as the cutting of living meat. Again, yes, the 
contradictions, but on the other hand, without this perspective, were 
guilty ourselves of ethological acting-at-a-distance, not engaging with 
the numerous ruptures our so-called civilized world is currently 
undertaking.

VB: Do you use cryptography methods in your writing?

AS: Sometimes; Ive worked with steganography for example and simple 
ciphers; Ive also produced pieces using substitution codes that get so 
blighted as to be almost impenetrable. If you code many -> one, for 
example, you cant reverse. Lets say is a simple example, [A-Z,a-z] -> 3; 
then you might have a line like 333 333333333333 3. 333 and this is 
illegible, the 3s marking only the length of the words but thats 
fascinating on its own level, relating to the cold death of the universe 
mur14 (1)

VB: can you offer some writing exercises?

AS: When Ive done this, Ive tried to present things from my thinking about 
codework, and suggest to students that they use the linux command line, to 
create substitutions, expansions, contradictions, etc. etc., to see what 
will happen. At times Ive also suggested simple themes for example write 
the last piece you will ever write; write a piece you will write in 2050, 
etc. Ive taught creative writing to very good effect, and never assigned 
exercises instead I treated everyone in the class as a fully-developed 
write, taking their work seriously! This is important. So wed produce 
magazines or booklets back then, and now I think wed work with WordPress 
or Lulu or some such. But I dont have teaching opportunities and wont 
again (because of my age); all of this is stillborn.

VB: What have you learned from trying to work constantly?

AS: That writing is real-time, that it deviously seems to forestall death, 
that it creates a vast and expanding habitus, that its everywhere and 
nowhere simultaneously, that I write for others who may or may not come to 
the table

VB: Have ever felt a burnout because of that?  Have you ever stumbled upon 
not knowing what to do next? 

AS: Actually not, no burnout; the world is far too fascinating, there is 
far too much evidence of that. When I find myself stuck, I might practice 
music or read a grammar manual on, for example, Tahitian or another 
Oceanic Island language, or I might just play shakuhachi or violin or 
guqin, etc.  worlds within worlds, always opening up!

VB: Can you describe one of your more adventurous sessions?

AS: Im not sure what you mean here. With video Ive shot underneath a 
tornado, in violent winds from Hurricane Sandy, in blizzards, etc.  these 
conditions fascinate me and I have to of course be careful with cameras. 
With audio, Ive played in places such as the Inclined Plane Railway in 
Johnstown, PA (Im still here, now, after a conference); with photography, 
film, and video, Ive done a lot of shooting at the burning mountain 
outside Wilkes-Barre, PA, and have followed firefighters into burning 
buildings in Los Angeles. There are always these things But writing or 
music these should always been adventurous in themselves. Then there is 
sexual writing/video/photography/etc. I did off and on, almost none now 
and the difficulty there can be keeping arousal under control, seeing this 
work as work, with pleasure taking a back seat.

Probably the most adventurous work, however, was done with Foofwa 
dImobilite, Maud Liardon, Azure Carter, and myself, making video and audio 
work in the Alps, around the area of the Aletsch Glacier in Switzerland. 
That was amazing.

VB: what do you think about multimedia ways of literature? 

AS: Its like asking what do you think of written novels? to me. It depends 
on the work. Im not so interested in work that is dependent on big data or 
mapping {A} to {B} Dow Jones stockmarket results for example to a path 
through a non-linear novel because big data and mapping have, themselves 
(and in a way theyre the same thing) become tropes, stereotypical, taken 
for granted if theyre questioned, theyre often not questioned deeply 
enough, for example to destroy the cohesion they seem to have on the 
surface or within the digital structures themselves

***
 chanterelle4

VB: Can you describe how do find a new ways of expressing ideas  the 
process itself? Where do you start and when you know its time to stop? 
What tools do you use?

AS: I use any and all available tools, anything I can find; most of the 
videos are short because theyre instances or snapshots of productions, 
theyre states-of-affairs of a particular sort. And I read constantly, 
math, science, some philosophy, poetry/poetics, new media things as well, 
and these feed into what Im doing. I look for limit cases, pushing 
software or comprehension to the edge of legibility; pushing virtual world 
behavior to the edgespace of the world so that anomalies appear. The main 
tools are some limited programming, various virtual worlds (including one 
that resides on my computer alone), musical instruments, some 
Supercollider programs Luke Damrosch wrote for me, and so forth.


VB: What do you think about multiple versions of one piece of work  todat 
any piece of art can be represented in a various ways  as a recording, as 
a video, as a collage, image-macro, a description, a comment, reference 
and so on. Is this multiplying useful for an artist  what it can bring and 
where it can lead?  

AS: I cant answer this; it depends on the artist. I try to move on after 
everything I do, but other people refine. This doesnt really apply to me. 
And of course a piece of art cant be represented, say, as a collage, and 
then as a comment  these are different media; only intermedia connecting 
these things might apply. You should ask someone else I think.

VB: What do you think about consciously using old ways of expressions in 
order to constrain and reorganise yourself?

AS: Im not really interested, honestly, in ways of expression, and have no 
interest in constraining myself; the content of the work, its 
phenomenological or philosophical position, motivates me. Im not sure what 
reorganize myself might me; again, I dont think it applies to me. I do 
work, musically, with issues of virtuosity, but thats because playing as 
such leads me somewhere else, to new territories. That said, Im also 
fascinated by instruments like guqin and hegelungs that are culturally 
embedded, that I have to approach with a sense of humility; I have to 
understand them.

category6

VB: What do you think about a concept to boldly go where no one has gone 
before is it relevant in age of Internet? Is it necessary to do something 
new for sake of doing something new or is it important to do the right 
thing in the right time?

AS: I hope my work is new and in some areas maybe even ground-breaking, 
but thats not for me to decide the same goes for its relevance. Every day 
there are new digital/electronic wonders, new discoveries in particle 
physics, mathematics, cosmology; of course these are relevant. You might 
look at Bourdieus Distinction here whats relevant depends on habitus, 
community, communality, etc. And the second question Is it necessary to do 
something new?  for me it is; I dont want to repeat myself or the past in 
general. But hardly for the sake of doing something new whats the point of 
that? And I dont know what either the right thing or right time might be; 
I dont think this applies to me. I do think that failure is important; it 
leads to new ways of thinking, to reconsideration of what one is doing.

VB: What do you think about distracting activities?I mean  things you do 
in order to not to do what you usually do?

AS: I have constant distractions, and I often work through them, usually 
watching La Liga football for example. A lot of time has to be down time 
or time for music practice, which I can do while multi-tasking; then 
theres necessary time for background reading. But often Ill do things to 
clear my mind, searching for fungi, birding, etc. when I have a chance.

VB: Have you ever experienced a so-called writers block? By the way  isnt 
it a stupid concept that exists only to provoke funny answers?

AS: I havent experienced it but its not a stupid concept what makes you 
think that? I know people, including well-regarded theorists for example, 
who suffer from this, who have a great deal of difficulty expressing 
themselves, to the point of real despair.

VB: Have ever experienced the need to be somebody else? I mean something 
completely different and devoid of any of your usual ambitions.

AS: No; I dont like myself, but Ive never wanted to be anyone else either.

***

About The Writer Volodymyr Bilyk

Volodymyr Bilyk is a writer, translator from Ukraine. His books include: 
visual poems in the series This is Visual Poetry (2013), book of asemic 
short stories CIMESA published in White Sky Books (2013), book of poetry 
Casio's Pay-Off Peyote published by Red Ceilings Press (2013), visual 
poetry collection SCOBES published by No Press(2013), visual poetry 
collection THINGS published by Unconventional Press(2014), Laugh Poems 
published by Underground books(2014), Vispo Ay Ai Ay published by Blank 
Space Press(2014) and "To When Tea Ties Hence to Wank It Too" / "Eminent 
Means of Basil Dado Hem-Welt" in The Chapbook 5(2015). His works were 
exhibited on Bright Stupid Confetti Asemic Show, Yoko Ono Fan Club, Venti 
Leggeri in Bologna, EL MARTELL SENSE MESTRE in Barcelona, The Future is 
Here Again: VISUAL LANGUAGE in New York, 1st International Literary Fair 
of Mato Grosso (2015) and on World Association of Visual and Experimental 
Artists in Valjevo.

View All Author's Posts Follow On Twitter



Morris Song Dance to be Sung with Rollicking Song

http://www.alansondheim.org/chasm13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ripesong.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/seresong.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/ripetune.mp3

why am i such a freak
that i can hardly speak
into the world i peek
for my salvation seek
to find the perfect line
and then to make it fine
dividing one by sine
into some new degree
that i will live to see
in form eternity
in such discomforty
and dire foreitry
that soon someone will say
that i shall rue the day
i named myself that way
without a tune to play
or someone new to hear
with a more perfect ear
to add a bit of cheer
in this autumnal sere
a tangent i will add
the sine was far too sad
the two t'gither mad
i will have spoke egad
my sadness to have wipe
while i with drum and pipe
shall have not of a gripe
my tune at last is ripe

Chorus:

ripe ripe ripe ripe is ripe ripe tune ripe ripe ripe ripe that 
is ripe i is ripe am last ripe am tune ripe why a ripe why i is 
is find last ripe hardly at ripe that my ripe a a ripe i pipe is 
am will is am last why degree tune my my ripe speak a ripe i 
shall ripe freak wipe is such was last i at am say my why line a 
peek have ripe speak drum ripe i egad is freak sere at such tune 
i a gripe why by not to pipe ripe world wipe ripe speak i last i 
add at freak my such t'gither of am live shall why and with ripe 
my sadness ripe the sad last hardly with tune that gripe a not i 
dire pipe why fine while ripe find spoke is peek sine last into 
play my can a freak have such rue drum am some have and i is 
salvation i at world that my hardly of that shall a play with am 
live sadness it t'gither is to sere at peek the gripe into not i 
pipe a add while i such egad by sad ripe perfect cheer at my say 
gripe the have hardly and freak the wipe i someone have new far 
ripe to a at seek that a i have speak drum that my to such the i 
why live the ripe fine ear tune the discomforty a for shall into 
with i my sadness a without t'gither why form will ripe by a 
tune line form a salvation pipe world i can my a to two am and 
tangent ripe some to tune to live of to pipe i while hardly 
spoke freak a sad am someone sere ripe i or tune it that of the 
and for wipe into have that tangent too i rue this ripe see to 
tune one some of line and my have the will i the was i myself 
cheer ripe in without tune into by of then drum seek to world i 
can sadness sine such to bit ripe and that tune degree dividing 
not make drum to to i mad hardly have add such hear add ripe 
someone named tune will make not fine with the sadness peek 
t'gither speak will a add ear i day at see then not by with line 
my my two speak i freak autumnal perfect day rue at eternity 
line not into with then my salvation the the tangent freak the a 
why way i at discomforty the not new i make egad to sad world 
sere that two with why play say at that to not i i fine egad 
find sad i autumnal i my to am hear someone at will salvation 
not to i dividing spoke perfect too peek this can drum new am 
ear soon last shall my not in i sine spoke line far for in 
hardly my someone i of foreitry last i peek not in while some 
have then was my cheer speak or i a dire last

