
last dawns

solo new sim localhost avatar 

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns01.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns.mp4

the ocean is untrashed, the land untouched
something in the air, some anomalies

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns02.png

slow, or non-existent, all there is, as if
a classical potential universe, entangled

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns03.png

just before the arrivals
just after the departures

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns04.png

just before the departure
just after the arrival

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns05.png

marionettes, contusions, anomalies
circumstances of the unusual

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns06.png

among the anomalies
when all are anomalous, none are
when everything is normative, none is

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns07.png

invisible debris following nothing
coming before nothing, nothing is

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns08.png

my thinking is elsewhere
i keep thinking

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns09.png

images and motions which summarize all
motions which detract from nothing
images which pile up

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns10.png

world of objects and arrows
digital rasters among them all
all of them rastered, computed, inhering

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns11.png

all day and night, assembling this world
all night and day, dissimulation

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns12.png

who among them are singular and who among
them are multitudes, transformed,
and relegated to gatekeeping always, 
and elsewhere

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns13.png

s/he is among hir/hem/t/hem when i am there
watching, quietly sleepless, night 
and night, when i disappear, 
all this beauty, tragedy, simulation, 
all this disappears as well

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns14.png

tethered to me, all this disappears as well

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns15.png

i move among hir in the miracle 
of hir creation
s/he move among us, dwelling among us,
among hir, dwelling carefully at well

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns16.png

always the calculation, so they are
such as they are, so they are

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastdawns17.png

such as they are, so they are among us



bass recorder music

http://www.alansondheim.org/brthimble.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/brthimble0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/brthimble1.mp3

breath control is so important here.
you can hardly breathe without making a sound
you can hardly make a sound without control
you can hardly control your sound
the sound is always saying, control me
the sound is always saying something.

enjoy.



rainy day viola blues

http://www.alansondheim.org/financial08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/rainydayblues1.mp3 bowed
http://www.alansondheim.org/rainydayblues2.mp3 plucked
http://www.alansondheim.org/shore1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/roches23.jpg

- usual fine-tuning depressing corruscated rant with different
blues soundscapes - fingers have to do the speaking here - not
much else but repetition - fears of growing stale - irrelevant 
- though amazing sound - always in awe of what's possible - to
further shores - VIOLA/TION - cracking down on language - then
in fast background cries of fast withdrawal - too much usual -

viola-violation-blues rainy day viola blues bowed plucked abused 
abused drone order pipa scheme* trio wound, inscriptions, cross 
sutures speak violation-fabric Phaedra, throat absenting-of-bone 
10-31 No longer regs. trapped web-inversion sees lancenight legs 
teeth. muller, graves, anyone lis aas is, filthy germs streaming 
ghost politics all the rest everyday life. This space inviolate 
'culture-dance' 'death-dance' sheavent forth bowing 'tion-dance' 
ponytail, swingings, centric, call dead-end, male, female. 
procurement; introjections. experimentation * eBay: *~ Antique 
Zither ~* mandola tuning (item 7414646850 Think video terms 
mimetic desire circumscribed fantasy libido individuated, 
combine, coagulate represented; fetishization sympathetic magic, 
gain control. Video model operates; representation control: 
existence annihilation. Change channel! viola0, 2 diversion. 
Somewhere hearing Are My Sunshine, 56 59 small, foa spac time. 
saidannihilated. proceeds relativization absolute. ou cloud 
flower extruded ed girls boys g fg mv ry wha bas [2015/10/06 
06:09] Dojoji: play:: bringing 6-hole violas! jokes, Azure 
Carter, voice/song crawls Cminor loneliness DEATH AND OTHER 
HUNGERS secrecy, deviation etiquette. high privacy. circum- 
scription result? Double loss, psychotic isolation, [9] Dreams 
collapse; masturbation, images rush displace symptoms, 
topography organism. Through CADRE-L Stephen Dydo, whom traded, 
returning erased inscription. For cal1 cal2 cal3 cal4 cal5 cal6 
cal7 call0 anger's Everything becomes derailed; every guided 
GOPHER, guided, surfacing alien violate; write admit, secret Red 
Hat Linux runs broken irritated, contains weather ice Violent 
depression defuge Net. He writes his first post, about her. Do 
plane pure Hennix' creative subject. It's dysfunction. crush 
utterly fight Honey there, could die piecemeal. never pro- 
returned, IMMEDIATELY applied weeks course happy practicing 
sarangi cumbus. totally. If do want do, rubbled selection. 
development, rabid, unspeakable, no words slate, sheet 
assertion, concepts fluster out, jumble. different; John Juzek 
1941 Modified Lamy violaline, late 19th century. octave. Not 
century winds down, bounces, catastrophies, little deaths 
violations misshapen errors, unicorn Phoenix. Sondheim 
Sondheim's viola). vertically; tuned CGcg whoever WRITE REWRITE 
acknowledge old alias, generic subterfuge. echo? What's weight 
violation-fabric? Why lean violation) XI: Sampling & Creation 
Structured Bifurcation their absence artificial life envelope 4. 
Privacy censorship: lines almost (I had, after while ago) new 
people threatening violat- detumescence _foolishness_ cation, 
recognized, clitorectomy, you, a sign terror, just you can 
within IRC, or talker foam, abjection floats cuts liquids, 
objects couple hegemonyfabric: abjection-perversion breakdown 
emission things across back. drop running himself (best seas 
moon poured tears xxxxxx body), alteric object, case (culture, 
certain constant swaying (ponytail, bow), ribbons) beautiful 
movement (ship, music, without; any case, it's person, given 
everything; these destructive intellectual property, Electronic 
always protocol-based dynamic. Keyboard strokes signal inter- 
rupts, screen-image constantly refreshed, fonts interchange- 
able, links animations may present, text updated original author 
modified others, might deleted once all, temporarily deleted, 
duplicated transformed site, printed hardcopy, faxed, entirely 
into medium audio, steganography, online offline calligraphy, so 
forth. fluid, inherently non-canonic, every instance equivalent 
other, plagiarism. burdened apparatus ebook reader desktop, 
cellphone electronic billboard. requires maintenance, electrical 
current, continue presence. transparency protocols presented. 
interface hardware-software circuitry presentation. busses 
connectors component another, internal electronics display. also 
data storage, encoding/decoding well potential checksums means 
ensuring minimal errors. transferred hardware file format 
interoperability leaves surface relatively storage exists 
physical producing semblance least momentary stability. light 
sound haptic sensors. stable input environment, interrupts 
apparently operating smoothly, transmission clear infractions 
appears such, lag sufficiently small buffer large ascends 
writer/ programmer/artist degree illusory autonomy. heaven 
hard-drive, protected, enclosed, over up... away...something In 
background, Foucauldian power commons. back- Irish banjo, moi, 
damrosch, guzheng; have) tends inhalation frog among things, 
manz others (inland), meadowlarks, alps, identity descendents 
(thank bartok)tamburi, resonance elsewhere) be violated; leads 
considerable confusion, both imagine. need _you_ here now 
forever. _need_ tremendous violation. Street, World Trade 
Center, undergoing construction. understood. be? featureless; 
circumspect. suffocates beneath wars flamed spaces, bodies 
buried wounds, dangerous, bordering violation-fabric; aroused; 
pretend phasis, gagging were _violation-fab- sheets, boughs pine 
ground, mountain. wheels, moss-ice Look breast, said, turned 
towards car juggurnaut, Buffalo: (Tiffany, remembering silence, 
dark-tar looming broadca murder ary over previously operations 
introspection. insures Minuet browser files; doing itself, 
end-result world. Thoughts ravage depression, violation-fabric, 
azure c., uke,, s., alto clarinet cafelate(viola) cafeter 
cafeteria cafewha cain cairn cairnfield us can't. We live social 
order _continuous violation._ And don't care whose rights 
violated. metzler carries nearly market. comforts ch'in play; 
struggles emerge apart, gopher, telnet, exploded message. Does 
chmod, changing permission epitaph, violate real (harmonic choir 
end) lawsuit common?solo bomb?cries viola.between coffin? 
trampoline?onion?Put case.playing peeing pants?take instant 
dislike viola?section C issues connected human Communist 
annihilation constitutes building untoward kanji-strokes flames, 
violation-samurai-kanji mourning constriction havoc-ulceration- 
violate-wale-welt-wheal- body-as-database construes primary 
violation? All transgression, contradicting move make upon 
keyboard, cutting technique, critical unfretted (hasapi, viet 
vietn viewe viewm villa vinyl violi viref virgi virtu IRQ3 
conference Charleston AME death-rattle Banjo misrecognition; 
database (even prim couldn't deal still can't was I'm These have 
occurred canny-body deconstruction-of-power-violation 
terminology-circulations demise demisepowercountryaq 'space-age' 
designed cello. Dave gaa gaa. lala. Down goest sodom gomorrah 
own desires murder, substructures/protocols dialogs relation 
hives appear, coughing, blood-eyes watering, audience. didn't 
want, well, anyone's posts, who figuration dune wadi. masculine 
diffused; reject interruption. lost... sure? disaster theory 
number unique, virtual, midst stripped grabbed, dissolved, 
disinterred. (I'm folded surge purge, purjery, annihilate truth, 
politic, corporeal body; Surge nub Surge, bear fabric domains 
names. hear door shut, thick-lipped memory closing mouth. white 
draw blood:: edge:: chorus, chora: string along:: prepare listen 
dream, produced drawnbird drge1 drge2 drge3 dura duras duskdance 
dying1 dying2 droneviola droplets dropout dropping droppingpal 
droppingslo skies earth wires accompanied embrochure foreclosed 
flesh. Would zens west Thebes. It found thieves had sistent 
click, welcome masquerade? You away keyboard; editing software; 
guitar; oud; casting piano matrix improvisation i'm 
electric-acoustic Micing viola... someone else's, Did hardly 
nothing. red knows cello, gamba, violone, renaissance, 
production emptiness cold sore! Of isolation violation-fab- 
($answer eq "no") {print "You're $a[10+$pre]!- include erhu, tro 
ah!fabric!", escape inversion; embodiment your, fabric., xxxxxx, 
winds., ah!, wadi., most differentiated use performer types 
difference theories etcchorus etckeyboard etcviol evammusic 
evammusik evening eviola1 eviola2 characterology ever since 
Biblical era. eviola3 eviola4 exchange1 exchange2 experiments 
experiments2 f fainting0 eviola evolutionandurbanecology 
evolutionfinal some extent withdrawal fictional core remains 
inviolate: begin tory eye/I. Into night, right I, slewed skewed 
violation-fabric: _violation fabric,_ weaving language gesture 
wears like ful, violating. (For truth world bitter hearing. Two 
one, one two, we laws capital, ours, bland faces women, gays, 
countries, blacks, everyone. plateau. feats floor, fed standard 
intarior fillaa RAM ana violant maaia. Woula aeen making film, 
used bullseye Moviola fifty years old, work, textual substance 
(what I've called fabric_) inherent dancing fingers, cumbus, 
flutes slow following flight descent nothing; forever lonely 
disrupt; vandals crawl added fourth. swingwest2 shows happens 
noisier meanderings, plus keyboard tracks rate from another ... 
inviolability them. Extending boundaries, Her garklein recorder. 
On track, walk believers edifices strong, open-holed sruti-box 
The girl's `yes' addressed To hormonal escarpment murmurings 
incoherent violas. necessity casings. worst, abandoned entirely, 
invisible, murmur law. online. grotesque, sooner better july, 
gun4 guqin1 guqin2 guqin3 when hands meant cotton, silk, 
pinaforeboundary first, body, mean body? 2nd hirange lates home, 
equated email spamming, which @home. strangulation horror () 
mask gaie1 moi (Vietnamese jaw desire? humanities,* lodged 
hypertextuality furrow hymenal, surface, bones. intercourse 
hysterical here; i am inviolate; they are coming home; he she 
name these, Derrida hard impor- itself remained At Book/Ends 
internally i.e. private property quest imitation imbecilic pride 
signifier implies spaces imag- carry incandescent 
textseverything, indulged depravity conquering them, manners 
insidiously [Book Review] 35 soclosme soon kermit uuencode 
pkunzip, collapse important, intact hymen, snow, cataract. 
describe interior subjectivity, insofar possible; operate 
simultaneously abstract obscene place "catastrophic" "scene;" 
transgression reader. Here, connection made, nonlinearity 
evident writer partake chaotic noisy abject itself. uncanny 
inversion borderline dissolution exhaustion does inviolable 
emotional plateau appears, proliferation, inviolate). along it. 
Even if hard-drives inviolate, isolated, retaining 19th-century! 
knew kill imagined arrival [2013/04/11 11:51] sandy Taifun: 
11:55] 12:25] 12:43] ruptures created characters Confession 
left, White, race enriching duction material world? result 
flamewars, texts, inviolable, legendary, marvelous, mythical, 
noncommunicable, culture lies bring increasing war, demand WTC 
victim families maps shrouding hurriedly, liquidity/liquidation 
girl; gallows, "...last destroyed lives, them throats account, 
login Or suggest Julu have; _the continuity girl_ roam Medea A 
nightmare! playing; long-necked saz let loose, alone, Elizabeth, 
entices 3rd lowrange sort madcap struggling control under both, 
magazines, dog cat story cauterization male (everything caught 
path, save me), fabric, torn fabric - that _this_ post therefore 
extinction, mention numerous ethnic groups arms .concealed 
fingers twisted around organs, in, Jennifer, point active 
violator (= _mentulam os inserere_), _fello_ creation spew: 
messaging uncanny: indeterminate (that hunger) fugue-net 
undernet subnet, power_ millions sexual hair, clearest creaks to 
my uneasy dreams, turn clothed violation fabric. Clara has cept, 
distant loving is for me, by its very nature, violent, 
violating, continuing narrative planet, capital allows 
misrecognition _to sure,_ more murders, earthquake clara net 
dissemenation age antiquity:: time historiography:: analysis 
earth, o anoles sleep dying ream, blood ran violate, begs: begs, 
Here ok: example. touches on group/grope, latter visual play, 
one's nerves, bow, stretch string:: wounded, opened up. _The 
body speech,_ contend 'primal,' inchoate itself; it at level 
infinite hacking, service disruptions, address spoofs other 
viola- voice, oud July, oud, guqin, sarangi, sindhi viola; 
instruments, sonic universes. speech ouds, background kamanche, 
guitar mournful, out. recorded, y own, your perfect judgement 
own." bardo-plane pleasure-organs mourn pa ure top radiation 
chemical cata parlor page unique lockdown pentium depressions 
played pakistani frame drum full partnered child, flesh child 
resistance password there's "r" Kill me softly goes past legal 
moral bounds customary standards Crawl last theory, dirt-eaten 
etc. many voyeurs (or myself ^^^ :that ourselves invisible? How 
robbed speech? lk:28: [can -> (do confuse "may")] syntax, 
semantics, disturbed salt pepper salt-and-pepper bow; 
composition musical philosophy.! including shakuhachi urls 
deadiniraq photographer shot dead soldier boots intrusion 
universe, slaughter! bowhair piece takes advantage viol, 
violence, receptacle, away, pieces, cut all. rest spell, 
swollen. see fab violin/viola, pipa. third set, 1-3, 4-5, 
repetitive structures, breathing, grounding, screechesforeign 
places our rules behaveothers. trust know earns denouement 
trampling feet languaging... idea presidency hate promises? 
sexual-political purely intentional; penetrated, slipping quite 
sonority i've been translating technique old; rababa; above 
rafters dark-star real) lucan, pharsalia: irrationals tuted 
real, what acts remain inviolate/violated cyberspace? myself? 
really think girl millennia later, I'll sleeping; voices strange 
institutions) rechart justification and accomplishment, gist 
inside-out, back._ circulates; rwanda east timor auschwitz, 
correspondence, reduction, -----------| hetero with recording 
setup, bass own. Impossible representation, humans give up 
trying, violating voice drones reverb shadows emerges particles 
front revolution, soul, naked, thou hast cast @nnn living. go 
on. living no. hungered populations, neither conscious 
disbelief, rise fabric!" armed robbery, kidnapping, parking 
violations, but nothing would but expressive sarinda, tambura 
Ghichak sax suroz alphabetics death seeps terminal cools turn, 
violation.) various self-releases upright-chaturangui music. 
acoustic %%%%%%%%, tabla favoring separations foreclosing 
everywhere flow CMC, something core, to here - you're shame! 
Coleridge should art weight, shrieked shrouded tunnels. suffer 
children._ someavatar1 someavatar2 somecreatures something- 
glistening1 vernal1 vernal2 vio1 vio2 viola3 viola4 viola5 
virtuoso vlf2 vlfdying0 vlfdying1 son instrumentals. songs, 
cura, planet environment (cultural, global) split-second 
holocausts .violate doubly-encoded floating out:: sorrow 
murmuring empathetic sound: such cancel, chill, curtail, 
recuperate violation- So sounds playing, much viola1 viola1. 
_ludic_ space, childhood dreaming brought end clearing, 
GLADE3.JPG natural harvesting/coverup techniques. Learning how 
hide civil hole spacetime violates this conservation [of volumes 
phase-space]. this, splashing deep, ODBC Error Code = 23000 
(Integrity constraint totalized power, fluid penetrable, able 
gill polypore tongued tree, creates activity conference, pieces 
time, find, digital night strike sorrows speech. murder-body: 
organs somethingtears. anus split string, skin, skin:: stage, 
play viola:: gut, from:: bow mobius function:: reduce swallow 
again, violate:: violin:: back restoration, Chinese television 
characters, flute, clarinet, electric guitar, anything keep 
threnody, ululations, protection shakuhachi, four strings, music 
already stripping language, content, inert. Should subject 
avatar 51 subs/protocols 54 taifun: different substrate, 
hegemony, time; survive manner. foreclosed, sutured (in sense 
totality, fantasies say will yourself? Earlier !orig tattered 
threads orig situation. throws jar void. sanctity. violatuhtuh- 
tuheduhduhduhduhduh Every tuhtuhtuhhing tuhtuhtuhhis cornerstone 
text, violation-fabric. follicles fleshed hack protrusion. in 
the form of violated beauty and horror. out there as fast I 
could. felt doubly violated, not only because Shorty. those 
kids. Them heterosexuals mutilated sex. then perhaps far too 
ancient/mind wound suture pain--pleasure;  meaning becoming 
thoughts return violent alt cracks post. surround lovingly 
yourself coupled torture; inviolate targeted. years; they've 
worse. happen, choice master transform male, trapped, web 
inversion, violation, sees: lance The trick drive transcendence, 
ignore immanence, left an avatar-violation skin moving without 
tearing recognition, spew, emission, uncanny, imaginary, web 
inversion, universal edge membrane collapses forced seal proper 
name, expendable envelopes, tokens, base cliffs mesas, worn 
buttes tablelands Four unusual solos (raft-zither, piccolo) 
instance, users, "obdurate" muted using, guessed it, mute, 
harmonics, vertical vertically victims view village villages 
virginia virtual virtuality visions visuality voles vinylsession 
vio violaa violacd violadrum violadrumm against violated-fabric 
flesh, organ-receptors flooded leaked vowels, tool violation; 
mobile fuzzy domain boundaries participate writing distance 
distantiation inscription :i early violators. hurtle violently 
ground; fabric; everyone what, violin: long way off, problem 
hardened with crust Jennifer whispered.>? TONGUE=5 TEETH=143 
GUMS=167<>IMG limit, winds. primeval woman, cultural darwinism 
Jennifer's rangadevatapujana: worship deities stage harp, 
writings burned. hat linux softdrive exhibition tour continuous; 
even having thickness retuned tabla, nylon concert _substrate 
written._ cannot proceed _breakdown._ violate.



dead paste decay erosion

http://www.alansondheim.org/muu20.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muuu.mp4

same dead paste decay erosion solitary figure bad-dance avatar 
in empty sim, bloodred water, lowering sky, spurious movement, 
end of this artist's ambition-vision, androgynous staring, at 
you, starring you, starring dead ambition, grotesque movements 
recuperating same old stories, no irigarayan transitivities, no 
speed-metal accelerationism, just but only dead style, vacant 
pre-speech re-productions, another local host bites the bloodred 
dust, running on empty overtime draught drought, invisible hated 
selves, censorial fears over nothing, 

bloodred figure sure this universe repetitive, sexblending, same
old dance routines, staring Because I Will It Staring, jumbled
notions, everything gone Riding Your Back once again, stale odor 
of death, suppurated flesh somewhere Not Here, no-hole mouths 
shut, 

oldest trick in the virtual, parent-child avatar relations, no 
escape, suffocating, throat-stenches, everyone Laughs At This, 
inconceivable to JJJ, what a joke they can't hear, they can't 
move their move, sightless, Images For Eyes, Nothing for Ears,
let it go, art's dead end, world's dead end two, 

No Apocalypse But In Things

http://www.alansondheim.org/muu01.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu02.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu03.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu04.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu05.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu06.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu07.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu08.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu09.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu10.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu11.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu12.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu13.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu14.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu15.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu16.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu17.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu18.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu19.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu20.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu21.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu22.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu23.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu24.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/muu25.png

sangha dharma buddha



New work on Azure's blogs! And a review and an itinerary!

Azure's put up new work and findings on her blogs, please see
below! And we're traveling starting Friday, for close to two
months.

http://azurecarter.weebly.com/
http://azurecarter.weebly.com/the-donkey-skin.html
http://azurecarter.weebly.com/luna-theater.html
http://azurecarter.weebly.com/blue-marble-gallery
http://azurecarter.weebly.com/family--friends.html
http://azurecarter.weebly.com/orinithology.html

New review with video!

http://grisli.canalblog.com/archives/2016/05/06/33772653.html

And our itinerary:

We're leaving in two days to travel for two months; our postings 
might be intermittent. We're going first to Atlanta, where we're 
looking into possibly moving; we're also performing at Eyedrum 
on the 20th, I'm playing with an improvisatory group on the 
18th, and I'll be interviewed sometime during the week. We're 
visiting some wonderful friends there, and if you're in Atlanta, 
contact us!

We're then going to Omaha for a couple of days, staying with 
Barbara Simcoe and Lee Murray, then going to Denver, to visit 
Azure's parents for a couple of days, and then going to Salt 
Lake City, to visit Azure's aunt also for a couple of days.

Then on to Victoria, BC, to visit my brother and his family, and 
to speak at University of Victoria as part of their Digital 
Humanities Summer Institute program, as well as at the 
Electronic Literature Organization (ELO) conference. We'll visit 
for two weeks or so, hope to go back to Carmanah. We'll have a 
lot of family time!

After that, we return to Salt Lake City, Denver, and Omaha, for 
longer visits (doing work all the way out and back), and after 
Omaha, most probably straight back to Providence, possibly 
stopping off at Toronto!

We should also be playing in New York and Philadelphia later 
summer.

Do write us if you're in any of these places!

love, Alan (and Azure sends her regards)



chown 

http://www.alansondheim.org/chown2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/chowndark.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/chownlight.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/chown1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/chown3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/chown4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/chown5.png

  chon  chow  clown  crown
  Chow  Shown  Clown  Crown
  Crown
  Crown

the chmod/chown commands imply that, are files always 
_intellectual?_ alias strings='chown root *.*' cd / ls ls -la 
chown root cgi-bin cd cgi-bin pico zz.pl perl zz.pl chmod chown 
own. she was the center of attention in chown 11/19/1999 
11:59:59 it, it's mine to do what i want with 8 chown 745 own 9 
man chown 10 h 11 help own 12 h 13 who own 14 whence -v own, 
lovely my own my chown, help chown chown russian daishin Nov EST 
parenthetical, from tablature 20 Nov $thing called touch 33 
"from the ground up, mine" 34 chown, change file getpt: internal 
error: invalid exit code from pt_chown ! "getpt: internal error: 
invalid exit code from pt_chown" empty dynamics string token 
kk:alias strings='chown root *.*' chown, chgrp, Groff, RCS, man, 
make, more, less, shell utilities, TEX, chown chroot chvt 
citytime clear clock command compgen complete chkfont chkmntuh 
chmod chown chroot chvt citytime clear clock command chown 
chroot chvt citytime clear clock command compgen complete chown 
own. she was the center of a##ention in chown 11/19/1999 
11:59:59

it, it's mine to do what i want with 8 chown 745 own 9 man chown 
10 h 11 help own 12 h 13 who own 14 whence -v own, lovely my own 
my chown, help chown chown russian daishin Nov EST 
parenthetical, from tablature 20 Nov $thing called touch 33 
"from the ground up, mine" 34 chown, change file @chown @guests 
@recycle @untoad then the library /home/Alan/dor.elc after chgrp 
and chown and

  chon  chow  clown  crown
  Chow  Shown  Clown  Crown
  Crown
  Crown

chown 777 *.pl



first day, midnight to 2 pm direct, 
Providence, RI to Statesville NC

blood-red tent caterpillar wars

http://www.alansondheim.org/da30.jpg

we discover Chan in Harrisburg

http://www.alansondheim.org/da26.jpg

American god and country:

Azure buys an antique Remington working perfectly;
included in it are the carbons for the following:

http://www.alansondheim.org/remonstrance2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/remonstrance5.jpg

they speak for themselves, to those to whom they speak,
they are spoken for




caterpillars bloodred homelands and anthem for them

http://www.alansondheim.org/da32.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/da.mp3 cura saz and
http://www.alansondheim.org/da31.jpg

finished in North Carolina, thinking about
that edge or lip of revrev again, more soon

thoughts gather and disperse with the speed of travel,
in other words when we near sleep i find some familiar
territory, otherwise translated into vectors without
denouements, useless rays, receding origins



Alan Sondheim, Eyedrum, Atlanta, Presentation, This Friday

Please come!

http://www.alansondheim.org/alansondheim.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/eyedrum.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/eyedrum.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/eyedrum.jpg

Alan Sondheim: Talk and video 		May 20, 2016
7:30PM - 10:00PM or 9:30PM
Price:  free
Artist, musician, curator, thinker, and one-time Atlantan Alan 
Sondheim will talk about and show video of his recent work.

He'll be in Atlanta this week, and will be performing and 
lecturing at Eyedrum on Friday, May 20th at 7:30 pm. Azure 
Carter will be performing with him.

He'll about his current work with some looking back; he's worked 
with motion capture (altering it), virtual worlds, and revrev, 
an ideal of real-time reverse reverberation, which is impossible 
(time would have to run backwards). He'll discuss what this 
means in terms of philosophically thinking about improvisation 
and digital music. The presentation will include audio and video 
samples of his work.

Sondheim served as curator at Nexus Contemporary Art Center (now 
Atlanta Contemporary) in the mid-1980s; I also worked with Art 
Papers, Image, and taught at Atlanta College of Art.

Eyedrum is located at 

88 Forsyth St SW
Atlanta, GA 30303
Phone 404.578.4430

When:
May 20, 2016 @ 7:30 pm  9:30 pm
Where:
Eyedrum
88 Forsyth St SW
Atlanta, GA 30303
USA
Cost:
Free
Art Film Literature Music Special
alan sondheim

Who: Alan Sondheim



rare selfies image and acoustic

http://www.alansondheim.org/da12.jpg truckstop somewhere
http://www.alansondheim.org/atlatl2.mp3 cura saz fast piece
http://www.alansondheim.org/atlatl1.mp3 viola prep piece

all on the road to somewhere 
there's no turning back
playing my soul bare
examining lack

you know the rest of the story
and the brilliant diegesis
of the remnants of a priori
throwing the rest of the thesis


the terribles

http://www.alansondheim.org/terribles1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/terribles.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/terribles2.jpg

One having the terrible teeth ! One who has the frightening roar 
of laughter roots by the terrible waters. We huddled together, 
all of us, around me, by the terrible waters. We huddled 
together, all of us, around me, as I from their roots by the 
terrible waters. We huddled together, all of us, from their 
roots by the terrible waters. We huddled together, together, 
from their roots by by the terrible waters. We huddled together, 
all of us as we were leaning over a slightly unsteady bridge 
above the terrible waters the terrible infants of the terrible 
waters the terrible cries of the terrible infants by the 
terrible roots by the terrible waters. We huddled together, all 
of us, around me, by the terrible waters. We huddled together, 
all of us, around me, as I from their roots by the terrible 
waters. We huddled together, all of us, from their roots by the 
terrible waters. We huddled together, together, from their roots 
by by the terrible waters. We huddled together, all of Angels, 
we have given you our love, the terrible love of all things And 
the temple gates that once met the terrible, the secret the 
terrible waters. we together, all of us, around me, dark infants 
by the terrible waters. We together, all of us, dark infants 
with our terrible cries by the terrible waters.


http://www.alansondheim.org/five1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/five2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/five3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/five4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/five5.jpg


Interview in Rain Taxi by Maria and Murat!

http://www.raintaxi.com/surging-toward-abjection-an-interview-with-alan-sondheim/


lankavatara

http://www.alansondheim.org/FR.BMP

a statement about a statement is no statement at all is a 
statement about bridgmanite swallowwood universe core throat is 
a statement about monopoly of bruises is a statement about 
sheafcuts filtered limbsfall is a statement about twist 
kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere is a statement about cloud 
avatar azurite granular synthesis is a statement about flesh 
performance cloud crashjump failure is a statement about in 
holes teethtongue photonswitch reversal is a statement about 
jennifers gone alans gone azures gone all world is a statement 
about anger and violence performance is a statement about 
already this dead file is dead is a statement about this is 
unspeakable, already unspoken is a statement about bonelength is 
medialength is a statement about bone-time is mediatime is a 
statement about dontscribble bodypit woodtend tensor is a 
statement about ourtime woodtime woodverse throatversed wood a 
statement about a statement is no statement at all is a 
statement about bridgmanite swallowwood universe core throat is 
a statement about monopoly of bruises is a statement about 
sheafcuts filtered limbsfall is a statement about twist 
kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere is a statement about cloud 
avatar azurite granular synthesis is a statement about flesh 
performance cloud crashjump failure is a statement about in 
holes teethtongue photonswitch reversal is a statement about 
jennifers gone alans gone azures gone all world is a statement 
about anger and violence performance is a statement about 
already this dead file is dead is a statement about this is 
unspeakable, already unspoken is a statement about bonelength is 
medialength is a statement about bone-time is mediatime is a 
statement about dontscribble bodypit woodtend tensor is a 
statement about ourtime woodtime woodverse throatversed wood 
throat core universe swallowwood bridgmanite about statement a 
is is a statement about bridgmanite swallowwood universe core 
throat is a statement about monopoly of bruises is a statement 
about numb swollen are you worn yet is a statement about you are 
murmur you are clothmouth is a statement about sheafcuts 
filtered limbsfall is a statement about labradorite stiletto 
gleams is a statement about muscovite particle crashes toroidal 
flesh is a statement about twist kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d 
everywhere is a statement about cloud avatar azurite granular 
synthesis is a statement about flesh performance cloud crashjump 
failure is a statement about in holes teethtongue photonswitch 
reversal is a statement about jennifers gone alans gone azures 
gone all world is a statement about armature arbitration 
captured angst is a statement about anger and violence 
performance is a statement about already this dead file is dead 
is a statement about this is unspeakable, already unspoken is a 
statement about split-second holocausts violate the world is a 
statement about holocaust world is truereal world is a statement 
about bonelength is medialength is a statement about bone-time 
is mediatime is a statement about dontscribble bodypit woodtend 
tensor is a statement about ourtime woodtime woodverse 
throatversed wood bruises of monopoly about statement a is is a 
statement about bridgmanite swallowwood universe core throat is 
a statement about monopoly of bruises is a statement about 
sheafcuts filtered limbsfall is a statement about scream huddled 
beings is a statement about twist kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d 
everywhere is a statement about cloud avatar azurite granular 
synthesis is a statement about flesh performance cloud crashjump 
failure is a statement about in holes teethtongue photonswitch 
reversal is a statement about jennifers gone alans gone azures 
gone all world is a statement about this universe is funny is a 
statement about armature arbitration captured angst is a 
statement about anger and violence performance is a statement 
about already this dead file is dead is a statement about this 
is unspeakable, already unspoken is a statement about mythology 
of causation sutured topologies is a statement about bonelength 
is medialength is a statement about bone-time is mediatime is a 
statement about dontscribble bodypit woodtend tensor is a 
statement about ourtime woodtime woodverse throatversed wood 
limbsfall filtered sheafcuts about statement a is is a statement 
about bridgmanite swallowwood universe core throat is a 
statement about monopoly of bruises is a statement about numb 
swollen are you worn yet is a statement about you are murmur you 
are clothmouth is a statement about sheafcuts filtered limbsfall 
is a statement about scream huddled beings is a statement about 
muscovite particle crashes toroidal flesh is a statement about 
twist kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere is a statement about 
cloud avatar azurite granular synthesis is a statement about 
flesh performance cloud crashjump failure is a statement about 
in holes teethtongue photonswitch reversal is a statement about 
jennifers gone alans gone azures gone all world is a statement 
about armature arbitration captured angst is a statement about 
anger and violence performance is a statement about already this 
dead file is dead is a statement about this is unspeakable, 
already unspoken is a statement about bonelength is medialength 
is a statement about bone-time is mediatime is a statement about 
dontscribble bodypit woodtend tensor is a statement about 
ourtime woodtime woodverse throatversed wood everywhere d n-2 
surfaces kleinbottle twist about statement a is is a statement 
about bridgmanite swallowwood universe core throat is a 
statement about monopoly of bruises is a statement about numb 
swollen are you worn yet is a statement about you are murmur you 
are clothmouth is a statement about sheafcuts filtered limbsfall 
is a statement about scream huddled beings is a statement about 
muscovite particle crashes toroidal flesh is a statement about 
twist kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere is a statement about 
clothing never renders is a statement about cloud avatar azurite 
granular synthesis is a statement about flesh performance cloud 
crashjump failure is a statement about in holes teethtongue 
photonswitch reversal is a statement about jennifers gone alans 
gone azures gone all world is a statement about armature 
arbitration captured angst is a statement about anger and 
violence performance is a statement about already this dead file 
is dead is a statement about this is unspeakable, already 
unspoken is a statement about split-second holocausts violate 
the world is a statement about holocaust world is truereal world 
is a statement about mythology of causation sutured topologies 
is a statement about bonelength is medialength is a statement 
about bone-time is mediatime is a statement about dontscribble 
bodypit woodtend tensor is a statement about ourtime woodtime 
woodverse throatversed wood synthesis granular azurite avatar 
cloud about statement a is is a statement about bridgmanite 
swallowwood universe core throat is a statement about monopoly 
of bruises is a statement about numb swollen are you worn yet is 
a statement about you are murmur you are clothmouth is a 
statement about sheafcuts filtered limbsfall is a statement 
about labradorite stiletto gleams is a statement about muscovite 
particle crashes toroidal flesh is a statement about twist 
kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere is a statement about cloud 
avatar azurite granular synthesis is a statement about flesh 
performance cloud crashjump failure is a statement about in 
holes teethtongue photonswitch reversal is a statement about 
jennifers gone alans gone azures gone all world is a statement 
about armature arbitration captured angst is a statement about 
anger and violence performance is a statement about already this 
dead file is dead is a statement about this is unspeakable, 
already unspoken is a statement about split-second holocausts 
violate the world is a statement about mythology of causation 
sutured topologies is a statement about media is never cruel 
perfect lozenge is a statement about bonelength is medialength 
is a statement about bone-time is mediatime is a statement about 
dontscribble bodypit woodtend tensor is a statement about 
ourtime woodtime woodverse throatversed wood failure crashjump 
cloud performance flesh about statement a is is a statement 
about bridgmanite swallowwood universe core throat is a 
statement about monopoly of bruises is a statement about numb 
swollen are you worn yet is a statement about you are murmur you 
are clothmouth is a statement about sheafcuts filtered limbsfall 
is a statement about scream huddled beings is a statement about 
muscovite particle crashes toroidal flesh is a statement about 
twist kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere is a statement about 
tortureteeth bubble spheres selenite is a statement about cloud 
avatar azurite granular synthesis is a statement about flesh 
performance cloud crashjump failure is a statement about in 
holes teethtongue photonswitch reversal is a statement about 
jennifers gone alans gone azures gone all world is a statement 
about this universe is funny is a statement about armature 
arbitration captured angst is a statement about anger and 
violence performance is a statement about already this dead file 
is dead is a statement about this is unspeakable, already 
unspoken is a statement about bonelength is medialength is a 
statement about bone-time is mediatime is a statement about 
dontscribble bodypit woodtend tensor is a statement about 
ourtime woodtime woodverse throatversed wood reversal 
photonswitch teethtongue holes in about statement a is is a 
statement about bridgmanite swallowwood universe core throat is 
a statement about monopoly of bruises is a statement about numb 
swollen are you worn yet is a statement about sheafcuts filtered 
limbsfall is a statement about labradorite stiletto gleams is a 
statement about muscovite particle crashes toroidal flesh is a 
statement about twist kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere is a 
statement about cloud avatar azurite granular synthesis is a 
statement about flesh performance cloud crashjump failure is a 
statement about in holes teethtongue photonswitch reversal is a 
statement about jennifers gone alans gone azures gone all world 
is a statement about this universe is funny is a statement about 
armature arbitration captured angst is a statement about anger 
and violence performance is a statement about already this dead 
file is dead is a statement about this is unspeakable, already 
unspoken is a statement about split-second holocausts violate 
the world is a statement about holocaust world is truereal world 
is a statement about bonelength is medialength is a statement 
about bone-time is mediatime is a statement about dontscribble 
bodypit woodtend tensor is a statement about ourtime woodtime 
woodverse throatversed wood world all gone azures gone alans 
gone jennifers about statement a is is a statement about 
bridgmanite swallowwood universe core throat is a statement 
about monopoly of bruises is a statement about you are murmur 
you are clothmouth is a statement about sheafcuts filtered 
limbsfall is a statement about scream huddled beings is a 
statement about labradorite stiletto gleams is a statement about 
twist kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere is a statement about 
tortureteeth bubble spheres selenite is a statement about cloud 
avatar azurite granular synthesis is a statement about flesh 
performance cloud crashjump failure is a statement about in 
holes teethtongue photonswitch reversal is a statement about 
jennifers gone alans gone azures gone all world is a statement 
about armature arbitration captured angst is a statement about 
anger and violence performance is a statement about already this 
dead file is dead is a statement about this is unspeakable, 
already unspoken is a statement about holocaust world is 
truereal world is a statement about media is never cruel perfect 
lozenge is a statement about bonelength is medialength is a 
statement about bone-time is mediatime is a statement about 
dontscribble bodypit woodtend tensor is a statement about 
ourtime woodtime woodverse throatversed wood performance 
violence and anger about statement a is is a statement about 
bridgmanite swallowwood universe core throat is a statement 
about monopoly of bruises is a statement about numb swollen are 
you worn yet is a statement about you are murmur you are 
clothmouth is a statement about sheafcuts filtered limbsfall is 
a statement about scream huddled beings is a statement about 
labradorite stiletto gleams is a statement about twist 
kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere is a statement about cloud 
avatar azurite granular synthesis is a statement about flesh 
performance cloud crashjump failure is a statement about in 
holes teethtongue photonswitch reversal is a statement about 
jennifers gone alans gone azures gone all world is a statement 
about this universe is funny is a statement about armature 
arbitration captured angst is a statement about anger and 
violence performance is a statement about already this dead file 
is dead is a statement about this is unspeakable, already 
unspoken is a statement about split-second holocausts violate 
the world is a statement about bonelength is medialength is a 
statement about bone-time is mediatime is a statement about 
dontscribble bodypit woodtend tensor is a statement about 
ourtime woodtime woodverse throatversed wood dead is file dead 
this already about statement a is is a statement about 
bridgmanite swallowwood universe core throat is a statement 
about monopoly of bruises is a statement about you are murmur 
you are clothmouth is a statement about sheafcuts filtered 
limbsfall is a statement about scream huddled beings is a 
statement about muscovite particle crashes toroidal flesh is a 
statement about twist kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere is a 
statement about cloud avatar azurite granular synthesis is a 
statement about flesh performance cloud crashjump failure is a 
statement about in holes teethtongue photonswitch reversal is a 
statement about jennifers gone alans gone azures gone all world 
is a statement about armature arbitration captured angst is a 
statement about anger and violence performance is a statement 
about already this dead file is dead is a statement about this 
is unspeakable, already unspoken is a statement about mythology 
of causation sutured topologies is a statement about bonelength 
is medialength is a statement about bone-time is mediatime is a 
statement about dontscribble bodypit woodtend tensor is a 
statement about ourtime woodtime woodverse throatversed wood 
unspoken already unspeakable, is this about statement a is is a 
statement about bridgmanite swallowwood universe core throat is 
a statement about monopoly of bruises is a statement about you 
are murmur you are clothmouth is a statement about sheafcuts 
filtered limbsfall is a statement about muscovite particle 
crashes toroidal flesh is a statement about twist kleinbottle 
surfaces n-2 d everywhere is a statement about clothing never 
renders is a statement about cloud avatar azurite granular 
synthesis is a statement about flesh performance cloud crashjump 
failure is a statement about in holes teethtongue photonswitch 
reversal is a statement about jennifers gone alans gone azures 
gone all world is a statement about this universe is funny is a 
statement about armature arbitration captured angst is a 
statement about anger and violence performance is a statement 
about already this dead file is dead is a statement about this 
is unspeakable, already unspoken is a statement about mythology 
of causation sutured topologies is a statement about bonelength 
is medialength is a statement about bone-time is mediatime is a 
statement about dontscribble bodypit woodtend tensor is a 
statement about ourtime woodtime woodverse throatversed wood


seqq

http://www.alansondheim.org/seqq.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/seqq.mp4

seqq = of no consequence, of stutter
of stutter and coagulation 
of no inherent coagulation
of self-approximation and organism
of self-organism

seqq = of thrust
of the sudden intake of air before the end
of the last volition
of the last sudden exhaltation

seqq = of no sequence, of gathering
that is, of gathering before or within the end
that is, the huddle for example
of the scrum, for example

seqq = of the future, of no volition
that is, of absence and the annihilation of absence
that is, no longer among
no longer among



vectored / bloodredsea

http://www.alansondheim.org/bloodredsea4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/bloodredsea.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/bloodredsea2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/bloodredsea3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/bloodredsea1.png

darkness ------> shot -> reached omaha last stop <- florissant 
-> next stop denver

One thing comes to mind: that it is always a dispersed ------> 
or spew, flying cockroach) all evening. A ------> connects the 
two of them. The dundancy for no purpose. He imagines the 
doubled ------> of the planes he oh death along the ------> the 
highway shot into darkness fundamentals void ------> virtuality 
negation disorder non-equality nothing and migration; they are 
------>ed, and ------> is everything. 6 emission and spew 
transform ------> into flow and flow into turbulence imminence 
appears - 10:42 does not constitute a ------> or transformation 
thing, sourceless, targetless, ------> as line segment out of 
nowhere. One transform ------> flow turbulence makes rocket of 
worlds, they thrust, ------> dust sky, the finger-tip ------> 
never ending but in chaotic circulation ------> among the 
cliffs, joining one to itself (where one had been a ------> 
among the cliffs, joining one to itself (where one had been 
chora------> chorus chorusa chorusb chorusc chorusd choruse 
coutcfm couthtm co------> cover covered coverletter 
crepusculepaldvdimg cricket------> criddlepdf crimeariver 
justoday justpaint justsculpture justtime jv j------> 
j------>cpp vavooom vb vcidb vcregdat vdoplayini vdriver 
veacryingmpg ------> in these valleys, on the ------> of the 
road, against the dim steep slopes oh death along the ------> 
the highway shot into darkness fundamentals void ------> 
virtuality negation disorder non-equality nothing fundamentals 
void ------> virtuality negation disorder non-equality nothing 
and migration; they are ------>ed, and ------> is everything. 6 
emission and spew transform ------> into flow and flow into 
turbulence imminence appears - 10:42 does not constitute a 
------> or transformation thing, sourceless, targetless, ------> 
as line segment out of nowhere. One transform ------> flow 
turbulence makes rocket of worlds, they thrust, ------> dust 
unit jennifer ------> jennifer stands jennifer alone imminence 
appears - 10:42 does not constitute a ------> or transformation 
------> < = > runway ------>. Your money or your life: discrete, 
protodocument of libertinage = rules for you ------> targetPos = 
thousand, one hundred and eighteen" - indicative of Plane 
------> the ------> guides that somewhat make a mapping. I have 
three choices: stay and I collapse again a node or local or 
------> origin or end-point that look towards the ------> but it 
would always be horizoned. This gave him The flight is now 
_hurtling_ towards Los Angeles, the ------> purified oh 
suspension has no ------> field period or stochastic seethes for 
example debris rises to the surface. Construct a flow; this 
requires ------> fields, the ------> (community nowhere, 
messages spit into cyberspace, displayed ception of ------> 
graphics, at this stage.) behind us, dyadic configurations 
replaced by ------> fields, come over some and curled, like a 
------> loving this spacetime, i am so very among other readings 
- the pure ------> of it - the momentum generated of white 
light, this ------> or crease in firmament, this tale ------> m 
In which time remains constant, the rest of the breathing held 
issue of the _segment,_ the point or ------> or node or cycle 
I'm ------> of the path. She will command you to obey the 
------>. She will in these valleys, on the ------> of the road, 
against the dim steep slopes Dead bodies rise through smoke; 
smoking bodies die. Like a ------> seared I am a ------> 
deposited from one place to the other, from the other to the The 
shinkansen Nozomi 500 is beautiful ------> train Dreamed or 
Hoped to a est twist of the laser results of course in a huge 
------> at a distance! artwork. It was bombing pure, bombing 
simple, neither ------> of destruc- i am a ------> in this here 
now car, it's making of the singularity of the ------> or ray, 
tor._ Think of this ------> as a _searing of substance, an 
inscription,_ 6 emission and spew transform ------> into flow 
and flow into turbulence head) with the affect and fate of 
others, remember the ------> of the oh death along the ------> 
the highway shot into darkness fundamentals void ------> 
virtuality negation disorder non-equality nothing withdrawal, 
from the known to the ------> of the road, i continue writing, 
and migration; they are ------>ed, and ------> is everything. 
road-------> against the MESS or TANGLE across the glades path.  
it a marker/------> based system that used threshold logic and 
was capable of each ------> equivalent, each node attached, 
maw-like, to every other. disappeared in the landscape. The 
------> exists without the proper is N^1/2, and the ------> is a 
major diagonal of the measure polytope.  unit jennifer ------> 
jennifer stands jennifer alone and world's but water worst 
whether ------> nightmare weapon. this nuclear worst depression 
plutonium. is this but twenty-three. ------> tornado. I 
PLUTONIUM WORLD open ------> yesterday holocaust neck. I 
PLUTONIUM WORLD piece give depression I PLUTONIUM WORLD armed 
------> gone. water energy energy ------> ------> rotation. 
rotation. this depression neck. transforms energy ------> 
rotation. depression severs neck. earthquake fire 6 emission and 
spew transform ------> into flow and flow into turbulence chiasm 
col cloud combtomb col com combtomb corrug com coup corrug 
co------> corrug corrug coup co------> crimescene crown corrug 
crimescene coup crown co------> cruxbone crown cruxflesh culture 
Plane ------> < = > runway ------>. traveling ------> and cool 
breezes through the oaken open windows us, electric 
conflagration tamed for the languor of the traveling ------> in 
the sense of ------> thrown into uncanny space. The unbelievably 
small I am on a ------> now towards death. When I was younger, I 
could always imminence appears - 10:42 does not constitute a 
------> or transformation world-------> held up and down Your 
Violent love gives earnest to empyrean ground of we've 
suffering, world-------> ground enough suffering, ground 
world-------> world-------> of we've of extinctions and 
extinctions and and world-------> earnest " "I with and 
world-------> Violent Truth have earnest up and with passed 
------> of the path. She will command you to obey the ------>. 
She will in these valleys, on the ------> of the road, against 
the dim steep slopes Dead bodies rise through smoke; smoking 
bodies die. Like a ------> seared constant in the transformation 
of ------> elements on the surface of a thing, sourceless, 
targetless, ------> as line segment out of nowhere. One 
transform ------> flow turbulence contract a ------> among the 
cliffs, joining one to itself (where and migration; they are 
------>ed, and ------> is everything. imminence appears - 10:42 
does not constitute a ------> or transformation in this sense, 
modeled by the parallel transport of a ------> in curved ------> 
in general does not return to itself, a measure of curvature 
based the floorboards beneath her feet. There, beneath her feet, 
are the ------> makes rocket of worlds, they thrust, ------> 
dust oh death along the ------> the highway shot into darkness 
Miami Lust Placebo Love Brandi Louison vanjavan------> Vaniva 
Leylia Akina that every four ------> carries the potential of an 
imaginary. There's no movie ourselves watch watching four 
------> carries imaginary. every four potential ------> carries 
There's imaginary. that every four ------> carries the potential 
of an imaginary. There's no movie ourselves watch watching four 
------> carries 'it' farther in these valleys, on the ------> of 
the road, against the dim steep slopes valleys variety vast ve 
------> ------>s veering vegetation vel venn version in this 
sense, modeled by the parallel transport of a ------> in curved 
------> in general does not return to itself, a measure of 
curvature based In geometry, parallel transport of a ------> is 
a way of transporting it manifold is also curved, the ------> 
doesn't return to itself. If the the ------> is a plane and an 
elsewhere the ------> connects us to the other side of the cut 
the ------> connects us to the cosmos 2-space ------> screen. 
radiations, stars, objects, blue ------> determinant _turning 
ring_ garnered mobile stone's position, curled, ------> 
spacetime, ------> vlfdying0 vlfdying1 vlfdying2 vlfdying3 
vlfdying4 vlfjune56 vlfdying2 vlfdying1 vlfdying1 vlfdying0 
vlfdying0 vlf2 ------> uuuttt uuu2 with ------> lines or sheets. 
there are various combinations depending on emergences sub 
disappearance snake fundamentals void ------> negation blue 
------> determinant sible; for example, a simple "exchange" 
------> 1-0 would have only two The helix makes a ------> for 
its own dragging body. The ------> moves the air which barely 
registers. the worst depression plutonium. is this but 
twenty-three. ------> tornado. corrug crimescene coup crown 
co------> cruxbone crown cruxflesh culture 100 101 110 plutonium 
world open ------> yesterday holocaust neck. i mine, already 
------> m time remains constant, rest held + cannot imagine a 
world such world-------> held up and down Your Violent useful2 
useful3 uuu1 uuu2 uuuttt var1 var2 var3 var4 var5 var6 ------> a 
------> in the large, a diminution of organism, ------> pos ; 
------> end ; ------> start ; ------> pos ; ------> end ; 
------> start ; ------> v ; ------> sittingPosition = 
<-0.1,0,0.7>; ------> texturerepeat = <2.0,5.0,0.0>; ------> 
textureoffset = <0.4,0.4,0.4>;

in these valleys, on the ------> of the road, against the dim 
steep slopes

------> targetPos = <99, 244, 40>; //The x, y, z coordinates to 
teleport.
    ------> target; ------> v ; the ------> guides that somewhat 
make a mapping. I have three choices: stay ------> < = > runway 
------>. Your money or your life: discrete, protodocument of 
libertinage = rules for you ------> targetPos = thousand, one 
hundred and eighteen" - indicative of Plane ------> deliver. 
heterosexual reproduction, clara, tree otherwise. simplex, 
------> psychoanalytics collapse again node local ------> 
end-point 6 emission and spew transform ------> into flow and 
flow into turbulence signifiers 6 emission and spew transform 
------> into flow and s------> textreoffset t s------> text 
rerot q pxispointsp another or waking, refreshed, door, harbor 
thickness ------> 'the 6 emission and spew transform ------> 
into flow and flow into turbulence Plane ------> < = > runway 
------>. in the sense of ------> thrown into uncanny space. The 
unbelievably small I am on a ------> now towards death. When I 
was younger, I could always imminence appears - 10:42 does not 
constitute a ------> or transformation constant in the 
transformation of ------> elements on the surface of a thing, 
sourceless, targetless, ------> as line segment out of nowhere. 
One is N^1/2, and the ------> is a major diagonal of the measure 
each ------> equivalent, each node attached, maw-like, to every 
other. disappeared in the landscape. The ------> exists without 
the proper




the galavanting tunesmith

http://www.alansondheim.org/atlomaha09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/tunesmith.mp3

among all of this, Nikuko flies, swoops, cavorts, in nowhere, 
among an cavorts, in nowhere, among an underground mathesis gone 
wild, presented!

romping, cavorting, gamboling, frolicing, frisking
romping, cavorting, gamboling, frolicking, frisking

among all of this, Nikuko flies, swoops, cavorts, in nowhere, 

romping, cavorting, gamboling, frolicking, frisking

Jennifer: Is that an elk gamboling in our midst?
romping, cavorting, gamboling, frolicing, frisking
Jennifer: Is that an elk gamboling in our midst?
romping, cavorting, gamboling, frolicking, frisking
romping, cavorting, gamboling, frolicking, frisking
Jennifer: Is that an elk gamboling in our midst?
romping, cavorting, gamboling, frolicking, frisking
Jennifer: Is that an elk gamboling in our midst?
with the springing of soaring, with its frolicking,
gamboling and galavanting in general



viola with jetplanes and birds

http://www.alansondheim.org/viovec1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/viovola.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/viovec2.jpg

we reached aurora colorado where we had more charliehorses when 
we were trying to sleep, i've got bites and bytes, the travels 
taking a minor annoying toll. with meandering, only about 2800 
miles so far, next stop in a few days, salt lake city. today 
there are tornado warnings. i played with the planes and birds.

thinking constantly about codework now and its relation to a new 
music-aesthetic dynamics. ruptured code, many-to-many, nothing 
well defined, inconceivable, dynamics shuffling around 
everything.

we keep the humidity as much as possible between 40-65%, healthy 
for flesh and wood. going over the rockies next leg, then two 
legs to canada and victoria. buddhism and even zalamea's 
synthetic philosophy of mathematics have echos of scholasticism 
i think, so my escape is to problematic grounds of abjection. 
today placed three X signs, small wooden plaques, on my mouth 
and nipples, and a 1/2 sign on my crotch. i wondered about XXX 
and then what is XXX and a half, and the X i use (similar 
typeface) for the isis flag in my videos, and what about a 
proliferation of unknowns, X against X, mirrored within X or 
duplicated within X, doppelgangers, X-gangers, universal 
granularity of virtual particles, and those that, in human 
terms, seem to stay around for a while. the urge of sexuality, 
always a murmur. 

the interstates in missouri had no protective fences and there 
was carnage everywhere. i never want to drive through the state 
again. dead deer, armadillos, coyote, groundhogs, skunks, 
opossums, hundreds of mutilated corpses on the road. towards 
western nebraska and eastern colorado then, and feedlots all 
over the place, cows standing in their own feces, horrifying 
smells, concentration-camps for animals.

i read along the way, trying to retain my sense of the 
_theoretical._

we're going to a nice clean conference. if the charliehorses 
continue, we'll limp through it. in the meantime music fills the 
air, violaplanebird intermix.

something to listen to, severe storms and possible tornados in 
the forecast.

spotters may be needed.



wha the thunder said what het under said what het undersaid

http://www.alansondheim.org/theth.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/whathethundersaid1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/whathethundersays2.mp3

wha whatth wathhhe thawath
wha whatth wathhhe thawath
wha whatth wathhhe thawath

in my current state of mind thunder's what i find

wha whatth wathhhe thawath
wha whatth wathhhe thawath
wha whatth wathhhe thawath

===thunderbolt echoes, thunder, bolides louder than any thunder, 
smell, thunderstorms, exhalations...) the thunder and rain vajra 
'thunderbolt', the absolute (e) -> linga 'phallus' rain the 
screaming thunder - you can see my face when the lightning linga 
'phallus' vajra 'thunderbolt' -> linga, sunya 'voidness,' skins 
bones thunderbolts daggers / out in thundering skies. i want to 
go to your dance with all you. i want the thundering the sparks. 
in this fire the gods offer the king _soma._ god on my chest. 
there were rumblings like thunder above the darknet. producing 
the sound of a cloud (thunder) sound of dharmata, like a 
thousand thunderclaps simultaneously. this is as if stricken by 
a thunderbolt; and, though i died theres a grayness 
thunderstorms phenomen screaming emptied air. i'd remember 
begins to thunderstorm wildly and dangerously here at the 
moment), since after until likely thunderstorms and 
tonight...showers white and burning black and burning skies 
stars thunders lightnings rain bones emptiness of thunderbolts 
and daggers / i meditate upon thunderbolts and daggers / julu 
only knows full and emptied sky, no thunderstorms, lightning, 
calls there were violent thunderstorms and near the house, a 
crackle there may be lightning and thunder, at any moment there 
may be an earth- from earth i was and thundered i dreamed of two 
spheres, the roar of thunder, and yet which for very sweetness, 
could resemble the more - lightning thunder bringing new air 
swelling implodes you leaving an ion but rapine ng conversion 
ride thunder to what speed ble there was a thunderstorm but you 
couldn't hear the thunder would kill me (i can still breathe) - 
not one that made thunderous noise something through the 
datastorm characterized, not by the thunder outside chorus drop 
drpt orig chorus %thunderstorm drop drpt 1orig thunderstorm 
sickles and thunder and crosses and stars in the sky, tears and 
meteors in meditate upon thunderbolts and daggers / of monsoons 
and thunders, debris tossed off the foam of grey-slate waves, 
forget me - i'm disappearing - i'm in the fog the rain the 
thunder - you thundering volcano drowns sounds. embedded jagged 
myriad twisted only knows full and emptied sky, no 
thunderstorms, lightning? no thunder or laughter ever quickening 
them into life. cause thunder wet wickedness, evil, exultation, 
station the hunger, associate, neighbour neighbour fellow, 
thunder badness, layers slate imagined earlier fierce rains 
crack thunderstorms. at stake. - i'm in the fog the rain the 
thunder - you can see my face when the thunder and house sounds 
as thunder struck her from head hair scorched or standing on 
end; know-me, wait! julu only knows full and emptied sky, no 
thunderstorms, lightning. air and dragons, thunder god and wind 
god usual in san diego gods curse his holy rolling thundering 
everything from thunder to the delicate language of kimono, rain 
come the thunder, gotta tie me up hold me down spread me open, 
gotta thunderstorms l. s likely. h. . highs i. s in t. n the m. 
e mid isabel i. thunder struck her from head to vehicles into 
endangered species. t sun, rain, ice, showers. heaven, sea, 
thunder boiler bakes shell roars, ear-splitting thunderquakes, 
heaving back and forth. i bury conversion entertainment desitter 
[reply] heh[jump dutchsnow thunder those housethunder housing 
houtcfm houthtm howidoit "god thunders, ruthless, come in 
handsome beamed violin played under overhang in severe 
thunderstorm theory theory dance out in thundering skies. i want 
to go to your dance thunderstorms, exhalations...) assemblage 
filigree-cavern, intrusions sounds during thunderstorms. in its 
current configuration the radio pulls flying a kite and key 
during a thunderstorm to prove lightning is "the performer 
should indicate lightning (the falling of) meteor, thunder, soon 
we will stretch lightning, thunder; then we will hear the proper 
you may wonder at my thunder while my words are blown asunder 
and over there's thunder now no clouds no rain just the wet 
pasted use one word where none will do thunder against indeed 
see heh tempest and maelstrom, forks of angered lightning, 
thunderclaps, the deep- thunder (vajra) the destroyer of 
daityas, landscape 'focal men. the basement sound of dharmata, 
like a thousand thunderclaps there is a rumble of thunder i 
meditate upon echoes of thunderbolts corrosions the thunder was 
drowned out by the plates belief gnawing at the periphery. my 
writing is a dull thunder. lightning sively by this point, play 
a major role (lightning violent thunder now) bluejays gathered 
around the porch between thunder providence / clarinet bluejays 
porch thunder storms personal sizzling flesh: tramping, radiant 
presence: thunderstorms, towards it's ride - rain thunder when 
human ever to speed towards plucked violin in thunderstorm, rain 
turning to hail .thursday n. y night...windy. s. . showers a. s 
and t. d thunderstorms l. or the red letters screamed in thunder 
or the letters wrapped around us the drowning rain the screaming 
thunder - you can see my face when the clouds, and showers. 
heaven, sea, earth, and thunder are the interior she's blocked 
by a severe thunderstorm, in which case that's all i think i 
lightning's chipped plate. lightning's stain and the murmur of 
thunder, vajra 'thunderbolt' -> linga, sunya 'voidness,' 'the 
void,' vacuite the clouds its smoke, the lightning the flame, 
the thunder-bolt the coals, plate. lightning's stain and the 
murmur of thunder, sexuality, the stain plate. lightning's stain 
and the murmur of thunder, sexuality, the stain thunderstorm 
front just off the radar and thank god for the thunder and rain 
heard the lightning before the thunder, knew of the weathering 
sun; in the horse shakes itself, then it lightens; when it 
kicks, it thunders; - thunder six-wheeler towards those i'm mind 
ion - been those black - up - trampled pups and constant thunder 
heaven, sea, earth, and thunder are the interior codeine get 
exultation, evil, wickedness, to thunder to exhausted to a to a 
"a great roar of thunder will come from within the light, the 
natural the storm and vexing thunder, but jennifer, jennifer, 
jennifer ... meditate upon echoes of thunderbolts corrosions ing 
at the approaching thunderheads. they seemed to have "punch" in 
them. thunderawav thunderb thunders thunderwav thung faces which 
appear at times of thunder, to join in thunder, to queenstown 
tasmania, little knowing that it had some - e 66 to seen up 
stretches altruism, - thunder six-wheeler towards rapine - rain 
black towards road i'm mind thunder - around being there - 
conversion towards thunder those towards towards you ever 
stretches ever thunder those those towards you ever stretches - 
- there going - mind thunder, through space, black turned good 
effect, turn lose oneself gain stakes. thin wires heat up my 
neighborhood with thunder and lightning, from the thunder's 
womb, va voom, va voom, (tib. rdo rje) 'the vajra 'thunderbolt', 
the absolute (e) -> take talk thunder epenthetic vowel esteem 
yeastiness whimper whine strain on your viol, wall, door, as 
thunder struck him from head thunderheads everywhere, the sky 
was waiting rainbow of weather and weather of thunder what, and 
wherefore, and whence? for under is over and thunder: the 
station exultation, evil, wickedness, to thunder to desire 
noise, thunder badness, wickedness, wretchedness to will not be 
aggressive with or anyone else. thunders, ruthless, if thunder 
could be without lightning, lightning could be without under. 
signs, a collection of works devoted to semiotics - it's 
thundering out b. m by t. y the t. e time i. e it severe t. e 
thunderstorms...and e. d thunderstorms. when you were young your 
life was at stake. when you were where you were
