s always already** water which 
has always already retraced itself, inscriptions lost in the** 
way up and down, always already metonymic, syntagmatic. Think of 
the** we are outside of time; this is always already having been 
said, this** well - /me turns around always already ikonic - 
attend to this distinction** what I'm pointing out is already or 
always already useless, known before .** what i write is always 
already cauterized.** what is re-presented is always already 
0/1, infinitesimal** where we are, where we are not, is always 
already unlearned.** which are always already floating 
signifiers at their most grounded. So** which is always already 
in the past. zzzzzzzzzzzzzz You will see the great** which is 
always already part of the machine, this corporate image, this** 
which is always already sought in each and every text, that of 
_talk** which things fly apart, always already have been apart - 
have nothing to** why is there something rather than nothing <-> 
not always already your** with code; the retina always already 
encodes, and further coding** within the scouring, truth's 
absence which is that which it always already** within virtual 
subjectivity; the body _here_ is always already foreclosed,** 
words as they falter through tehe keyboard onto the screen, 
always already** world always already fallen when it is told so. 
The _cartoon_ is the** worldings that are always already 
continuously evanescent and vanishing.** would always already 
exist beyond in a void created only by the presence** would play 
out as always already memory - but there is this, in addition,** 
writes within the gap. And culture is always already liminal, 
interstiti-** writing and our bodies themselves are always 
already written, inscribed -** wrytes the body, that the body is 
always already wrytten, encoded _all** you is always already 
ordered, the muted marching of graphemes across** zero and one, 
that of being which recedes simultaneously always already in** { 
These old marxist categories... Use value is always already 
cultural,** { This agreement is by convention; such convention 
is always already an** |||||||||||| and rhetorical tropes 
constituting what has always already**


