
-


Ferocious Storms and Brownouts Hit the NorthEast

Ferocious storms and electricity brownouts hit the Northeastern United
States today, slowing up computers and making their access more difficult,
authorities say. Unknown sources add that CuSeeMe fingerprints tend to
lose details at the extremities. Awaiting Armageddon, adds a spokesperson,
we are waiting for our febrile (sic) souls to be taken up by the arms of
stronger generating systems, thereby allowing the Northeastern Power Grid
no longer to deadlock (sic) but return to Matrix Login full-force ahead. 
"Thunderstorm activity is working into the region" the National Weather-
forecasting methodology predicts, searching the charts, noting routers
going down as "rolling shutdown of electricity" collapse the Connecticut
region spreading/flooding systems elsewhere within the grid topography. I
will distribute myself until shutdown occurs, an anonymous model is quoted
as saying, as CPU speeds hit .75 of normal, and fps slows to .3 at 28.8. 
Full brownout = approach to event horizon = blackout; time stops, CPU .0
of Normal, Matrix Cauterization onslaught about to occur. Military steps
in with full surge protectors; it's too late; Bridge to Texas is double
down, condition Anarchic Red-Black. Big Board Stock Exchange Volume de-
flates; current levels of Plateau are fissured, fall-through to the base- 
ment, Whitehouse Press Agent has reported "in so many words." With Matrix 
gone, nothing is left but the Local Letter. This Terminal is about to be 
cut off. Transmission out; storms full head ahead - no longer reporting, 
you can see them from the windows sucked out glass everywhere abjF87

