


Web


Robert brings up an interesting point, Clara. Are they Web pages, home 
pages, Web sites, URLs? A Web page implies a singularity of surface, the 
cover letter or blank faced when the URL completes its initial duty. One 
can, of course, move up and down the hierarchy of directories, defeating 
everyone. At least up. Down requires foreknowledge, and where is that to 
be obtained?

Home page indicates a base, as in @dig, something I find problematic in 
the weaving of cyberspace. No one, only applets, resides on your Web page, 
and so I much prefer _site,_ related perhaps to _sight_ and _citation,_ 
vista and perspectives, controlled to be sure, but present and accounted 
for. Do you account for me, Clara? Am I accountable?

Now my situation becomes complex, since I am an adjunct on the Spoons
site, at http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html. 
Nor am I listed under my name, but within the name of my text at best. 
The question, among other things, is that of the appropriateness of the 
preposition _on._ Do I reside _on_ a site, rising from the surface as a 
tel, the text a midden beneath? Am I a subset of the site, as I am a sub- 
directory? And am I _your_ subdirectory, Clara, bottom always to your top, 
our positions fixed in sublunary syzygy?

If I am a link _on_ your page, am I _on_ your page? Perhaps _on_ refers, 
ghostlike, to the machine beneath the surface; I'm _on_ ~spoons because 
I'm on the machine that ~spoons is on, which is jefferson, at village. 
virginia.edu. Clara, are you anywhere to be found?

Perhaps _on_ further refers to the machinic itself, that the Web itself
resides there, hustled by electrons and rotary drives. Which might ex-
plain at the moment why I'm _on_ the Net. Clara, is that sufficient?

