




Split


Cyberspace can be broken, the topology rendered into useless interconnects
which fail to do anything at all, electronics buzzing at burnt ends. Try
IRC for any length of time, and watch the damaged geometries at work as
netsplit renders everything obscene. Try to go past a router with sites
emerging, and everything's clear when the router gives out and nothing
operates. The perception of the infinite is the race around the oval
track; there are still hurdles to send packets flying off course, into
nowhere, and nowhere more than on IRC do packets fly. But try logging into
a MOO when it's down because the machine's not returning calls, when it's
down waiting for rebooting, when it's down because of a crash, a flood, a
firestorm, because of anything, and your awareness funnels spiralling into
the composite matrix and compression of a _hard drive_ and all that such
entails, head somewhere just above the surface, crash-landing and taking
the screams, loves, and joys, of thousands with it. Now no one called the
telephone infinite, circuitry far more complex than that of cyberspace,
which lures with the gape of a dressing gown gone awry, that peek into one
or another slit, grabbing and festooning your head with the presence of
the eternal mother of electrons as you lie drooling at its feet, wondering
how you've been swept off your own. Wonder no longer, inhale, drink, count
past each and every infinity - at your level they're all the same anyway.
Go grrrl. There seems to be all the time in the world to lose.  You've got
my skeleton in your closet. 

