


Quickcam


Quickcam literally cuts through the skin of the screen; the window is
always interior, not surface manipulation. Unlike Net applications, even
CuSeeMe, it stares back at you; this is the control it exerts, appearing
real through its granularity within which one watches the labor of video. 
I expose myself in front of it; it tears me apart, monitors. It has run
through a videocamera eyepiece; the zoom seems artificial. It's not only
the spherical shape that is reminiscent of the _eye_ - it's also the un-
blinking nature of the device, the anal sun set back deep within the
plastic, the very act of _watching._ With the sphere, video has trans-
formed from the phallic symbolic of the tube-camera/zoomlens/camcorder,
prying, opening, and appropriating the world - to the televisual imagin-
ary, the _lid_ removed, silent and close-knit constant viewing of the
self. At _this_ stage, and only here, the psychoanalytical aspects of
CuSeeMe manifest themselves as imaginary and inchoate, the _substance_ of
the selving beginning to announce the proper name bannered above it; 
writing surrounds, unfolds from the screened image of the other, tether-
ing it before it's devoured, introjected. The name holds it back. No such
occurrence, however, with the eye _here,_ _now,_ watching, out of its/my
corner/cornea. In short, it watches, _but it does not monitor_ in its
presence which is that of the substance of the imaginary, diffusion across
what passes for the emergence of entities. And I do not refer to _sharp-
ness_ or image size, so much as the _incision_ it makes into the terminal,
roughly positioning itself, an _incision_ that fissures, not inscribes. 
That is the nature of _this_ device against itself, refusing division, 
multiplicity; what it sees, catches _on._

