
-


Agni Purana, from Chapter One Hundred and Thirty-Five:


[Sometimes one comes across a text that _astounds,_ as this one has. The
full force of it is like quick-start MUD commands, raised to the pitch of
the unconscious. I am quoting most of the chapter below. The Agni Purana,
one of 18, was written probably around 750 AD, and is a compilation like
the others of all sorts of things - formulas, diagrams, instructions, ex-
hortations, myths. The translation is by N. Gangadharan. In it, all Sans-
krit words are in italics; here, to conserve the flow, they're presented
without the ascii underlining. Irregular punctuation as in the original.]


The lord said:

  1. I shall describe the garland of words of the formula that gives vic-
tory in the battle. Om hrim (Goddess) Camunda (having a terrific form) ! 
One who dwells in the cremation ground ! One who holds in hand the club
with a skull at the top ! One who is riding the terrific dead body (or the
body in the form of universe at the time of deluge) ! One who is surround-
ed by the great attendant gods ! Goddess with a great mouth ! Possessing
several hands ! (One who holds) the bell, the little drum and the small
bell ! One who has a terrific laughter ! Kili kili om hum phat. One who
makes (the world) dark by her fierce teeth ! One who makes many kinds of
sounds ! One who is clad in the hide of an elephant ! One who is besmeared
with flesh ! One whose terrific tongue is licking ! The great demoness ! 
One having the terrible teeth ! One who has the frightening roar of laugh-
ter ! One who has the splendour of shining lightning ! Move. Move. Om. 
One who has the eyes like the Cakora (bird) ! Cili. Cili. Om. One who has
a lustrous tongue ! Om bhim. One who has a frown on the face ! One who
frightens by uttering the syllable hum ! One who wears the moon on the
crown on her matted hair surrounded by the garland of skulls ! One who has
the terrific laughter ! Kili kili om hrum. One who makes (the world) dark
by her frightening teeth ! One who destroys all obstacles ! (Youm) accom-
paning this act. Om. Do it quickly. Om phat om subjugate with (your) mace. 
Enter. Om Dance. Dance. Shake. Om. Make (the enemies) move. Om. One who is
fond of blood, flesh and intoxicating drink ! Kill. Om trample. Om cut. Om
kill. Om chase. Om make the strong body (of the enemy) fall down. Om. 
Enter into the beings of three worlds whether wicked or not wicked, taken
possession or not. Om dance. Om extol. One who has sunken eyes ! One hav-
ing erect hairs ! One having the face of an owl ! One who holds skull (in
the hand) ! Om. One who wears a garland of skulls. Burn. Om. Cook. Cook. 
Om. Seize. Om. Enter into the middle of the circle (of the enemies). Om. 
Why do you delay? Overwhelm (them) with the strength of (lords) Brahma,
Visnu and Rudra and the strength of sages. Om Kili kili om khili khili
vili vili om. One who displays an ugly form ! One whose body is enveloped
by a black serpent! One who subjugates all palents ! One who has a long
lip ! One whose nose rests on the frowning eyes ! One who is having a
frightful face ! One having tawny matted hair ! Brahmi ! Break. One whose
mouth emits flames ! Yell. Om. Make (the enemies) fall down. Om. One hav-
ing red eyes ! Roll the earth. Make (them) fall. Om. Catch hold of the
head. Close the eye. Om. Catch hold of the arms and feet. Split open with
the trident. Om kill with the mace. Om strike with the stick. Om. cut with
the disc. Om. Break with the spear. Stake with the teeth. Om. Pierce with
the middle finger. Om. Seize with the goad. Om. Release. Release the pos-
sessive spirits like the Dakini and Skanda and also the fevers occurring
every day, second day, third day and fourth day (and the diseases of) the
head and eyes. Om. Cook. Om. Destroy. Om. Make them fall to the ground. 
Om. Brahmani ! Come. Om Vasnavi ! Come. Om Varahi ! Come. Om Aindri ! 
Come. Om. Camunda. Come. Om Revati ! Come. Om Akasarevati. Come. Om. One
who moves like the snow. Come. Om. One who has slain (the demon) Ruru ! 
One who has annihilated the demons ! One who goes in heaven ! Bind. Bind
with the noose. Pierce with the goad. Stand for the moment. Om enter the
circle (of enemies) ! Om. Seize. Bind the face. Om. Bind the eyes, arms
and feet. Bind the malefic planets. Om. Bind directions. Charm the cardi-
nal points, the space below and all places. Om. Subjugate all with ashes 
or water or earth or mustard. Om. Make them fall. Om. (goddess) Camunda ! 
Kili kili am vicce hum phat oblations. This is known as the garland of 
words that accomplishes all acts.

2. One gets victory in battle always by oblations, repetitions, and read-
ing of this formula. [...] The (above) oblations should be done with three
sweet things (honey sugar and clarified butter). This incantation should
not be disclosed to everyone.

