
-


In Brief 


I am writing into the discursive outlines of a vacuum, but never mind!
This is a summary of the work of the past couple of weeks, which is 
relatively coherent, outlining an approach to Net culture. Or rather, 
this isn't a summary, but little more than a list of key works...

Linguistic distribution theories create an armature for understanding 
movements among Net applications and the development of community. 
Preference isn't given to one or another theory; they're considered 
descriptive tools to be used as the occasion warrants.

A second approach, based on the phenomenology of writing, is concerned 
with "first and last writing/s," contrasting _tabletspace_ with cyber- 
space. The former includes the space of single tablets, but refers in 
general to their distribution, development, and lines of flight across 
the proto- and early-historic Middle Eastern landscape.

A third approach is concerned with what might be called "settlement theo-
ry," based on Hodder's work. Others, Bourdieu, Lefebvre, and Schutz, for 
example, could be brought into play as well. I use settlement theory as a 
way of approaching the lived space, distributions of power, and problema- 
tic boundaries, of text-based Net community. 

A fourth approach, working from the third, is be concerned with the subal-
tern and issues of colonialism. Power is foregrounded in relation to both 
Net and real life demographics; issues of access, for example, are impor- 
tant here.

One can consider some of this in terms of states and vectors, and here 
Wark's Virtual Geography is useful, on one hand, and graph theory on the 
other. This begins to take one in a more ideological direction, however, 
and into somewhat "standard" postmodern theory.

