


<@kill children> <troll the innocent> <spam the tiny faces>

we're so involved with one another, i can't see the daylight between our
legs. i wanted to write you and say sweetness falls from _this_ fruit. i
don't want to be a virgin anymore; mommy help me. the i's are swollen
shut. the children need to be protected from people who want to protect
them. there are no right-thinking adults. a dancer once said to me he
couldn't do at 26 what he could do at 5. she kept her hands between her
legs even when we went out, constantly rubbing her clit. life revolving
around a syzygy of holes and objects is no life at all. when i close my
eyes they swell. you must realize this is about puffed faces, protected
children, distended adults; no one is there to make or break connection.
router. the order-assemblage presupposes one, 1, peirce's sheet of asser-
tion. every substructure has a proper name and origin. <begin here> emp-
ties out children <return to main page>. again t = 0 state. but really
there are the children to consider. the world is a comfort zone. a single
blinded child is worth more than all the animals in africa. animals are
only "so-called" wild anyway. children should drop like rain into puddles
of population. men must stretch their penises, milk their dried testes to
produce that extra kilogram of sperm. distended adults should never have
sex, not even on sheets of assertion. that i hate them all is of no con-
sequence.  only consequences are of consequence. <bit map not accessible
by text>

