
-


SQRL


Squirrels have no history and they have no time. There are no squirrel
events. Squirrels remember everything which becomes forgotten; squirrels
are not forgetful. They remember where nuts are, primeval culture as well
to be sure, learning as done. The symbolic eludes them. There is no
writing. They would not recognize plus or minus five years. The world has
no surprises that awaken the curious to an extensive degree. Watching a
squirrel is watching one part of the human. 

Squirrels watch squirrels and are on guard in the paleolithic. There were
several squirrels that were hunted down one April 9th, towards evening, in
central Europe, 24354 BC, by carnivores unknown. Tiny squirrels were left
without mothers. I don't know what happens to squirrel fathers. Some tiny
squirrels were also eaten. A tiny several square yards of nests in trees
and just around the place was devastated. Note the grammar that was neces-
sary to present this sadness: "_a_ [..] yards," indicative of a tiny rough 
totality, little region of contentment before the carnivores struck. 

Squirrels in living their pasts and futures, which they are quite aware 
of, give credence to t = 0. You should see them! Everything is origin. It 
is as if they own their tiny nestings and as if they have already given 
the lie to nature. They know better, cracking seeds and nuts in their 
tiny hands. It is all culture because it is all there for them to _pick 
up._ They have tiny manners too! You can tell because they eat so much in 
private and are so caring.

These squirrels were running around this afternoon at precisely the same
time the Ukraine was broadcasting into my tiny radio, about their terrible
lack of telecommunications, and how much their nation must do to catch up
with their bigger nestlings. 


