


Memories of MUD

I remember the MUD landscape I designed, where it was always the winter of
the broken twig, the summer of heated abjection; there was the cooling sea
where Clara might go, smeared with shit, piss, and cum, mixing with the
tepid waters; there was the neophyte Alan, hysterically picking up coins
and menses in any combination, delving into tunnels, falling into the vag-
inal opening in the floor, labial opening in the wall, the clock bleeding
second after second. Nothing happened that couldn't be corrected by prayer
as Death and Tiffany fucked murderously, returning the unstable world to
where it used to be. There were Man to be fought in this world where ever-
yone is naked, crawling, where the Pub offered female and male cum, as
well as piss to drink, where delirium is the order of the night. I could
fight with Honey there, and violated I could die piecemeal. I never pro-
grammed the eating of corpses, but the possibility was there, running rag-
ged through the body of the other in the midst of bodies. Everyone sexed
everyone else, every hole offered itself, the mazes crashed against im-
possible topologies, and there were prisons from which it was impossible
to escape, ever, before the shutdown-closure of the world. But most of all
I remember wandering within all of this, things dripping, stumbling about
at the debris of my own creation built upon the structure of a clean eco-
nomy, clean game, with foreclosed though wounded bodies. Here one slid
with every hole filled with fingers and other proturberances, with burb-
ling or mewling mouths, with insatiable hungers for bodies among bodies. I
remember returning in my dreams to dissolute programming, walking along
the path strewn with feces, the two of us covered in menstrual blood, the
blood-red sun crashed hard against horizon of the text. Build one yourself
she said, motion begets motion. 

