

-

S

"But let us go back to the division of the subject, the division between
the 'I' of the utterance and the psychic reality it represents by the al-
ternation of presence and absence. It will be noted that it is the exter-
iority of the subject to the Other (language for Lacan) which will insti-
tute the unconscious. 'It is in the reduplication of the subject of speech
that the unconscious finds the means to articulate itself.'" (Ecrits, 26). 

(Anika Lemaire, Jacques Lacan.)

And if there is only speech, only echo and reduplication within word-pro- 
cessing online software that in fact mimics the mathematical operations 
of the grotesque, arithmetic as well? If the subject of speech is always 
already speech? If word-processing mimics the uncanny and its (in)coher- 
encies? If the screen by virtue of lag and onset/offset, erases itself 
within and without? If t = 0?

Is the "signifier a subject for another signifier"? No! Are there herme-
neutic cycles or circuits, regressions within the interpretive framework? 
No! Does Bateson's meta-learning hierarchy continue indefinitely? No! Is
the subject always a subject for another subject, object for another ob-
ject, object for another subject, subject for another object? No! Does 
t = 0? Yes it does! It always does!

"Horkheimer and Adorno argued that at the heart of Enlightenment there was
a secularized version of the belief that God controlled the world.  People
thus confronted nature as an inferior, external other, a world of life-
less, fungible atoms, open to manipulation, and without conceiving of an
interpenetration of subject and object. In one sense, then, cyberspace may
be seen as the final act of the Enlightenment, in which the interface of
nature disappears, replaced by a more evidently divine other. Although
subject and object are most certainly entwined, the subject's attributes
become definitely open to exchange."  

(Julian Stallabrass, Gargantua, manufactured mass culture.)

