
-


On Worshipping Siva:


"4. One should kick the earth thrice with the right heels and enter the 
place of worship after leaping across the threshold holding the left door 
frame." (Agni Purana, 74, trans Gangadharan.)

This fascinates me. Why "heels," except as a mistake in translation? And
is there also a "right door frame"? I assume the reference is to the left
side of the frame. Again, does one take the frame with him/her? Does one
ever let go? There is something ferocious about the image, pawing the
ground, leaping and charging into the temple.

"6. Then he should go to the river Ganges silently carrying pure golden 
pitchers by means of searching instruments, after having obtained per- 
mission from Siva."

The _telescopic_ appears, not as an act of magnification, but as double- 
tubed portage. In Column XXXII of The Temple Scroll, here is a descrip- 
tion of part of the sanctuary:

"You shall make a channel all around the laver within the building. The 
channel runs [from the building] of the laver to a shaft, goes down and 
disappears in the middle of the earth so that the water flows and runs 
through it and is lost in the middle of the earth and no-one should touch 
it because it is mixed with the blood of the holocaust."

Leaping and sacrificing in and out of buildings and places, human beings
then lose themselves in the middle of the earth, disappearing suddenly and
dissolving as blood, water, _reason_ and remains become interstitial, ob-
durate, and granular. The exactitute of the rite is lost in the realm of
the chora.  Here in the loft, the cat has been chasing a water bug (large
flying cockroach) all evening. A vector connects the two of them. The
roach lands on a wall or portal, doorframe, and doesn't move; the cat lo-
ses sight/site, and suddenly everything returns to the chthonic and incho-
ate of the chora. She wails and wails; it is Mourning once again, be/com-
ing Electric.


