


Taste


Walking through the angry streets at dawn not yet asleep, I would taste
her on my hands, intermingled scents and flavors, cum, lubricant, menses,
piss, and shit; I wouldn't clean for the day, keeping her to myself, the
sustenance of memory. Earlier, I would lie for hours, my tongue between
her legs, tasting everywhere; I'd beg her to remain unshowered, unbathed,
unwiped for a day or longer. Our tastes blended together, became one; we
were tied by the same pheromes to every degree, haranassed to the same
wilted clothing, exchanging underwear as well. People _knew_ and would 
step aside, avoiding barely-separated twins at birth, death, and desire.
On the keyboard, stains would begin to appear, white, red, yellow, brown,
the keys sticky to the touch, hungering for more memory to convey into
the tasteless world beyond their portal. Remember, we would whisper to 
one another, my mouth has tasted you _everywhere,_ beyond all notions of
decency and etiquette, because it is only beyond this that our tissues
begin, melting together. Her waste was my gift of food, and mine hers. 
No formal degree of differentiation could complete this circuit, no ascii
could do anything but report on the _conditions_ of life, bodies shudder-
ing in the dusk of the twentieth century. Absorbed in each other, we 
absorbed each other as well; her liquids were my own, more powerful than
the voltages travelling through this circuitry. Taste like scent defines
its own interior, interpenetrated, its own spatiality, everywhere missing
from the _flood_ of ascii text.

