

-


Talk TV


What's strange, coincidence? All these people from TV shows who talk and 
talk on late-night, they're not what they seem. Well what are they. Well, 
they're not the cartoonists, department-store clerks, salesmen, they 
appear to be. You said that already, well then who are they? Well, they 
all seem to be actors.

They all seem to be actors? All of them? All of them, with their infinity
of duties, occupations, families, relations, boyfriends, girlfriends, all
of them have this in common, as if the entire space were projected onto an
odd singularity, or as if a black hole named "acting" absorbed all poss-
ible attributions and entities? Yes, exactly, although I am not certain of
this, it seems to be a foregone conclusion - all of them, on these late- 
night television shows which appear to feature individuals from all walks 
of life, all and all, totalities everywhere - all of them are, in fact, 
actors, by which I mean actress as well, a generic absorbing all genders, 
races, creeds, religions, in relation to a process of what can only be 
construed as make-believe, role-playing.

But this is surely what happens anyway, everyday? Not with an audience,
camera, script, director, producer, gaffer, secretary, electrician, fol-
low-focus, talent scout, continuity person, cameraperson, and ingenues
waiting in the wings. Not with rehearsals, loopings, laugh-tracks, warm-
ups, walk-throughs, run-throughs, action, we're on, we're off, let's take 
a lunch. This isn't what happens at all! Consider this, in fact, a lucky, 
lucky find!

A find? Yes, if there is this coincidence, there must be more! Let us 
move carefully across this old terrain of ours; it appears entirely dif- 
ferent now, and may take us even farther, to things we haven't heard, as 
of yet, rumor or innuendo...

