
-

Telegraph/Report

Archetypes, cultural constants, are always messy, the symbolic never sits
still. The 1980s were the period of the symbolic and its analysis, and
world-wide, traditional societies everywhere were concerned with hardening
the frontiers or margins between red ochre and the occidental use of la-
tex. Discussion in New York, Paris, and Tokyo stressed that modern man is
modern woman and man, that for a few years, we too seemed to have our
myths and then, suddenly, it turned out that they weren't myths at all,
but decompositions under the aegis of the postmodern. Since one never dat-
ed by virtue of STDs, pre- and postmodern interpenetrated, and what began
as myths in what began as tribal turned out to be occasions. Stepping fur-
ther, back into _it_ backed up, occasions _were,_ by virtue of definition
(which was always already problematic) since it wasn't clear that signifi-
ers were constituted by difference (I say "no!") or in fact constituted
difference (I say "yes!"). What _was_ clear was that _something_ was emer-
ging, the substrate of the construct of _something._ As with a wounded li-
chen, something leaks - spores, effluvia, detritus, flows - no longer
_prone_ to definition, flat on the ill-defined back, constituted now by
bed-sores, exhaustion, an account of Joey's machine which simultaneously
ran everything and nothing in the world. Now, at the millennium, everyone
has gone back inside, of which is there none, no one; inversion _does_ the
order of the day... 

