
-

Virtual Heaven

Alexander wanted people to prostrate themselves in his presence. Callis-
thenes dissented, saying that even though Alexander was descended from
Wizards who @owned him, and although he might be a God on one or another
talker, surely he was a man who would want his subjects to see him as
such, especially since the Macedonians almost left through misunderstand-
ing his adoption of the ways of the East. But Alexander had to always
speak the Truth because he was a King and the King always spoke the Truth
and when he, Alexander, thought about it, it seemed that he was of the
same lineage as Hercules and therefore demanded obeisance. Callisthenes
though thought that this prostration did dishonor to the Gods themselves,
perhaps the Sysadmins or those who were responsible for the four funda-
mental forces of the cosmos, tied more and more into a GUT, grand unified
theory of Everything. It was unclear where the Gods lay. It was unclear
what the Macedonians would do; they had gone all the way down the Indus
and come back, and there was obeisance on all sides. Alexander was one of
them, which was a Sign of his greatness; any of them could have been him,
they were given to think. So why should they adopt the ways of the east
and why should they worship Alexander? They had better things to do, and
just as there was information all the way down, getting lost, there were
Gods and Wizards all the way up, and unseen things, soothsayers and
prophecies, and looking in any direction, there was hardly an end to them. 

(Adapted from Arrian, Life of Alexander the Great.)

