



Notes towards What has Been and Could Already be a Contribution


I want to develop this notion of the relationship of the 180 degree rule
in film/television production, to the use of directives in MOO/MUD envir-
onments. The former stipulates camera positions in relation to staging,
indoor or outdoor - positions that establish the location of the specta-
tor/voyeur. They organize or articulate the world, vis-a-vis a coherent
point of view, just as a _landscape_ also positions _viewing,_ and even
for example Kuo H'sei grafts several such into one image/imaginary. Now
think of this from the position of room exits or even _look_ within a MOO
or MUD - they're almost never topologically complex spaces, but instead
possess paths, trails, roads, streets, limousines, taxis, subways, and
trains to move about, @go or @join notwithstanding. Wherever the partici-
pant (I find the word _player_ problematic) is, is Origin; there is rarely
a north pole from which everywhere is south. One can map links in any con-
ceivable order (I have), and deliberate obscurity can be built into mazes,
for example, but generally the layout remains rationalized. Consider the
Monopticon on PMC; it allows one to visit random sites, and exit into
them, by typing blink/blink/blink/etc. then exit - the _sensation_ isn't
that of a _moving Monopticon,_ but of a _moving window_ or monitor, a
_scanning_ of a pre-existing landscape. The phenomenological horizon of
the subject, in other words, remains more or less obdurate, a filter or
framework through which commands are activated. 

The 180 degree rule (the camera remains on one or another side of an im-
aginary line drawn through a scene and continued as the characters move
elsewhere) can be violated; this leads to considerable confusion, both in
the situating of the spectator and the diegesis itself. Because of the
prominence of visual processing, and its reliance on orientation clues
(these even partly govern our extrapolation of color vision), being visu-
ally confused or thrown off can lead to virtual-reality sickness in VR,
and disorientation in film. The result is probably stronger than similar
operations in text-based VR, where, for example, the screen itself may
carry remnants of space/room juxtapositions. (A better parallel might be,
however, in the deliberate reprocessing of one's speech in MOO spaces.)

For all of these reasons, one can think, of course, as a certain _machin- 
ery_ in operation - in MOOs, MUDs, landscapes, cinema, VR, a cyborgian 
extension of the subject through a rationalized articulation of his/her/ 
its environment. _The subject carries the mesh._ The domain of the Net is 
_one's own._


