


Pagan

So I'm reading Pagan Kennedy, 'Zine, about her life and trying to fit that
in with thinking about Socrates' daemon vis-a-vis Cornford and wondering
how to get this program I have to run linear analysis as I make mistake
after mistake, and I'm caught in the middle of Marie Claire-Blais' Pierre
and finding myself thinking back about old-growth forests and just got
hold of Traverses 44-45 Machines Virtuelles, while dealing with Michael
Heim's Electric Language: A Philosophical Study of Word Processing, which
takes SO long to get going, and comparing/contrasting this with Sherry
Turkle's second book, The Second Self - at the same time trying to deal
with early television history, this time occasioned by a 1951 Popular
Science TV and Radio Manual I just picked up - so all this information is
coming in and I'm preparing to do some work in Cape Breton, on Internet
conferencing of all sorts, and in the midst of this (shortly before taking
a series of Quickcam pictures for various purposes) I came across this
quote by Nietzsche, from his notebooks - "There is no _form_ in nature,
because there is no inner and no outer. All art depends upon the _mirror_
of the eyes." and the _first_ part of the sentence relates to Levinas'
_there is,_ and the _second_ part back once again to the mirror stage
itself, but it's the _no inner and no outer_ that fascinates me (as it
begins to thunderstorm WILDLY and DANGEROUSLY here at the moment), since
that brings abjection into play, and the old-growth forests come to mind
once again, as emergence/submergence, which I have written about exten-
sively by this point, play a major role (lightning VIOLENT thunder NOW)
both _there_ and through inversion, within art as the extrusion of enti-
ties, as if art were a corraling or recuperation of the world/word, one
which is thereby and necessarily corrupt from the moment of the consider-
ation of the _origin,_ - and as if this were enough of a _reason_ why this
_wryting_ falls apart, _without a moment's notice._

