



GoFoRest


Thin striations or bulges hold Sitka well-placed leaned into void, humping
thick background urges, thickening of the trunk, taut. Bulges split on IRC
when the server coughs; otherwise, striations rule, comb spaces, splines
or probes. Ytalk is always flood with the meat of participation, bodies
shuffled against the screen, plenty of space - while talkers portend a de-
gree of light sent, light scent, perfume almost always in the corners of
rooms or beneath trees whose canopies spread over the entire application.
Take MUDs - venturers are sure of boundaries worn, tired, thirsted, hun-
gered, full of the night's adventures or kills; on MOOs, one walks slight-
ly more upright, teeth at the rhetorical ready. The deadly action on the
MOO is a slight gesture of the arm, shrug of the shoulder; on WorldsChat
there is always the possibility of placard battles as outsiders are _seen_
as nuisance or threat. The boundaries are the tightest there against scifi
decay of space-station corridor behavior; it's the decay in all of us. IRC
ripples with the muscles of /cycle, /flood, /war, /famine, bloodaxe at the
Netsplit ready. CuSeeMe _shows_ the muscles bent over backwards or alien
eyes gaping at what they have created. A stranger whispers to me on Iphone
and I am not amused, circulated among him in a room which increasingly
narrows, while the modes of Powwow lend themselves to roots tapped across
directories. No, I am not amused, cut off from further outgrowth as clean-
cut reveals the paths the forests didn't take, ever, but now acquire their
sense of nausea and debris as older branches are decathected, gopher for-
gotten ("slumming in gopher space," "abandoned," the Krokers in Hacking
the Future), split again _out_ of the parenthetical to where that book
sets down its habitat: the virtual/prosthetic/cyborg club as the genera-
tion _in lieu of generation_ - where conversations thicken around techno 
jack-in ecstasy, Jack-in-the-Box up the hill of the gophers.


