


Lala Addiction


Consider the Net (as totality) as interiority, obdurate frame of refer-
ence, the more so because of its apparent innocuous structure - an object
similar to a magazine or book (we tend to forget two centuries of warnings
about novels). It is _framed_ or space-time explicit; unlike the apparatus
of CMC, the interface is thing-like and sited. It portends worlding - cyb-
erspace opposed to real space, a viral intersection of one with the other.
And unlike the worlding of the novel, cyberspace is endless, continuously
unfolding. 

On one hand, there is this somewhat fractal structure, and, on the other,
the signifier of _addiction to the terminal_ - for there is heroin or
gambling worlding as well, all signs of the relative flexibility of the
sinews of the mind. 

_All_ these worldings, _worlds,_ are cultures, singular or multiple, cen- 
tered around a substance or object, speed or computer or drug, sex or 
laughter. Call an addiction a _preference_ for one culture over another; 
call an _inescapable preference_ a physical or chemical addiction.

Never forget the _pleasure_ of each and every addiction, from heroin to 
pain, CMC somewhere in the middle. And never forget the _safety_ of ad- 
diction, because worlding crossed by substance, that chiasm, is the con- 
struct of a node, an articulation, which is not otherwise in the real or 
very often in the given cultural real. That node, transcendent and eman- 
ating, is the intensification and collapse of the maternal matrix to the 
signifier, phallus and body in one, the locus of little-object-a, the 
source and subversion of each and every masquerade.

Consider condemnation, the import of moral judgment _from one world to
another._ Doesn't such importation subvert alterity, oppress, shatter? For
whom? Does justice have a site? Should addiction be considered a breakdown
or buildup, in fact, a movement from essence to existence, from existence
to construct? (Is _the other_ always perceived as addiction?)

These questions portend the problematic of addiction, its lack of stated- 
ness, absent fury. The structure of addiction is not the _logic_ of mag- 
netism, for example, specificity of attraction to polar opposites. Beyond 
the appearance of overdetermination, cathecting, is there anything that 
would characterize either addiction-in-general? And overdetermination, 
cathecting, operate in cultural productions of all sorts; addiction is a 
model of someone for someone else, of _bad focus,_ _bad object._

Either everything or nothing needs to be unraveled here.


