




8 Being Handed Community

In Sydney, I work with a community of people centered around the Community
Access Project. I find myself suddenly in a situation I have longed for in
New York: a sense of interpenetrated relationships and the ability to move
from one point to another in the town, landmark-intensified by memories of
_people._

7 It Is Not Mine

It is not my community, however, but one inverting the Internet, brought 
together in real life to promote the virtual. Today, we tried whiteboard 
on Powwow successfully; we could draw _together_ across a distance of 
several miles. The possibility of whiteboard warfare was discussed - 
erasing one another's demarcations.

6 Conferencing?

In virtual conferencing, several components are necessary. I tend towards
the lean: the use of a Web page as a "gateway" for registration and in-
structions; the use of further Web pages to relate primary materials (pa-
pers, etc.); email lists for discussion and secondary materials in depth;
and a talker for on-line question and answer. That's it. Everything should
be accessible through text-based applications. Everything should be fast - 
no images larger than 35k!

5 Booking My Way 

I can't live without books and other reference materials; the community
here relies on a few chain stores, remarkably limited. It's clear that, at
least for me, _the Net doesn't do it_ - I miss the intimacy of handling
something momentarily precious and labor-intensive. My dreams revert to 
brooks and the false clarity of daylight.

4 We were not made to think.

The chaotic sound of the brook outside spreads over a wide and complex 
bandwidth. Every so often it seems to change radically: I realize it is 
my own focus, signal-processing, that has sharpened the noise (white, 
pink, or otherwise), providing false peaks to stir my consciousness. The 
stars appear to move in the sky; they go nowhere.

The lesson learned: All Internet is _thinking._


