


Talk


The software never loaded properly. It crashed Windows 95 as well. It
crashed other systems. It had to be removed. It infiltrated, and communi-
cation was lost. Communication became a forgotten art. The computer re-
turned whatever one wanted to hear. It crated it within itself. Like a
god, it moved internally, and the first act would have been division. The
first act of creation is to make sure it is not a computer, that there
never was a computer, that there never would be. The theatricality of the
world is not in the stage, but in the backstage. There never have been
players. There are stagehands. 

This was already noted by Notker the Stammerer in his Charlemagne (trans. 
Lewis Thorpe):

"These same Greek envoys brought with them every kind of organ, as well as
all sorts of other instruments. These were all examined by the craftsmen
of the most sagacious Charlemagne to see just what was new about them.
Then the craftsmen reproduced them with the greatest possible accuracy.
The chief of these was that most remarkable of organs ever possessed by
musicians which, when its bronze wind-chests were filled and its bellows
of ox-hide blew through its pipes of bronze, equalled with its deep note
the roar of thunder, and yet which for very sweetness, could resemble the
soft tinkle of a lyre or a cymbal. This is, however, neither the place or
time to tell of where it was set up, how long it lasted and the way in
which it was destroyed in the general cataclysm which befell the state." 

We employ text-based software at the moment; I telnet from Victoria to New
York, writing on-line, _gauging_ this. The rest has been disabled; it will
rise again and again, reconfigured, until in 2020 upgrading, with perfect
vision, becomes automatic, the computer breathing bytes and pieces without
fail. We all take care of our own. The future of the state is the state of
the future. As I say, "'someone dies,' it's a movement of the lips," and 
"no one listens anymore."

