




Entering for the Very First Time


When I begin testing a new keyboard, trying to type as fast as possible 
(which is pretty fast) - I usually write something similar to the follow- 
ing: This is the way that I might find you sometimes in the morning when 
I'm looking around to see if someone is coming at the doorway to the 
thing which is all that I can have in this world or any other because all 
the things in the world don't tell me anything I didn't already know but 
maybe there are errors being made here that I'm not aware of sometimes 
the keyboard sticks and I know when I'm spelling incorrectly but then 
there is a question of do I stop and return and retrieve the correct 
language or just for someone else's sake keep on going, I'm not sure but 
of all the things in the world there is something that might really be 
around here and then in the night or not I don't know but is it possible 
that it sure seems like it?

And surely we all have ways of keyboard testing, ways of ascertaining 
whether or not our thoughts are in fact compatible with _this_ potential 
space or requires another? And what other statements do _you_ produce as 
a sample of speed, for me clearly it depends on things such as: This is 
the way that the world would want to test the thing if there were whether 
or not someone or something can be there for us to watch and see what 
would be the case if there were a world or word or something in the 
morning or night that would reflect the use of the machine just like this 
is seeming to do at the moment...

There's a spew that emerges, not for example such as the following: Betty
Ann I want you to know that I love you and will always love you and you
looked great last night and I want to see you again I can't believe how
beautiful your eyes are and when we go out I just feel it's too dreamy to
even write about. Or there might be the boy that Betty Ann wants to see
write about himself I'm so goodlooking I can't believe it when I look in
the mirror I'm special not like those other boys. Or sometimes there are
darker striving which I will not reproduce here, strivings about sexual-
ity and violence and petty crime. But I will not reproduce them.

