
-

Want


I wanted to write something about how the organization of Internet sites
in Nova Scotia utilizes a lot of lateral interrelationships to create a
distributed network of power. Then I wanted to contrast that with some of
the institutions I teach in, in the United States, and how these are or-
ganized according to a hierarchical model. I wanted to point out how the
latter creates a sense of disunity, and a situation in which sustainabil-
ity becomes highly problematic, while the former, because of redundancy
and the diffusion of power, is more likely to be homeostatic and psycho-
logically fulfilling. I wanted to point out further how such a model would
be of use in many situations, as long as there was a sense of releasement
from the top down - how, in other words, decisions would be "dropped" from
above, questioned and seen as _tools_ from below. I would have gone on to
say that disagreement tends to dissipate with this model, or rather re-
solve into action with less stress than otherwise. I would have further
considered the hierarchical model, indicating how decisions from above ap-
pear as _inscriptions,_ wrytings creating their own domains, and that such
domains would be taken as a fait accompli, a disavowal, disempowerment. I
would want to show that the anarcho-syndicalist model of the Internet is
in fact a _better_ form of organization, one which could be taken as a new
and different paradigm than those previously applied, even ones utilizing
the holarchic approaches presaged by people such as Arthur Koestler and
David Bohm. I would then have wondered if I had been too abstract in my
presentation, and whether it was clearly understood. I would have further
considered whether a concrete example were necessary, and probably, as is
my wont, would have let the text flow in one or another direction, think-
ing through a subjunctive as if it were just around the corner, or a fu-
ture given by the relative absence of metaphor or argument, or considera-
tions derived from anything other than a network of developments. 


