
-


CD and Tattoo


I finally installed an external CD-ROM drive on three computers here, with
considerable difficulty - configuring the partitions and config.sys in
particular. Now that it's running, I find I must create icons in some ca-
ses but not in others - for the disks to run, blessed be the disks. But I
want to ask: Is this the future of sound and sight? Weaving my way through
fast-forward or fast-backward information-shuttles creates cubism out of
hypertext, shifting planes which attend to extraneous elements designed to
seduce and retard. The entire _affair_ is just that, one of seduction. 

My favorite disk to date is Chinese Comment Idiom and Games, created for
Chinese children to learn the rudiments of the written language. I do not
understand a word of it; there is a Tetris game with four characters per
piece - as the piece descends, they're _spoken_ by a friendly voice. Un-
known speech piles on unknown, a pure blessing-matrix of sound coupled
with a much-too-slow game. But I am aware totally that I am in the _virga_
of the unknown, that it will never come to fruition, that it is the _text_
which opens portals, postures alterity, presences the resided world for
what it is and is not. 

Now is this the future of sound and sight, and of body, taste, touch, and
smell, broken up into shattered planes of menus, not manifolds or mem-
branes stretched almost to the tearing point, the rip-tide - a future in
which the body is simultaneously cut and sutured, remolded and discarded?
I would call this a cyborgia of pure absence, neither ghost nor uncanny,
but continuous dissection and momentary micro-reintegration. The skin of
the shape-rider sloughs at each moment of construct, but no one waits
around to read the desultory tattoos upon it, or the retardation of the
tales they tell. 

They're _all_ in this pattern, engorge/disgorge: the _anorectic future,_ 
of which I have had much to say, elsewhere.

