
-


Film Thoughts as a Guide to Past and Future Everything


Well, we're in the midst of jurying the experimental section of a short
film and video festival here in New York, and here are some overall char-
acteristics that might be of interest (please note these do not apply to
each and every film, of course):


_Technology_ is treated in both film and video as mechanical, electrical,
or connected with the automobile. Shots out of windshields predominate. 

Favorite objects include: Water (_always_ a favorite), lightbulbs, morose
stares by young men, twigs, tree branches against sky (often rotating),
shifts (dresses of sorts), and eyes. 

Objects which have lost ground from last year: Train tracks and breasts 
(female).

Mood: More morose than ever, less autobiographical, post Sonic Youth
sound-tracks, depoliticized, oddly asexual, de-energized for the most 
part - a kind of lassitude or languor sets in.

Mood implications: The _elegaic_ seems predominant, signaling the end of 
independent film and video beneath the signifier of government intent on 
eliminating the last futile radical gestures of the artworld.

Surprises: A great lack of community, as someone pointed out - characters,
where they appear at all, almost never relate to one another. The edginess
of Godard or the avant-garde has given way to a now empty existentialism
in the Sartrean sense (Nausea for example). One is born and borne alone in
the world; a certain romanticism which continues to exist only points in- 
ward, towards itself, the uselessness of the romantic fallacy recognized, 
and "things fall apart."

Sound: Almost always non-sync, occasionally looped, use of "somber" elec-
tronic tones, from cello range downward. Musics of great portent which are
never answered. Voices are often inadvertently muffled, almost inaudible,
as if the _saying_ of things would lead to immediate withdrawal. 

Motto: Tragedies are not permitted, and this robs the fates of their
energy. 

