|

I want only to note here, that on these lists, while five of the Sins have
been discussed repeatedly, instant plebiscites and gatekeeper tyranny have
not. I find the latter has taken on the characteristics of a social field,
rather than problems based primarily on top-down decisions - there are
many instances in which hackers or techies exert far too much power in
other areas of decision-making. While I tend to love these concerns,
within the free fields of networking Lan and Wan (some wonderful advice
recently on hacking Dos from Windows in 2600's second to last issue, won-
derful for an amateur like myself), techies tend to side against the arts
vis-a-vis the _humanities_ - it's that old situation of two cultures
again. I've seen this play out in all sorts of various ways. And hackers
or techies pull the strings in cases where decisions might be better made
by people directly concerned or involved with social issues. These people
are often seen as surface (and judging by some of their writing on CMC,
many of them are). 

I'm wandering, tired, and apologize, but there is a germ of something in
the above that needs attention. The issue of plebiscites is even more
complicated and important - and rarely discussed - although, come to think
of it, consider sites like Firefly or my.yahoo.com - intelligent agent
sites - as plebiscite-based and you find an oddly perturbing narcissism
and decathecting from the social in the midst of information management
that is supposed to ultimately create more time and space for real life
and all its socio-cultural responsibilities... 

