
-

Slowdown


I just bought a Hewlett Packard 110 laptop for $15, without a power sup-
ply. Made in 1984, it's one of the first laptops, with a small screen; I 
can't power it up until I find more data on it.

It's only twelve years old, and already an antique. The speed-up of the 
Net, however, which last year reduced, in the popular imagination, a 
physical year to four Web-years, seems to have slowed down again. Java 
has exhausted itself as a headliner. There's an inert force working all 
the time with text-based applications. The Web's still mostly unavailable 
vis-a-vis cable modems, and remains slow. The only people making money on 
the Net seem to be associated with reflexive businesses, i.e. businesses 
which promote the Web and the people promoting the Web. 

I believe the slow-down has also occurred with overall demographics - the
exponential slope is beginning to level. At the moment it may be a situa-
tion of overkill. Note that bad publicity is on the rise again - the AOL
19-hour glitch (which isn't that unusual for an ISP), a 14-year-old sodom-
ized on Long Island by someone who initially approached him through the
Net, and so forth. Not to mention all the doom-saying death-of-the-human
essays floating around. (Not to mention the feeling of Web-burnout, use 
of _cool/kewl_ and still my unfavorite demon, _killer app._)

The slow-down is great, if it's really happening. Maybe things will deep-
en. I've noticed a slow growth in the Cybermind list (we're mentioned in 
Harley Hahn's The Internet Complete Reference, by the way), after months 
of remaining at around 270. We're currently near 315-330, depending on 
the day. People hopefully are moving towards other kinds of discourse and 
dialogic than what "Web-surfing" alone has to offer.

Now if anyone could send me information on the HP 110 power supply and 
cables...

