
-


Althusser in Reading Capital

"However paradoxical it may seem, I venture to suggest that our age threa-
tens one day to appear in the the history of human culture as marked by
the most dramatic and difficult trial of all, the discovery of and train-
ing in the meaning of the 'simplest' acts of existence: seeing, listening,
speaking, reading - the acts which relate men to their works, and to those
works thrown in their faces, their 'absences of works.'" 

"The same connexion that defines the visible also defines the invisible as
its shadowy obverse. It is the field of the problematic that defines and
structures the invisible as the defined excluded, _excluded_ from the
field of visibility and _defined_ as excluded by the existence and peculi-
ar structure of the problematic; as what forbids and represses the reflec-
tion of the field on its object, i.e. the necessary and immanent inter-re-
lationship of the problematic and one of its objects." 

Marx, beginning of the Manifesto of the Communist Party

"A specter haunts Europe - the specter of communism. All the powers of old
Europe have entered into a holy alliance in order to lay this specter: 
pope and tsar, Metternich and Guizot; French radicals and German police." 

Derrida in Specters of Marx

"The 'mystical character' of the commodity is inscribed before being in-
scribed, traced before being written out letter for letter on the forehead
or the screen of the commodity. Everything begins before it begins. Marx
wants to know and make known _where, at what precise moment,_ at what _in-
stant_ the ghost comes on stage, and this is a manner of exorcism, a way
of keeping it at bay: before this limit, it was not there, it was power-
less." 

Quota Review Board, PMC2 MOO

Should old objects that are abandoned be @recycled? What about Wizard's
objects? Should players be contacted? Should therefore their email add-
resses be made available? If a player is recycled, the number is perman- 
ently set aside.

