|


Written before the advent of information, simulacra, theory of equivalen-
ces, Hegel's notion of the thing re-marks it as simultaneously mark and
obdurate, related to Kristeva's Thing (Black Sun); it is slave, depres-
sive, unique, consumed by use, existing within the phenomenological hor- 
izon of complete annihilation. It is the thing of mechanism, thing of 
basic survival: what is necessary in terms of food, clothing, shelter, 
drink, community perhaps. 

Possession however also re-marks fetishization, as any attempt to elim- 
inate objects through a MOO Quota Review Board illustrates. @recycle 
remains tied to the Owner/creator of bits on a foreign hard drive not 
hers; there is a continuous question, in addition, concerning the labor 
of software development in cyberspace.

Beyond the labor, however, fetishization implies the seduction of total
control, the libidinal use of bodies by others; this, too, plays a role in
the Hegelian concept. I would go so far as to say that cyberspace exists
in a dialectic between the Hegelian/Kristevan Thing, and the problematic
of information. (Note that the Kristevan Thing relates to depression, and
does not characterize her view of physical reality. But its hardness,
tumor-like quality, is relevant to the Hegelian generalization.) There is
much to be considered here, not only in terms of the cyberspatial real,
but also the real cyberspatial. Where does possession lie? (And in addi-
tion, in addiction, one may consider the second meaning of possession, _to
be possessed, in relation to the fetish, to insertion into cyberspace, to 
the convolution of projection/introjection among the subject and his com- 
puter.)

Beginning with Hegel, one begins with the negativity inherent in ordinary 
existence as it pertains to our every-day life; one moves from there to 
the world of semiosis, from there out, towards those shoals where there 
are no moorings, temporary and imminent tetherings at best.


