


-


Ill


On the MOO a brief discussion about implementing disease. In real life, my
cat's fur is clumped on her back, not falling out, but it worries me.  $30
for just an examination; if it's diabetes, I can't afford the shots.  My
tinnitus is acting up, constant ringing, a subject for discussion on a
late-night talkshow; the guest said it can lead to suicide. The cut on my
hand has healed, but I still worry infection. My depression's flaring up
again; I think of leaving the lists, closing down, but hang on in any
case. One of my plants is drooping, too many yellow leaves and the cacti
lack vigor; they're leaning too far into the dim light from here here here

here here here it is so beautiful and cleansed, just like the camps before
the Allies came. I regret the image, but not enough regret. Towards what
great beast are we remaking ourselves according to the image of sterility? 
There's no way to thrust the body _out_ and _in_ - What happens? I write
Blood, like Lautreamont bleed to the marrow, and the text becomes an ins-
ertion, infinitely malleable, already rubble - but always already purified
just like the blood's purified until it comes into contact with the air. 

here here here there's no opposition, no connect, no coagulation; there's 
no other to cyberspace, no air anywhere. The sterility of the body gives 
it substance in media res, in noisy dominion. It's precisely the break- 
throughs, the breakdowns, that give meaning to life, just as the inherent 
possibility of face to face negation constructs meaning* of a sort which 
is only borrowed in cyberspace. 

here here here it's the voices chilling in the vacuum - no wonder there's
always opposition to wizards, staff, sysadmin, moderators, anyone who
might remind us that power occurs in every sphere. I'd rather not have
tinnitus, have my perfect lovely body, but the real is the dark snare
that cuts through the sliver of the neck, results in otherwise than being
here, thus otherwise than metaphor. 

