+ st n
ght th s c nd d y b f r th l st d y th th rd l gh b f r th l st l gh th l
st m l th th rd l gh b f r th l st l gh th n ght b f r th l st n ght th s
c l st d y th th rd l gh b f r th l st l gh th w lk ft r th l st w lk th s
c nd l st w lk th s c nd m l b f r th l st m l th th rd l gh b f r th l st
l gh th r th l st l gh th n ght b f r th l st n ght th s c nd d y b f r th
l st d y th th w lk b f r th l st w lk th s c nd m l b f r th l st m l th
f r th l st n ght th s c nd d y b f r th l st d y th th rd l gh b f r th l
st ft r th l st n ght th s c nd d y ft r th l st d y th th rd l gh ft r th
l st l b f r th l st w lk th s c nd m l b f r th l st m l th th rd l gh b
f r th l st ft r th l st w lk th s c nd m l ft r th l st m l th th rd l gh
ft r th l st l hr cl ck st r th s nd f ch ld r nn ng n r h r sch l sh d w
f m n n r thr cl ck st r th s nd f ch ld r nn ng n r h r sch l th sh d w f
m n n r thr cl ck st r th s nd f ch ld r nn ng n r h r sch l ft r th l st
l gh th sh d w f m n n r thr cl ck st r th s nd f ch ld r nn ng n th l st
n ght th s c nd d y b f r th l st d y th th rd l gh b f r th l st l gh th
l st n ght th s c nd d y ft r th l st d y th th rd l gh ft r th l st l gh
t c nd d y b f r th l st d y th th rd l gh b f r th l st l gh th w lk ft r
th l s c nd d y ft r th l st d y th th rd l gh ft r th l st l gh th sh d w
f m n n sometimes i think this ruins the poem which i wrote and rewrote in
my sleep my dreams, ghosts haunting, haunched on my shoulders, unbearable
pain, then an effect as if it is the ruin itself which is the awakening ..


