==


jennifer say "dear god why with joy would i pray to you approaching
synagogue and mosque with what form of breath when it is true i want to
see such a world as perhaps you have created for which i did not ask nor
beg so that i need to travel across this universal creation to bring back
within such confines as my mind possesses all that is extraordinary and
all that is ordinary understanding and then the comprehension of this
world itself if not this world which escapes as such creation retreats
before this or any other knowledge and so shimmering or trembling or
fragile as one would not have been left to believe but as is evidenced in
each and every sign you have given us for all such signs are signs of one
sign and each and every sign returns to that sign and if there is not one
sign of the return and the same sign of the recuperation then to whom do
we owe such cause and effect which both play upon our knowledge of our
world and perhaps you would answer half effaced by our presence that such
cause and effect do not exist and perhaps this answer itself dwells as in
fear with you and perhaps there are no signs languishing and each word
trails like a wound a scar behind it which one calls meaning constantly
hurrying and suturing the world to make a world and a universe to make a
universe and thus we are bound to the work of the world and there are no
signs and no prayers will bring them back and there are no causes and no
effects beyond the imminent and no signs and no prayers will bring them
back and prayers will bring no signs and we do breathe each and every day
as if this were all not so and we shall go out and look upon the wonder
and we shall enunciate the wonder and we shall breathe within the wonder
as if it were our own and we do look up above ourselves to worlds we shall
never reach cradling us against the soft bed of the earth as if looking
above were itself such a sign that is taller than we are tall no matter
what means we do employ always beyond our grasp such as we are and we do
need to make you in such a fashion as that we can go there for we are not
so brave"


