==


deaths, jews, mothers


it's inconceivable that the synagogues have vanished, that one waits for
another, that the other suffocates; there are forces on earth; i turn
towards my mother, speaking mother, it is just hours later, a colder day,
there is no answer; i made my peace; she didn't know she had been moved
from hospital to hospice; we remain in the hospice; we are always in and
of the hospice; there are great forces beneath the ground, great forces in
the air; we see asteroids turning slowly, irrevocably; the earth is held
in a skein, drawn towards the sun which shall destroy it; it lives among
the ruptured boulders of the universe, intersects them; its gravity is
paltry; it's inconceivable that this morning shall not return; that this
letter shall be lost among the others; that the knowledges of logic are
not ontologically constituting; that nothing is created, nor destroyed;
that it is all at best contiguous:

that the knowledge of logic does not constitute creation nor survival

that the synagogues and libraries have vanished, that the universities are
no more

one's life is continuous lamentation, worlds disappearing forever, worlds
forever disappearing, what is irrevocable, cannot be called, i cannot
reach into the hinge or twin of me, sometimes at night there are whispers,
murmurs, whole worlds churning, worlds whirling, their angular momentum
the platen of holy letters:

singing that the knowledge of logic does not create, that an empty sieve
thirsts for entities, that materials slough through runnels and channels

singing that the languages are no more, that the last creature's eye has
closed, that the wind is raw, that the universities were never sufficient

that the worlds were never sufficient, that richness lay within them, that
one closes the eyes of the mother, parts her hair on her deathbed, that
creation cannot move a second beneath the eye of creation, that the eye is
always closed

singing that the languages are closed, that forgetting is perfect sleep
and matter, that to someone it is inconceivable that the synagogues have
vanished, that to someone there is the prayer of a name and a forgotten
date, that to someone there are the smells and sounds of the halls of
libraries and universities, that one is always waiting, waiting upon, that
there is never a reply,

singing that the knowledge of logic does not constitute creation or
survival

that i am spanning, that my spanning is ending, that i can clearly see
the ending, that there are so many paths, that there are names calling
across them, that there are sounds of inconceivable animals, that the
plants, too, bend their leaves and stems, that the world begins its
shuddering, that it is inconceivable that one speaks, or that there is 
yet or still another:

singing that the breath stops, that the hospice is still, in the night,
still yet in the morning and afternoon, that the knowledge of logic is
still in the hospice, that the knowledge of logic is still


