==


three months after my mother/s death/ the dreams are hitting harder/
there/s a thickness to them/ as if i were buried in carpet/ or close
in against family fury/ hysteria/ all these details/ as if language 
were slashed/ closeups/ this is hard to explain but there are reson/
ances with my body/ i said it was hard to explain/ as if surgery were
the case/ as if i were reconfigured/ buried in carpet/ thick/ there/s
the death of my father as well/ fictitious/ it plays a role/ fury 
subsiding/ this is a place i don/t want to go/ language/ not real/
slashed/ lately insomnia sets me a schedule/ bed at 4/ up at 6/ try
to sleep again at 8/ wake at 11/ beg for 12/ realarm/ up at 12/15/ 
entering the day exhausted more than usual/ within any of these seg/
ments/ the closeups appear/ the deaths begin all over again/ i barely
survive/ words fail/ i want to slash across them with every breath/
i turn into the carpet/ it gets thicker/ dirtier/ i/m being screamed
at/ the room shudders for me/ the fear is close in/ as usual/ this
goes on in every segment/ i don/t want to explain myself/ really have
no interest in explaining myself/ bodhisattva helps/ that is a space/
or gap/ elusiveness of the real/ as if in preparation for universal
plasma and fury/ always on the horizon/ universal auschwitz/ triumph
of chaos/ my teeth are close in on prosthetics/ on the carpet/ my eye
just there/ level with the floor/ why/ if things are always starting/
do i remember only loss/ finality/ regret/ i/m getting hit/ punctured
/ mouth filled with wool/ industrial fiber/ asbestos/ it is all uni/
versal and it is all universal and it is all universal/ dreaming and
no sleep/ contusion/ and the end/


