




Subject: Enormous difficulty of 300 baud


this is a demonstration of the difficultty of 300 baud. I am writing in
PINE and it is clear that the Net is linear at this level. the
screencontinually refreshes - everything is a mess in terms of redrawing
materials overand over again. I can't- or could, but incredibly slowly -
go back in and change things around - theslightest movement up and down
of he cursor results in heneed for redrawing again. the backspaceisn't
configuredfor delete; deleteisn'tconfiguredfor anything.. on occasion,
the spacebar is awkward, butit's hard to know when - especially if one is
typinga high speed.

but it is the rdrawing that fascinates, over and over again - the
redrawing that backsup on theline orparagraph or menu commands now
below-that jumpsback and forth onthe page over and over agai..
rightnow,thescreenis so slow that the iage issplit -thatIdonoknowwhich
part ofthepostisbeingtypedupon.

it must have been incredibly difficult atthe beginning ofwriting on
linetocompose longerormmore complex texts. Ortherewould have been a
slowermode of thinking, movingjust about out of the mechanical age.
because the letters spew forth alost one by one by one and it's hard to
trackthem otherwise,thought curling in upon itself -and thisafterfor
example theIBM Selectric hadalready (at leastwith me) reached speeds of
about 100 wps on a good day...

so I am current/antiqque and this is a way of thinking about the Netand
thepackets emerging one by one by one...

this is theur-net, and for thosed whowereonsayin theearly 1980s-
orbefore- HOW DID YOU DO IT?

any storieswould be greatly appreciated!!!

Alan(by the way sig redrawing takes a huge amount oftime....)

    http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html
             images: http://www.cs.unca.edu/~davidson/pix/
                       4 GIN 1/3 SA KUG. BABBAR

