

Kyberspace ii


What's the relationship between the surface and the depths? There isn't
any. There isn't any necessary contingent. Roots and tendrils intertwine; 
emergence may be the best we can hope for, emergence and random genera-
tion. Mappings break down between upper and lower. The fault is in the
stars. Nothing is driven by the chaotic, but since at least the 1970s it's
been known that traceback is impossible; given component [x] of a system,
there's no discrete way to determine its state at a specified instant,
given a reasonably complex program. Add internetworking, and the same ap-
plies, I'd imagine, to larger elements. There's a crude Heisenbergian par-
allel here; the greater the sophistication of the machinery, the more it 
approaches the problems of translation between mind and brain in neuro- 
physiology.

But it's clear from Kyberspace i that more is at stake, that the very top-
ography of the surface may bear little relation to the depths, even the
depths which generate the surface. The parallelism within a naive pheno-
menology - the processing that constructs the parallelism and the inten-
tionality/functionalism that acts accordingly - is missing here. It is for
this reason that I've considered the relationship between on-line and psy-
chosis, the production of a semi-reflexive sememe cauterized from the
real, operational within it. 

( Just about _any_ examples will do; the mouse clicks on nothing; windows
aren't windows, and the interface on the Mac as well is sprayed electronic
color. The shadows of html forms are carefully calculated. Our own forms
develop rigor mortis on the MOOs. Ytalk appears the most raw, since the
words sputter or spew across the screen, apparently in relation to the
stumbled movements of fingers on this or the other end. Ytalk comes the
closest to breath, and breathing is still a long ways off. )


