



The Difficulties of the Release of Emotional Tension In CMC


the hardest thing in cyberspace is learning to _let go_ - more than lang-
uage always seems at stake. but it is _precisely_ within language that the
problem occurs - another _as if_ - consciousness itself were speaking/spo-
ken to. what exists always already exists within the dominion of words and
packets 

                        the flame opens the wound which only a return can
suture. language serves as its own burial. but to this extent the mystery
remains unsolved (remaining diacritical, excessive, as in the relationship
to 'being')

letting go is not a form of releasement, not a waiting or an opening - it
is precisely /other/ - foreclosure, recuperation without the danger of me-
mory - thus the non-existence of leverage, articulation, the intensifica- 
tion associated with the _node_

to remember is this other gnawing from within, dangerous to both organ-
isms. to remember is a disappearance from the text, an inhalation proble-
matizing consciousness itself. for if we speak only through the insertion,
not just of the eye, but of the fingers

_everything_ that occurs here, occurs with the semblance of power

unlike being, the Net is _maintained._ unlike air, the carrier of sound 
and voice, packets are driven by virtue of labor

MOOs for example are the theater of the real, sites within which serrated
pinchers continue their operations. applications are spectacles mouthing 
forms, producing the forms of mouths

the forms of mouths are letters ("someone dies - it's a movement of the 
lips" - Damaged Life)

without release, flamewars and arguments, deletions and insertions, con-
tinue forever, their echos resonating without the articulation or resolu-
tions that occur in daily life, _when one body turns away from another._
CMC is filled with part-objects, fragments, rumors, illusions, archives,
auras, packets seemingly scattered forever; everything and nothing is
forgotten and everything and nothing is remembered. the body can't reas-
semble; there is no body, nobody. the finality of walking away (even with
remonstrations later - tears, telephone calls, _letters_), the diminution
of the withdrawing body, has no parallel by virtue of reply/bounce/forward
_from me to you and back to you and back again_

_retention_ - as in the protracted mourning on PMC2 for its earlier incar-
nation - intermingles with the new unconsciousness of language, Lacan not-
withstanding. how to let go without signing-off - how to sign and not-sign
simultaneously - how to place both the sign and its absence - how to con-
tend with signification _not_ determined primarily by difference (deter-
mined _solely_ by difference) - there are no solutions to the problems of
language in the realm of written bodies (one gets off without getting off)

given the artificiality of the CMC environment, given the structuration
and reception theory of the _written,_ one lets go of each and every be-
lief - one betrays


