


The Nibelungen Rings


The telephone brings people together. The telephone allows me to talk to
my Mom whenever and wherever I want. With the telephone, my Mom and I can
related to each other. Whenever we have a quarrel, the telephone is sure
to patch it up. 

Sometimes my girlfriend and I need to talk about our relationship. We find
talking on the telephone the easiest way to do this. We are careful to
listen to each other, and not to interrupt. Through the telephone, we find
we have a wonderful relationship when we really get together. 

My daughter uses the telephone all the time to speak to me. She can track
me down with my beeper or cellular phone. She has boyfriend problems, and
I guess I'm more a friend than a Dad to her. We'll talk over everything
and I usually can help her have a happier life. 

My boss uses the telephone to reach me whenever and wherever she wants. 
It's really important to stay in touch with each other through the busy
workday. If I'm taking an important client out to lunch, and she receives
new business information, she can get in touch with me. I can tell my
client the latest our company is thinking. 

My secretary uses the phone to remind me of important meetings I might
attend. She's very reliable, and I hold her in great esteem. With the
telephone, she can take dictation and even read my business email back to
me. I wouldn't know what to do without my secretary and her telephone. 

Without the telephone, I could never contact my doctor. I use the phone
whenever I'm feeling ill. It is a great comfort to know I can reach her
from my house, which is also my family's home. I can reach her from my
office as well, or with my cellular phone, even when I am traveling during
the workday. 

My telephone allows me to go whenever and wherever I want, away from my
office, which is where I work, and my home, which is where my family
lives. With my telephone "I am only a call away."


