
-


Stained In Virtual-Real: the Apostrophe-'s'


1. I sign a contract with you. You do what you want with me. I trust you
totally. If you do only what I want you to do, you have violated the
contract. You create a sign that leaks, spills. There must be an inert
redundancy. You piss on me, but not _there,_ so you piss on me _there_; 
you sign yourself with your teeth on me, but not _that hard,_ so, in fact,
you mark/demarcate me for your own, your pleasure, which becomes mine as 
well. 

2. I choose this position with you. My body shudders during masturbations,
trembles at your name, those images you have left with me. Dreaming be-
comes an impossibility. Everywhere I turn, you are there; I choose you to
penetrate me, devour me. I will escape this obsession through cannibalism;
alone, I tear at my nipples, spread my cheeks, open my hole to empty air.
I choose you to fill me, fill _it,_ as I become pronominal in fact, skew-
ered on evacuated identity. 

3. There are always states of preparation, recuperation; I do not give a 
name to anything, neither masochism nor abjection. States are always lim- 
inal, between borders, absorbing borders; there is neither coming or go- 
ing. Sinking is a buoyancy. Memory replays and names me accordingly.

4. The liminal is between the name and spattered/splattered language; it 
is not the absence of language, but the frisson of existence extinguish- 
ing itself. The liminal is between myself and you, coated with effluvia, 
interiors spread like paste between us. We wear our clothing until it 
frays from the skin, splits, peels. We are absent signs, dissemination- 
wraiths. We are scented, swollen, ruptured: we are _odor._

5. Covered with your feces, limbs, blood and marrow, I am cleansed - an
eye, having conquered itself and the site of the body, an ego-egg. This is
ultimate narcissism, long-circuiting and cycling through you, threaded
through mouth and genitals, returning within the imaginary I have expel-
led, absolved, swallowed once again. 

6. Always these boundaries, interiors and exteriors, come into play. Sex-
uality irrupts between us, _among_ us, as surfaces break down, as bodies
are _rendered_ or _inscribed_ by one another. Transgression and delay pur-
chase infinite arousal, infinite becoming. Not death but _infinite delay_
is linked to the sexual. 

7. Thus I become _your_ thing, possession, your bed, cradle, toilet, sur-
face of wrything / wryting / writing. On Internet, _I am inscribed_ as
apostrophe-'s'; within the real, by demarcations _sutured_ from, and fore-
closing the body. _It is all a question of the writing of erasure._

8. And just as inscribed-erased, also _disinterred,_ asymbolicized, a reg-
ression to the _infantile,_ choratic inchoate aggression: _splay._ In be- 
coming your _thing,_ (elsewhere than semiosis, determination), I escape 
writing, neither writing nor wryting (with its ontological implications). 
I _tend towards freedom,_ beneath your playful smile.

9. At this point, _punctum,_ the text evacuates, excretes, _registers._ At
this point the registration is complete, an ordered disorderliness, a mess
brought to and from the home. Metaphorically, an _inverted funnel,_ with
obvious implications of _reading._ Text is a very part of that recupera-
tion, or the liminal itself foreclosed; in _this_ space, the screen is al-
ways cleansed. ( And at this moment, the apostrophe-'s' - almost transcen-
dent - _I am Clara's_


