






On


They have been on MOOs for up to 16 days, a record as I recall. They re-
main hooked in and out of IRC, and I remain here, late-night, waiting for
your mail to arrive. The screen always seethes; I don't have to do any- 
thing, except hit a key every once in a while to stop the time-out. It's 
the _potential_ which is a form of gambling, and I send you my picture, 
you send me yours; flurries of pictures intersect the Internet; I am you 
are everywhere. The screen puckers; a nipple appears, packet ID number at 
the least, hopefully my final destiny.

They remain _on_ because _on_ is life itself, being _on,_ the primacy of 
Heidegger's _Being on Time_ a prime example. Being on Time, as in: You're 
really _on_ tonight. What are you going _on_ about? You're always _on._

The edges of the screen furl, curl in towards black borders shading to-
wards an untoward center. Something might occur, as an absence for exam- 
ple. But the occurrence is linear; the mailq is queued in and out for my 
pleasure. Whatever happens, there will always be another, and the screen 
will be ready for it, the computer on.

It's an I/eye, cite/site (yes, I/inscription//agrios/domus*) in the corner
of the room, along the wall of the room, across the room, on the floor or
ceiling of the room. It keeps the room alive. I don't have to do anything.
I can read, write, hack with the biff y, and here you come across the
screen to take me away from myself, or if not now, when? The wait is a
temporal caress, cross and diffused kisses spreading across me. All of us
are perfect delight. 

To theorize the _on_ is to _endlessly_ theorize being as inconceivable de- 
marcation. Metaphysics appears, fantasy narratives, light anecdotes and 
Russian novels. The _on_ blocks/is blocked, the movement of the pratico- 
inert when no one is looking.

I know if I close my eyes, the screen continues, and that is a basic fact 
of life.


