



Ganzfeld


...saw Videodrome for the first time tonight, missed it years ago -
there's a signal that can be sent out with the television image - makes
you hallucinate - tumors are involved - and it reminded me that I did that
about three years ago - reconfiguring some old broadcast equipment I had -
created those loops - put me into a trance for the duration - stages of
migraine showlights as well - flashbacks - had to stop, but it's possible
- the screen began boiling, spilled into the room - had never seen any-
thing like it before - I've got the technique, the tapes to prove it -
signal going wild on the vectorscope, waveform monitor - wouldn't dupli-
cate - couldn't duplicate - signal didn't take - it's the original or it's
nothing at all - the only way to do it, only way to bring it all home - so
what's the point -

but that there was some direct physiological effect involved - it affects
the ipseity of sight - burned its way through the flesh - nothing like
that had happened before, just those minor flashes you get at around 7 Hz
related to the epileptic, but this was something else - close cousin as
well - anyway - so there's the _stuff_ of video, _stuff_ of the original
tape itself, absolutely necessary as I said (reminds me of Brian Gysin,
you too?) - eye-stuff, sight-stuff - cut your teeth on it - so what's
equivalent _here_ - the addiction, say to CMC something else again, a
question of reading, loneliness, neuropsychosis (let me get away with
that) (let me get away with this) -

is it that inner speech - forgetting the reading - is it _that_ inner 
speech -

what happens when the light spills out, when the words spill out? what
happens when you read no more - Ganzfeld all the way, Ganzfeld coming
through - (get that audience in here) (prepare them for the worst) (hold 
their attention) (naked girls boys anything) (drugs whatever) - lights 
go down, curtains up - some sort of sound, pulsations - tell them what- 
ever you want - there's no bidding to do - not with the _stuff_ of light, 
the _stuff_ of sound - like a wave rave not like a Net, yet -

screen slivers cuts like hell molecular


