



Perfection of Theory


As physical/neurophysiological/astrophysical/cosmological theory decreases
bandwidth and tolerance, it tends towards greater complexity, remoteness,
and difficulty vis-a-vis human comprehension. It is not that diffcult to
see a catastrophic movement in this trajectory, one in which theory ulti-
mately escapes _understanding_ itself (no matter the definition of under-
standing here).. Reading, for example, Dennett's Consciousness Explained,
produces both a sense of accomplishment and defuge; the world greatly
_irreducible._ It's been repeatedly pointed out that computers are the
most complex objects ever produced; they're still several orders of
magnitude beneath that of the brain. As the machines themselves grow more 
complex, they become equally irreducible; as they grow to imitate the 
input/output functions of the brain, their own functioning becomes 
increasingly remote.

The point here is that the increasing _perfection of theory_ need _not_
equally increase our understand of ourselves or the world we live in (this
applies to the Internet as well of course). So I ask, what _would_ charac-
terize comprehension? Is it always to be secondary or tertiary - necessar-
ily beyond the average human's comprehension - which then requires several
degrees of translations heavily distorting the original? And if this is
the case, what constitutes the "average human" and hir comprehension for
that matter? 

_It's the end of the world as we know it_ - the possibility that the uni-
verse is deeply incomprehensible, that as theory approaches _perfection,_
it recedes, becomes incomprehensible as well. 


