



The Density of Death 


I have a small papyrus, framed, with a note stating it was bought in 1928
in Syracuse in Sicily. It is about 2" x 4" with a single image, perhaps a
votary. The hieroglyphics are rough; the sign for "homage" (?) seems a bit
legible and I can make out a few others, all using Budge's outdated dic-
tionary. There are four figures; on the right is a Pharaoh, throwned, with
a sun-disk; beneath him is a _sema-tawy,_ union of Upper and Lower Egypt.
He is faced by Thoth holding a scroll or papyrus; behind Thoth is Horus,
holding a _shut_ or feather, leading a man also holding a _shut._ This is
a symbol of death, also of Maat, goddess of Truth and Order, and the man's
_shut_ recognizes his life as such. Or so I read it in total ignorance.
There are three tables with papyrus clumps between the four figures. 

Outside there are identical stars. From my limited knowledge of the Mid- 
dle East to southeast, I am busy constructing myself walking in a semi- 
arid environment somewhere outside of Sumer. The triteness of all of this 
confounds me.

Not only confounds, but suffocates, for I am in Kingston, Pennsylvania, 
where I grew up, a small town across from Wilkes-Barre, in the heart of 
the hard-coal fields. (I collected Carboniferous fossils when I was a 
child.) More memories - the truth doesn't matter at all, only their nar- 
ratological import. The stories enter from the machine of the earth and 
repeat themselves within me. The machine in me listens, types this out.

This _is_ cyberspace, in apposition to the obdurate world. Narratolo- 
gical functions construct the stars, began my death thousands of years 
ago. I could go on; I already have.

_I am Cathy's Clown._


