


defuge, fifth and final section, explanations:


defuge refuge refuse defuse: _r.d/fu/g.s/e:_ writing the words over and
over again. effacement/sublimation/repression / incest/expulsion/scapegoat
- what differentiates defuge is the peculiar passivity that accompanies
it, the supine body, the fragility of the exposed underbelly.

rhyme chokes in the throat; the image withers the genitals; the half-read 
novel distresses, vis-a-vis _ownership,_ the reader: give the novel away, 
and the affect disappears. so that defuge is also connected with intro- 
jection, with an _economic investment_ of/within the body. nearer, no 
clearer.

always a sense of _failure_ in other words, the _thing_ construing (as in 
the _thing_ of depression) alterity, catching the subject up short. so 
there is a need to deflect/defuse: by passage of ownership among other 
means. the subject _renders itself passive_ in order to avoid dismember- 
ment, (degendered) castration.

it is also the dropping of recognition, of the proper name, of the object,
of the framing-device, of inscription, of circumscription, of the symbol-
ic. it is also participant in languor, in lassitude, in the flaneur, in 
nomadic wandering.

in my own adulterated view, defuge is connected with the hunt as well,
with the ravishment and devouring of the other, with propitiation. what is
used up, in this sense, in rhyme and the pornographic image, is life it-
self; the word or image no longer speaks: vanquished, it dissolves under
the gaze, returns to the material substrate, presents the gristle to the
frightened subject who has been transformed into witness. the half-read
novel as well is left for dead, exhausted. (there is also a connection
here with novelty/play: the image is played-with, the mind absorbs its 
structure within/without a kind of game - a learning-process related to 
the construct of intelligence. once the game is mastered, the subject is 
_at a loss,_ but not only the loss of an activated object: a loss which 
places the subject _within the realm of the passive,_ an approximation of 
his or her death. surely this is part of it.) surely this is part of it.

(and defuge enters into theoretical burnout, cyberspace burnout as well. 
the analysis becomes self-reflexive, choking. the term is _critical_ to 
analysis.)

"A great roar of thunder will come from within the light, the natural
sound of dharmata, like a thousand thunderclaps simultaneously. This is
the natural sound of your own dharmata, so do not be afraid or bewil-
dered. You have what is called a mental body of unconscious tendencies,
you have no physical body of flesh and blood, so whatever sounds, colors
and rays of light occur, they cannot hurt you and you cannot die. It is
enough simply to recognize them as your projections.  Know this to be the
bardo state." (Tibetan Book of the Dead, translation Francesca Fremantle, 
Chogyam Trungpa.)

defuge: in which the body gives itself away by transforming possession 
into paste.

