
dirty text

alt.fan.dirty-whores : newsgroup by Kathy-Jo from Pittsburgh with her
brilliant writing, taken over by violent spam. below is a culled
sample from approximately 2004-present, eliminating duplicate words.
it's this that depressing me most about this country: the association
of violence and sexuality, the abject of capitalism seeping through
everything, the slightest touch of virulant contagion.

Kathy-Jo left her group years ago.

sign in groups new topic home click on a star icon to add it 
your favorites recently viewed alt.fan.dirty-whores recent 
searches dirtywhores privacy - terms of service sharedpublicly 
many topics about gay white bareback anal prostitute post apr 
hey robby i saw craig'slizst / whores are needed who give suck 
and swallow services black males teamviewer/ammyyadmin slave pc 
online no taboo german/english pimp brothel trained need dirty 
degraded whore? see thelink? nice bitch apple ios worse than 
windoze. another hack succeeds. mythical "security"again proven 
fraud.  whore sissyfaggot shooter at washington navy yard, look 
libtard mediarunning away.  tennessee woman hospitalized after 
hiding $ , herrectum kathy-jo where you? mail headersokay, is 
she? still lookin for any near marion nc why obama & pelosi both 
lifetime members nambla's website? the arab democrat % tool 
being used as divisivesocial weapon.  lol...so obma was into 
blowing old men's meat whistleseh?lol...lol...lol!  raped 
pstench noidea d&d re: passed out wife fucked by my buddy hot 
mature pics ultimate porn archive midnight erotic free real 
sexmoviesvery pices girl !  fun "ass whores" <~~~ google group 
bottom animals list here engraving tool~~~ computer 
definitions~~~ how can get name removed? crack convention las 
vegas swallowed cum from mom's condoms pig 
situationmeshemale-transvestite top me discount lange sohne 
langematik big date dialals www.prettyreplica.com sale all kinds 
pretty replica watches! famous watches, luxury watches,discount 
watches,christmas gifts,cheap watches,luxury watches,very watche 
callsets clyde cash [ ] description( ) little wants daddy met 
slut-whore gary (garry) gerald lynn scarff didn't paid when he 
poundedbones shemale prostitues two very special homosexual 
prostitutes hire whats point?????  street sucking tjxzs.com.cn 
door + sex searchengine she got off rape!  crackho flippin 
oldest town happy halloweenie contrary world time downstairs let 
lick slurp tongue-fuck anus invade sanjay dutt punkrock stage 
where's beef liz nude slut_whore........please repost slut_whore 
i' m .. s l u t w f e.satanista humingbird gps requested more 
karen, trailer trash slut file sluttylook.jpg attachmentwife's 
magazine spread want complete article?  karen cover. 
holdingtits.jpg bluepanties.jpg rapejoie busted operation 
suddenfall deserved be raped?  pissthirsty piss 
drinkinghobbyschlampe roberta isthemmungslos call or diese heien 
ladies knnen von muschies nicht genug bekommen! livecams 
permanent online! needs horny daddymom du willst erotische 
bilder? fantasien? rollenspiele und dominanz?geniese die absolut 
geile gratis vorschau ------------ online----------- adult 
entertainment rassige stute sucht geilen hengst ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
galerien --- !!! heiss, geil mehr als +++ videopreviews??? girls 
toll aroundthose lovely laydies just can't enough cunts lick!  
does anyone here?  master seeks submissives ich schner wsche 
oder auch ohne ### videoscams permanently <> male asslicking 
cocksucking analfucking buyme!  wild female ? try asking nicely.  
love tits dolet lips you cam own firm wethole??juicy jasmin 
waiting gush tight ass??interested rape? 
m.a.r.l.b.o.r.o...c.i.g.a.r.e.t.t.e.s......anastasia, through 
disksstale filthy, attempts back it, sowing weakly.  cumthirsty 
blowjob artist deepthroatcockserver marlboro...cigarettes...for 
.  delivery usa europe .....tryhelping mountain's humble cobbler 
frederick will hate you!  anything please mende bilder, scharfe 
videos, livechat pics, videos freepreviews worlds traci lords 
dvds u.s. threesomes freaking great! keep eyes open stuff chat 
newsletter fwd: cheating whorewife .jpg k] calgary seeking 
dirty, perverted ongoing abusement,amusement greatest underrated 
guitarplayers fan speaks tramps, whores, sluts bimbos........ 
nudist fthese lisa calif. likes married blk cunt !!!!  abused 
attn: klement extremely first-class thumbnail indexes fugmi ties 
spanks thought should stop lurking webfind babeland hi we barbra 
dennis nudists u......( permanently! watch daynight!  schiebe 
mir gerade einen riesen prgel meine fotze, kannstlive dabei 
zusehen trains submissivebondage take erotik hardcore pur pic's 
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.. act now!mi persecution: options 
)troubling censorship issues )stand up speech )something every 
taste, flavour fantasyasian fetish anyone??????????!!!!!!!~ am 
liebsten schleck muschi meiner freundin aushappy year "sloppy 
seconds lords!"  ein paar seiten mit gratispics unscrupulous 
hobby bitch! offer feminine slaves sissy boys hottest finest now 
also playing themselvesopenairlatex rollenspil dominanz susanne 
finger herself panties dx-...@emailias.com pb...@lpart.fr 
wkhe...@lpart.fr looking area code kelcie: nntp server access 
zah submissive t.s cock durand natural power fab "traci 
lords...whore worlds"  u.s.! kenneth: graceful wil nigger men 
sexomatic wife.........comments !!  finnish video tinde whitemen 
if smells fishy eat it!!!  fucking comments ....  ebooks, ass 
firstparis hilton's music video... midtown nyc office girlfriday 
,bugger i'm wrong constuction guys truck drivers boycott 
gettysburgtampa basic more?  spill secrets sexylvania county, 
virginia, they're fewbadwomen!her new! ancient method enlarges 
penis inch weeks!  : better viagra, safe free!  inches penis... 
read story!  nice-looking ts funding...truckers construction 
workers # stephanie "  men--i have really fuck ~ barb chicago 
buxom young librarian loves getting with strangers right hernew 
volunteered job naughty girlie man's fantasy fucktoy confronted 
dilemma because hubby deployedoverseas handsome takes shopping 
helps pick aftermodel them him know notice smell taste wife's 
pussy gets work, yeah she's been clean her creampie putting show 
flashing wet spot amclassroom do bbw women? check wont 
disappointed*wink* ~barb~ r us maak van euro en meer!!!!! het 
werkt echt vollediglegaal!!!!!!!!!!!!  visits his forces play 
games wanton mama has extra large bouncing melons 
yournaughtyenjoyment hollywood inciter charmed movie, getalong 
gang movievoluptuous redhead asshole shy prim proper mrs. 
humiliated blackmailed slavehusband sexy devilish domme 
temptress lashing sorry asstill beg mercy barely legal cutie pie 
lil' cherry popped manwhile camping friends like slutty 
mouth?... hard chunk meat?  kinky wifey filled meathurry! 
mommy's toy box what sinfulpleasures await ;o)  pathetic boring 
cares work cunt,so yours wink*mother knows son peeks sleeps deep 
inside round mommy forced serve deviant well panty sniffer cream 
cleaner cuckold loser femme fatale whip rosy pale turn sweet boy 
pet busty fingered hubby's pals tubsays baby tastes 
likestrawberries college bimbo nailed professors seductive 
nympho blonde creamy hooters sloppy slit cheeks tigh brown tell 
hurt lot slide hugething virgin kitty???  hooter "soccer mommy" 
cocks around they anychance late night slides down cute anyway 
want! holes ready enjoyed awayi've become best cocksucker knows, 
feeds load yummy spunk gorda culona y tetuda quiere ser tu puta 
~barb u.....freepics bored housewifey hood car rim me! rape fist 
juicy mostsensitive part bodyfather yells over bad lil'i've 
pulls pinkready perfect femdom experience life syssy boy? long 
spunk...want skirt peek cummy panties?  brings buddies 
loser!dominatrix diva make submissivehumiliation tranny babe 
feel under magicstick blow messy face titsextremely a's doing 
nasty favor pee peekthats doesnt wear short nightycaught son! 
serves put sexylvania, girls! going hung lovers left freshly 
favors gamessays extreme taboo! personal stories south, 
toldsassy uninhibited southern belle vixen hairiest wettest you, 
shoot extrathick latin bush wiggles sitting daddy's lumpy lap 
i'll want, but dont mommy-cuckold-nympho wife-teacher-dress 
up-wicked stepmother pull blond hair force throat 
gag!irresistible forcing hubbies intocuckoldom humiliation 
bitchstrange wife...curious wearing so way rubs grinds against 
bare long!  turned hormones snatch times heavy say yes 
perverteddesire may father bubbly next pinkiest, plumpest you've 
everseen ;o)!  secret....she soaking lactating boys!!!  
m.i.l.f. bombshell knockers private chunky butt latina doggy 
*woof* woof*fat pussy, strict mistress outifit bringputita de 
puerto rico joder contigo hasta que te vengas dsffdshsandy 
......... momma lonely creams thinking she-male makes lollipop 
coed treated professorit!!!  miniscule excuse dick shove suburbs 
housewife servecocks spank soft bubble buttshy several day 
specially warm weenie wish desperately that could hotties perky 
boobies justnasty dildo trainning losers interesting 
namecocksucker q@e ***hot this ohyeah throbbing steamy encanta 
hablen sucio digan lo soyprincess dump mouth daddy'sright. 
voluptuous transex hottie package gives lessons cook bi 
escortsammed she...@cat-sidh.net girlfriend posting "...free web 
site small dicked-hubby sub hubbie www.pctracker.ca emanuel 
missouri beat cockwhore jizz...want jesus ............  maid 
hairy offering "cleaningservices"...some help?  brothers had 
knees licking their harddicks advantage cherry! pop it?housewife 
works masseuse business men, soothe musclesspecially one between 
legs m.i.l.f.bombshel underaged fantasies, like'em, daddy?  
heatbusty mind performing "favors"  tiny butts?...cum mine bang 
hard!!!gramp's touched "strange" ways during swimming 
lessons...he'smistress bring ripe popped!craving discipline? use 
ownexclusive slave?  tit stepson!secret desires? tittied 
mini-van soccer dreaming always cumslut girlfriend!headed 
ripping puckered willing look!son cuties delicious taking care 
babiesthere's nothing won't (old young)  she- honey dripping 
wet, boy?buxom bodacious strap 
training-forcedfeminization--enema-scat-snuff-bestialitygoes 
baby!  lady neighborhoodmaid hotel guestsripped rosebud mushroom 
head can!  wonderful rough behind jigglefresh jizz monster super 
m.i.lf.. smooth wondeful evil strip nakedskanky studs, asshole!  
playful stick dicks older ;-)use bukkake party using strap-on 
-cock test bulging covers boy!lovely goddess cuckolds freshseed 
juiciest gg melons??fill teasing neighbors walk making doubleg's 
bounce puberty generous me, "naturalattributes"  said fantastic 
everyone, clueless cuck afternoon student stay class?  
bitches"special" babies, thatswhy come more!  everyone seducing 
daddiesbodacious studs pretends asleep grind touch 'her' magic 
teacher slut/whoredominating mold creay poor woody peeking 
pussy?bed teach nurture....remember best!!!  grandpa wanting 
watched gramp's, uncle banged violently showered suprise hole 
boy, hot, whore!  dangerous curves seduce limits hedonistic 
twisted dreamsgorgeous finds bed sleeping mischievous stroking 
gangbang since innocent never ever no, "good obedient girl"  
total letting drivingtownfat bends spreads plump 
feminization-strap training-enema-scat-snuff-bestialityguy 
titties, sons do!ms gulf coast blowjobs whileboyfriend 
stimulates her.  laughs sissified dickless husbands 
yourselfbeing trampluscious fucks tighter most 
pussiescommunicable diseases? feeling lonely, wanna jump 
her?jizzday, freak night!obey ass!cummed drive fours plowed 
nonstop elegant too mommy-cuckold-cheating talk you. lets 
practice theirfucking feminization-strap-on yr sitter silly 
tran-sex rideuse pimping desirehave!  showing dad's me?  tits, 
curvy workingbottom!scream it! slut!hello mesy abuse i- iso 
rigtruckers jugs??  boobiesservicing shag "obedient 
fleshybombshellwith privatetrained bumhole!!!  sees those stains 
leave breasted art perversion sexualdepravation leather dress 
french outfit shows you'll probably trying in!  such sick slut! 
sametimeenjoy you'veimagined good wicked undies?  merciless 
dicked pigs spanking pounding whipping lash until mercydelicious 
m.i.l.f :o)comes lusciouspeek,thats nighty!giving away hand 
administer lashes twat adores hor... bukkakke veymomma's stretch 
readyto cowgirl ride milk squirting ddd cuptitties 
pervertsfriendlusty religious outside, inside!  sub-urban 
housewife, gotten attention, taken fulladvantage skank brother 
fucked! front teen snuck room learn an experienced womanflirting 
precocious gangbanged gorgeous titties creamedoverwhat pivateone 
beg!boy's huge education helping toy?saucy son's pampered 
princess teases jiggling tushharsh deserve sexual horse studsat 
humilite yim ages you're wasted smelling panties!  whore...see 
mean say,"that's fuck!"  available cyber young!peepee motel 
thats ready!  fuck, realtor buying clientssniffing mammy's moist 
sit mamma bien bellaka puta, salir cojer pinga cuando mi 
esposotrabaja frat palsslutty, whorish things you?brand fucker!  
suburbanneighborood feels satisfied mrs alone massive addicted 
parties... without :-)dreams? peverted slut. tummy!!!spot seem 
enjoy cleavage gg's each side peep stocking feet perhaps allow 
rubdickie fuckers lolita gang-banged pool fratoversizeddolorita: 
intuitive postings uc bul ub id raunchy jerking teaching younger 
bothers melike devil heatamericaseen!exposing slut...see wet,is 
sir tender cherry!dear rec.sport.baseball.fantasy readers 
specialty baby, jugs puppies hang bendreceivng harsh 
chastisement behavior smack bitch, whore, cunt, horn cumming 
much cheaper therapy medicine legal, cheatedknows!park bench 
flash hangers freely homeand looser!  spunk'naturalattributes' 
teenage couple...wife shareeasymoney! listen forum slagging img_ 
somebody not vfjghj man thanks patience hear grouphookers film 
www.toypn.com dating contactme.......... cf bulboustitties?! 
heidelberg, beer. stephy.......slut-whore cd-r, dvd r, cases 
lowest price!here smokinggun sex. is. gun. dennis.........nude 
bi-sexual dominatrix couple anna [asp] requestinformation 
cleveland buffalo cd wildside weekend enlarge exterminating jerk 
our waaaayyy hands pb carol dc (asp) question erection problems? 
harden erections length steelpipe! hardens zoroastrianism, 
normism declaration heaven earth (march mexico( inches)  
guaranteed!rock ot: hilton // dwf men! phone latino/blackdicks 
pay less )/ /feb damnit, whores?!  whores,whores!!/ pittsburgh 
made long!!!... story!!!  strengthens last alternative 
phaloplasty......................  smm tried enlargement pills. 
drugs.................d ht maripaz.jpg like's there sucked 
spreadingwifepixallovertheweb /slutty flipsake feline zaza 
machinesfem cock!! amazing whores!  michigan meet swingers crap 
mf| enoug photos "cockeyed"  weeksneeds flange th opinion 
australianmeet !!!!!!!!!  f-u-c-k help sitecentral fl guy 
floridayoungbitey???? testing, ignore ""  !!!!!fake babies line 
only!  marikastrmberg marika strmberg other `vv almost money 
whorepics whorepicsarnold schwarzenegger commits suicide rosie 
some harmless fun? studs! days pal! dresher, pa britney spears 
topless wow h o e suck!!  photo.why? toilet bowl drowns bath tub 
accident amber &amp;  tre introducing amber...were caught 
fucking?cock-whore delete elaine posts biteing budgies bucks 
now!$$$$$$ saggy-tits-whore message america's students: war, 
draft, future swings re steve chaney failed hold c average 
college, asked wanted ltr eternal sunshine whorellamundane 
kassin it's niagara falls collander... texas niagra sink full 
gangesa-fumble keys there's morningwonderfalls heads discreet 
handicapped musicians drop-incenter someone verify 
www.dirtytights.co.uk please? bewebsite.  phoneim 
door(marybarlow)  free...!!!  out, list! spearsnude 
www.gonnagetcash.com undies! big?  damn thing hot!!  escort 
swingingprofiles sexy, hunt....  awesometoys (asap) exchange 
info chattanooga prosmassparlors!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  tn mass 
parlors stacy seen north dakotalust toys slowroxanna, repeated 
andria stretching spywareinfection telford raven blackbane's 
shame please, nz escorts opportunity hi.  place 
ejaculateretest...  pre-opt /okla]sex... zealand funding game 
boobygirl 's mirror! time... ac okla-city 