


Absence of Industrial Base, Clear Glass Bowl with Molded Base


When telecom comes into the valley, and there's no industrial base, then 
the machines are from what kind of god or manufacture - and are the 
changes more or less in relation to tacit knowledge? For telecom arrives 
outside of time and history, telecom comes beyond the gears, belts, and 
pulleys, invisibly molded in something humming over the wires, never 
quite present. Berger's packets of modernization carry nothing in this 
regard, there's no class-consciousness, there's closed envelopes sutured 
with the organic, the smooth feel of the keyboard, never the industrial.

Surely the result is a form of prosthetic shamanism, the fetish of the 
sense or sensory body-part, as suddenly sight becomes sight-of, hearing 
becomes three-dimensional. Think of the contusion, trepanning, the ad- 
mixture of epistemologies, and think of the shamanic shimmering among 
realms interspersed with ghosts, innumerable illusions everywhere. This 
is a form of clarity completely ignorant to ourselves.

Rereading Euripides' Medea, written in his early years, in the midst of
the formation of drama itself, then returning to Muller's work on Medea,
reminding us - of the exhaustion of human emotions, and of their limited
stirrings at the same time. No longer living, we exist, enumerated, sculp-
ted by savage cuts; the reach of the lurid, branding and scarred skin,
draws us within the museum of interiority. Prosthetic shamanism has col-
lapsed, every sight and sound has infinite history, culpability; the
machine itself joins the ranks of victims. What was brought to the valley
was a distant memory of ourselves, our beautiful debris which speaks only
to those who are unspoken. 

