



Early Queendoms of the Cyberspheres


From Maxim Gorky, The Lumiere Cinematograph, in The Film Factory, Russian 
and Soviet Cinema in Documents, 1896-1939:

"Yesterday, I was in the kingdom of the shadows.

"If only you knew how strange it is to be there. There are no sounds, no 
colours. There, everything - the earth, the trees, the people, the water, 
the air - is tinted in a grey monotone; in a grey sky there are grey rays 
of sunlight; in grey faces, grey eyes, and the leaves of the trees are 
grey like ashes. This is not life but the shadow of life and this is not 
movement but hte soundless shadow of movement.

"I must explain, lest I be suspected of symbolism or madness. I was at 
Aumont's cafe and I was watching the Lumieres' cinematograph - moving 
photographs." ...

"Their smiles are lifeless, although their movements are full of living 
energy and are so swift as to be almost imperceptible. Their laughter is 
silent, although you see the muscles contracting in their grey faces. 
Before you a life surges, a life devoid of words and shorn of the living 
spectrum of colours, a grey silent, bleak and dismal life.

"It is terrifying to watch but it is the movement of shadows, mere
shadows. Curses and ghosts, evil spirits that have cast whole cities into
eternal sleep come to mind and you feel as though Merlin's vicious trick
is being played out before you. It is as if he had cast a spell over the
entire street, compressing its multi-storied buildings from their roof-
tops to their foundations to minute size. He has compressed the people to 
correspond, depriving them of the power of speech and merging all the 
colours of the earth and the sky into a monotonous grey."

Merlin is half-born, half present, always already ghost herself, pregnant 
with words in the queendom of cyberspace. The future would have already 
been had one but known it: When we expect the unexpected, things continue 
in the form of the same; when we expect the same, we find alterity.

