


dread nighttime fear, theban


dread nighttime fear of memory loss, words slandered into one another's
toes, origins conflated with goals. why do i dream of splintered bones. 

angels are another woman's desire, twin lips of amethyst drawn towards a
corrugation centered on downhill. follow the wadi, a sea will surely arise
and smite thee. dynasty zero, dynasty sub one, scorpion king began it all. 

the river creases the desert, lower and upper disheveled, mucous forms 
in the eddies lapping gold azure. where my legs join my legs. parasites
distend my form into human scars. they seize the nightmare, ride her. 

i have lost everything, dragged behind horses and scorpions. my arms weave
in the sand, quartz glints against sight honed down into all too pure
translucency. what if i lose my skills at thinking. what if i no longer
comprehend protocols, the shimmer of keys, knobs, levers, machineries
moving languages across unspoken spaces. my legs crack open sullenly, huge
divisions of eternal egyptian spaces. 

i move close to eternity, i suck the teat of egypt's three thousand. what
looks down upon me are the clusters as the mediterranean spreads its cul-
tures, violation fabrics against that unmistakable odor of cunt and cock
smeared against the central desert's nilometer measuring taste, sweat,
adhesion. i will die when the writing stops, gazelle against insurgent
heat, lapis lazuli. god screams through the pores of me. i will die
everyone's death, wait and see and be seen.

ka, i will die, wait and see and be seen. ka, i will be creased, folded,
welded to the sand. ka, i will write forever. ka, i will remember every-
thing. caw, i will have been foretold. caw, i split the skin of the mummy.
caw, i wrap myself hard in the hard sand against the hard sun. 

caw, blinded, i am an angel. caw, sucking my teat, my labia cover the
mediterranean. caw, i will write forever, caw, caw, caw


