



Post-Colonial


I'm known as a "big man" and my chest swells when I hear it. My muscles
are hard as a rock, not like that sissy Houdini who couldn't take a blow
to the stomach because he wasn't watching. (MY MUSCLES RIPPLE.) Of course
you're ALWAYS watching if you're a man; sissy-boys don't watch because
they've got other things to do. I ALWAYS watch; IRON is my middle name. My
thighs could crack your head. I've seen danger, seen things you wouldn't
believe; I don't want to scare you with TALES ABOUT THE NATIVES, but I
tell you, THEY'RE ANIMALS. If it wasn't for me, you wouldn't be here. As
someone said, YOU CAN NEVER TELL WHO'S COMING OVER THE HILL. The world's
going to be like that; YOU KNOW WHO'S REPRODUCING. 

Better let them TO THEIR OWN DEVICES, I always say. They haven't got a
chance in hell. Why, did you hear ONE OF THEM READ THE BIBLE UPSIDE-DOWN.
Might as well been standing on HER HEAD. IT would have looked better THAT
WAY. I'd like to beat the crap out of them.

They get me MAD MAD MAD. They have all sorts of noise-making stuff like
DRUMS. My CHEST scares the HELL OUT OF THEM.

Their women are beautiful and brainless. THEY LOVE ME. I could crack their
necks just like that. I wouldn't think twice about it. My breasts are like
IRON. There's a SAYING MY MUSCLES HAVE MUSCLES. The women like to feel
them. I can't KEEP THEM AWAY FROM ME.

Sometimes I wander in their villages. THEY NEVER KNOW I'M THERE. I'm RAM-
ROD straight like a roofpole. THE ACT OF BEING INVISIBLE IS BEING FULLY
OBVIOUS. NO ONE HAS EVER ACCUSED ME. I ALWAYS SHAVE.

I have no ILL INTENT and bear no GRUDGES. I have enough on my MIND. THESE
PEOPLE WOULD HAVE DISAPPEARED A LONG TIME AGO IF IT WASN'T FOR ME. I'm
their PROTECTOR.

YOU KNOW WHO I'M TALKING ABOUT. The world's full of lurkers. MY BODY IS
THE COLOR OF PERFECT BRONZE. I KNOW HOW TO STAND UP AGAINST ANYONE. You
should see MY ARMS RIPPLE.

Never forget it.


