


Account


First there were the children with their devices on the steps of the
marble staircase in the ruined city. Second, there was the blond blue eyed
vacant boy on the staircase, touching me, clawing at me. Third, there were
the darkened portentious skies. Fourth, there was the necessary medicine I
took because of contamination. Fifth, there is the interior room with dim
fluorescent lighting, and the nurse and linoleum floor. Sixth, there will
be her leaving, her name is Angela, up the staircase in the back, to the
second storey. 

First, there is an _unutterable sensation_ on my face. Second, there will
be flesh sloughing from my cheeks. Third, a thin tube of blackened, almost
charred, skin fell from my finger. Fourth, more tubes fall, cracked, dead,
flaked, finger after finger. Fifth, everywhere across the chest. Sixth,
the new skin will be contaminated. Seventh, the new skin awoke in pain. 

First, this begins the third story. Second, I will awake thinking _this 
is metaphoric cyberspace._ Third, I recognized the conundrum: A dream 
accompanied by _inescapable meaning._ Fourth, there is the unraveling, 
decryption, always at work in the most mundane _sensation._ Fifth, I knew 
only that _the real shuddered itself into existence._

First, the shuddering implied resonances, peaks, bandwidths, fast fourier
transforms and their emerging graphs. Second, inscription hardened the
resonances _in the eyes and ears of the beholder._ Third, _description_
was the most common mode at work. Fourth, I type with bandaged fingers,
practically skinless, screaming silently, hordes of _vacant_ children
hovering over my shoulders. Fifth, I would _not_ be found out, _having
made a promise to the real._

First, I will count my _lucky stars_ ...


