



Where " and ' and .


Alan is named "Clara" and "Clara" is the name of Alan. "Alan" is the name
of object #[ ]. The object #[ ] is the name of a file or fileset. "#[ ]"
is the name of the object. The object is directly addressable. If I refer
to the object, I refer to it by one of the names in the chain, "#[ ],"
"Alan," "Clara." The object is a lure or locus, intensity likewise chained
into language. Language is all there is. 

The _object_ is owned by its parent, subsumed by its parent; the hierarchy
exists within a directory (MOO or other) within a machine whose director-
ies are ultimately root. Root also has total privileges, those of a super-
user. Root is \. The (MOO or other) directory utilizes operating system
protocols, including those of _names_ themselves, declaring itself a di-
rectory within the system residing on the hard drive. The (MOO or other)
directory is activated, generating a succession of events over time. 
Events are defined by changes within one or more directory files. Check-
pointing and uptime count, for example, constitute events. 

The time is discrete and clocked, and there is always a minimal unit. A
major difference between _this_ space and the other, is that here, _the
object "Alan" is utilized to activate Alan. Alan may be activated by
keyboard input, or by another internal object or sequence of events. The
keyboard input is translated into internal input, so that all input within
and without the MOO, in fact, is internal, and generated within a coherent
interiority. For example, my password "xyz" from my keyboard is compared
within the MOO to my re-entry, and this internal agreement activates ob-
ject "Alan" as anyone can see by completing a @who on the MOO. Of course
this depends on "Alan" referencing Alan, as opposed to "Clara"  referenc-
ing "Alan" referencing Alan, or I may be logged on under another name
altogether, which, on the MOO, is not a pseudonym, but an exact character
with a life of her own. 

Note that _all objects_ are sequences of events, including _initiation_ 
by interior input layered from keyboard input. Note that, in another 
sense, the _meaning_ of "Alan" is Alan, but that Alan is "Alan" as the 
name of the object #[ ] and therefore names are all the way down. This is 
not necessarily the constitution of meaning by difference, but by refer- 
ence within a system in which all referents are constituted by language.

It is the _login_ and _password_ which constitute the narrow funneling of
interior and exterior, between worlds and languages and material sub-
strates. Now the _login_ may be, and usually is, one or another name in
the chain of names. It is here that one can _speak_ of a rigid designator,
the name intertwined with the constitution of the world. But rigidity it-
self is problematic, since it is unclear whether there is world or worlds,
and what would constitute one or another of them; with the inflationary 
universe, it is no longer necessary to even postulate interconnectivity 
(not to mention what lies within black holes or outside Minkowski cones). 

It would take Willard Quine to sort this out, denotation and connotation, 
referent and reference, interior and exterior, signifier and signified, 
single and double and triple articulations, sense and meaning, metaphor 
and metonymy, the uneasy apparition of language all the way down, de- 
cathected but constituted by difference, churning through to the estab- 
lishment of (psychological, psychoanalytical) domains, read as such, at 
the least, by creatures whose minds increasingly appear _otherwise._


