

You see a man coming down the street towards you. And you are wary of this
man, and this man is full of drugs. He is full of drugs and does not know
which way is up but he can walk fine and when he has to, he can talk fine.
But he is full of drugs and perhaps he thinks he is a bandit, which makes
him a bandit, or thinks he will kill someone, which makes him a killer.
You see this man and you think he is a man but he is drugs and he is a
drug man and you think he is like a machine because he is not like you and
he is not like a man who is a killer or a bandit because he is a man or a
drug man and he thinks different walks different talks different but they
are all fine. 

And you look around and you see there is another man and maybe there is a
woman and maybe there are drugs or there are no drugs but they are all
fine and they all think different. And they can talk fine and walk fine
and perhaps they think they are killers or bandits or waiters or nurses or
lovers or humans but they are waiter human or killer human or lover human
or they are not. And then what is a man, that he is a man, and what is a
woman, that she is a woman, or they are not. And I will call them avatars
because they are or they are not human, and I do not know what you will
call human who is lover human or drug human or what is morphine human sex
human, or what is loving human or hating human. I do know when I see a man
coming down the street and his eyes are not his eyes and I do mean that,
that I am afraid of avatars because they do not know my name and I am al-
ways writing human, always writing. And they are reading nothing and they
are drug. 


