

Jennifer


Jennifer sat at home with the rage of a QFN, Quiet Friday Night. She
pulled off her frock and went to the talker, no one there, not even a
stalker. I laughed, said Jennifer, at the stupid rhyme, not at the crime. 
Travis nodded; Jennifer remembered he was dead. She tried the MOO too. 
Alone on the MOO, she wandered for a moment, adjusted her hemline, pulled
on her stockings, smoked a cigarette, went to the bathroom, returned to
the laptop, checked the email again, saw nothing of interest, some bugs on
the side of the screen, another stupid coding post. She felt so stupid.
She kicked off her shoe. She felt so stupid. She kicked on her shoe.
Friday night TV sucked. Suddenly there would be a noise and then the Net
Genii emerged and took her on a magical tool of the World Wide Web. Laugh
laugh, the cigarettes weren't that funny. Once she had funny cigarettes
and knifed her sister. Her sister died. So much for funny haha, Jennifer
mused. 

Jennifer stopped the muse and hunted IRC, the naughtier the better. She
tired of the tables and guys. She tired of her frock on and off and didn't
do it with *pussy catcher* and sent email. The email bounced around, hit 
her on the head. It had plans for Kill-Delete, New-Bot. She screwed with 
neo-soft.com, kicked off 979 channels, flooded everyone. She changed her 
tampax, oh how exciting. Oh how boring. Her mother and father fell over 
with strange trees growing out of their backs. Travis was so stupid.

Jennifer drew great circles in the air, arms whirling furiously. She drew
more circles and worked a sweat in. She smoked a cigarette, legs draped
over the chaise lounge. Jennifer sang, I am here, I'll have a beer. She
fell asleep angry. She danced the rock and roll. Her little brother got a
sword in his skull. She did ytalk with a stranger, bounced her frock with
velocity. Bing bing. The night cracked open with a nap.


