


Talk the Walk, Walk the Talk


Mr. Right

I am watching a talk show about finding "Mr. Right." Should the woman ask
a man out or should a man ask a woman out? Should the man answer a person-
al or should the man leave a personal? Should a man be a man and should a
woman be a woman? 

Mr. Wrong

There are Mr. Wrong accounts including a man covered in Saran Wrap, a
sadist, and a ten-most-wanted. There is a book describing what a woman
should do.

What a Woman Should Do

I'm not sure about this but I think it's being fairly passive on the sur-
face, in order to _trap_ a man. Do you want _real_ love? Then you need to
be _real._ Someone comes on and says if you are desperate you will never
find Mr. Right. The secret seems to be to not be desperate if you are des-
perate. If you're starving, pretend your stomach is full. 

Everyone is Talking at Once

Everyone is talking at once. There are two books competing with each oth-
er. "Take the risk of being real." The words "real" and "really" seem to
be in love with each other. Is it real?

One of the Books is Called

Finding True Love. This is _real_ love as opposed to _false love._ Grand
Passion:

Two friends of mine in New York, one 49, one 54, no longer want Grand
Passion. Therefore they do not want Real Love. (Actually this doesn't hold
but it _comes through in further elucidation._

Cyberspace

_All bets are off._ There are no rules except those of syntax. People
stumble over one another. Because whatever happens almost always begins
with virtual subjectivity, there is a different form of intentionality at
work, right from the start - one found primarily in the _nightclub:_

Cyber-Intention

The nightclub exists in the maw of absolute darkness. What appears, ap-
pears by virtue of the artificial, desire, artificial desire (which is not
to say, not real). The nightclub is the _locus of intention_ - I reveal
precisely what I want you to see; half in and half out of the shadows, a
nipple appears, almost invisible, controlled (uncontrolled, disparate,
dissolute). In Cyberspace, words take on an ontic status, which I define
as _wryting,_ displaying/splaying/playing packets from one to another.

Packet Display

Packet display: Virtual subjectivity as textual production. Elsewhere I
talk about _hysteric embodiment,_ the wryting as tropological, splayed for
deconstruction - an other other emerges. (This is not subtextual, but a
skittering across and through surfaces.) What I intend to give you may not
be what you read in/of me. The "me" may or may not be present at all.

Mr. Ms. Fuzzy

We're all fuzzy here, the extrusion of probabilities, construed in and
through the judgement of the other. The real is as problematic as post-
modernism's hyper-constructions of it. The world - which is all that is
the _case_ (Wittgenstein, my emphasis), is literally the _case_ of _a_
world, not only construct, but also judgement. (See various possible
worlds arguments from the 1980s.) Just as Mr. Right may not be _right,_ 
so identity, beginning here vis-a-vis virtuality - but extending also 
into physical reality - _may be such always by virtue of negotiation,_ 
and continuous negotiation at that. 

I Pass

I pass then to a future of such negotiation, remarking on the constant
labor necessary to maintain illusions, no matter how true, false, fuzzy. 

And I End

And I end this, with the end of the talkshow (those liminal moments when
raw capital exerts itself, effortlessly, without the labor necessary to
maintain illusions, no matter how false), and the beginning of the evening
news, always already televisiual, digitial, a presence to which I will
shortly _abandon myself_ ...


