



What Makes the Semio Tick


What a difference ten years makes; I'm (re)reading Marshall Blonsky's On
Signs, a collection of works devoted to semiotics - it's thundering out
like crazy, violent rain, uncontrollable rain, signifying nothing - and
there's such comfort in the essays (de Certeau, de Man, etc.) - the uni-
verse is clarified, almost a Ptolemaic reading of things, maternality in
the range of circles, differences - as if 'what would be a sign in cyber-
space' so clearly references the signified, no problem at all, a leap into
or across the virtual - raining harder here than ever before - so that the
sememe, swollen and choratic to be sure, nonetheless retains a sense of
comforting foreclosure (the charges laid against the _field_ shortly
thereafter) - arguing from signs down to the real - Susan Meiselas' pho-
tographs in the same book contradicting, providing evidence, labeled
'Figure 1' 'Figure 2' etc. - in fact, unlike those texts labeled postmod-
ern, there's a _delight_ in the book, in Eco and Barthes of course as well
(both represented) - where is the _delight_ in the current apocalyptic;
how long can cynicism, Critique of Cynical Reason, extend itself, as if
_tumescent_ - the street's flooded - where are the _signs_ as well (we're
out there, mouths open to the elements, speaking, imploring, soaked to the
skin) - I remember somewhere in Barthes' The Fashion System, the move from
object to description, entity to language - there are all these _moves_ in
fact to the plane of signification which is always already virtual - it's
there that the anecdotal disappears, the lurid as well - think of anecdote
and rumor as _wryting,_ construed in relation to the designation of the
proper name - or as obscenity, the problematic of difference, referent -
but within language, or the plane of advertising, within difference (and
not the difference of general recursion but primitive recursion at best) -
there comfort lies, _that maternal_ making the rain disappear, the laptop
dry, joy in each and every sign, and enough electricity - surely - to last
the night away!


