
-


Fourth Exit in Brooklyn


I'm sitting here on the last car of the Number 2-train going from Man-
hattan to Brooklyn, and there is a woman, about 30, sitting next to me,
slightly dark-skinned, nice figure, and she's reading this now and, hello
(she's smiling now, you should see her!) and - this is going to be a post
sent out on the Internet - and

I could talk, she asks what on earth I'm doing, her eyes are beautiful! 
Wow! (She says thank you and) - I'm writing this description of stuff and 
I'm going to send it out on the Internet and everyone will know how smart 
and beautiful you are - no I don't really know if you're smart (she asks 
me laughing) but I bet you are (now I FEEL STUPID) - sorry, well, I'm not 
used to this any more than you are - I'm not sure you're not really in 
control, oh - oh what's your name? She says

Her name is Francis, that's an old-fashioned name? Francis McHenna - are 
you related to Terence - forget how to spell that - oh never mind, but I 
got it right, yes? Would you like me to write something for you that 
everyone will read on the Internet? (We're at Fulton Street.) Hi Mom and 
Rose and are you sure everyone will read this? Of course, absolutely 
everyone? And Tom, see you soon from Francis McHenna - Tom's your boy- 
friend? No, he was, I'm not seeing anyone now.

Oh, you're not? Really? Don't you feel ridiculous typing like this? I
guess so, but it's going out over the Oh please, you're not going to keep
up with this, well I gotta go, bye (we're down near South Ferry so I guess
she lives on Staten Island), no, just visiting Mike out there. Oh. Well,
the seat's empty and the battery is low and I guess I better go, I get 
off in another four stops.


