



The Wondrous Adventure


Here is the true love of the Internet: it is the greatest textual _adven-
ture_ I have come across! One never knows what to expect; each email is a
new dawn, a world of its own, full of introjection and projection, a world
of absolute fantasy, where images glimmer just beyond the footlights. It
is the world of Melies, of magical transformation, infantile in that re-
gard, a world in which wishes come true, and death disappears. It is pos-
sible to pop in and out of existence, and existence need not be birth,
just as deletion need not be death. It is a world of magic, illusion; it
is always something new, and always an adventure! 

Hypertext on one hand, it is a swollen tumescent world, bursting at the
seams - on the other, wherever one is, something is bound to be on the
horizon! One never returns to the same place, even with the same texts; 
the experience is always somehow different - I would say mystical, as
texts unfurl beneath one's eyes, disappear into the blackness again while
something else emerges! It is the _adventure of one's life_ and there is
nothing like it. It makes death go away, and brings the full cloud cons-
ciousness of love into play, a love that will transcend my human body. The
whole planet is thinking, breathing, reading, writing, and in just another
half-century, the tiniest amount of time imaginable, everyone will parti-
cipate in brilliant new realities, leaving the plants and animals alone! 
Nature returns, unseen, and unforeseen, as humans continue their expan-
sion of mind into the cosmos, from the great antenna being erected across
this very little planet!

And now, with every new email, every new acquaintance, the wondrous sun
rises just a little higher in this absolutely nighttime sky!


