


               All the Love and Quiet Nights You Want Here


                              speaking  mouth
                              speaking  mouth
                              pillar of cloud
                              pillar of cloud
                              pillar  of fire
                              pillar  of fire
                               sucking mouth
                               sucking mouth
                               shitting hole
                               shitting hole
                               pissing  hole
                               pissing  hole
                               leaking vowel
                               leaking vowel
                               dripping  man
                               dripping  man
                               cumming woman
                               cumming woman
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                              speaking  mouth
                                     O
                               pissing  hole
                                     O
                               shitting hole
                                     O
                               leaking vowel
                                     O
                               sucking mouth
                                     O
                               cumming woman
                                     O
                               dripping  man
                                     O
                              pillar  of fire
                                     O
                              pillar of cloud
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                                     O
                               cumming woman
                               dripping  man
                               leaking vowel
                               pissing  hole
                               shitting hole
                               sucking mouth
                              pillar  of fire
                              pillar of cloud
                              speaking  mouth


2.82


Pleasure


Does one lose the pleasure of talking on-line? Is this related to the lim-
itations of typing, to physically not wanting to engage in the labor, or
does it refer to something more fundamental, the feeling that the screen
is always barrier?

I find myself less and less able to converse on MOOs and talkers - that if
I begin, I must prepare for at least an hour's worth of typing. I again
tired of fictitious names, solo sex, the _silence_ in the room. And it
gets harder to read of others' pain (in CMC expressed freely), or type my
own - the exchanges after a while fall flat, collapse. It's as if no one
can help another, as if kind words must exchange silence for sound, as if
- as if - nothing...

But I think it's really the typing, this typing for years on end, replac-
ing chat itself; a kind of musicality is lost. Fingers begin to hurt, the
back and shoulders become uncomfortable, and sometimes there are visual
migraine flashes as the screen sets in. There's no languor; even lurking
requires the labor of reading, hanging onto the diegesis. There's no si-
lent presence, in other words - being with someone, side by side, without
speech or other interruption. Instead, one talks and talks, in order to
create presence or its ghost; silence becomes non-existence, disappear-
ance. Think of ytalk when lag sets in, the constant and pathetic "hello,
hello, are you there, are you able to read this, hello hello?" until the
text of the other, the other itself, reappears, and everything's wonder-
ful, the wound's sutured, and so forth and so on.

Sometimes I'd type during the lag or unavoidable crash, beginning with
talk's continuation, descending quickly into nonsense "so maybe we should
meet in April hello? hello? ah oh eeel sljdfljdslwler.... damnllkjdfl" -
echoing like an obscene Narcissus splashed wet with spit's reflection.

If my fingers begin their round of pain, I want them flashing on guitar,
tied behind my back, inserted, waved in the air, cupping water's resis-
tance, running on piccolo or ch'in. Or want them writing _this_ text, that
is, the doing of something left, shit-like, behind (heh, body shudders to
a halt, hey keep going: "ah oh eeel sljdfljdslwler.... damnllkjdfl") - the
realm of the fertilizer-senses...

There's no stillness; it's always _this,_ and _this_ is now at 3.7 mega-
bytes of ascii, all those ytalks, talkers, MOOs, MUDs, IRCs, POWWOWs,
Havens, talks, ntalks, emails, fingers worn to the bone, all the bones
uncanny, all the bodies ghosts, all the ghosts lurking, all the lurking
disappearances... one long ellipsis...

Talk talk talk .......................................................


