


Virtual Subjectivity in Descartes, Principles IX and X, in Principles of
Philosophy:


Principle IX.

_That corporeal substance, when distinguished from its quantity, is con-
fusedly conceived as something incorporeal._

Although however, some express themselves otherwise on this subject, I
cannot think that they regard it otherwise than as I have just said; for
when they distinguish substance from extension or quantity, they either
mean nothing by the word substance, or they merely form in their minds a
confused idea of incorporeal substance which they falsely attribute to
corporeal, and leave to extension, which they nevertheless call an acci-
dent, that true idea of this corporeal substance, and thus it is easy to
see that their words are not in harmony with their thoughts. 

Principle X.

_What space or internal place is._

Space or internal place and the corporeal substance which is contained in
it, are not different otherwise than in the mode of which they are con-
ceived of by us. For, in truth, the same extension in length, breadth, and
depth, which constitutes space, constitutes body; and the difference be-
tween them consists only in the fact that in body we consider extension as
particular and conceive it to change just as body changes; in space, on
the contrary, we attribute to extension a generic unity, so that after
having removed from a certain space the body which occupied it, we do not
suppose that we have also removed the extension of that space, because it
appears to us that the same extension remains so long as it is of the same
magnitude and figure, and preserves the same position in relation to cer-
tain other bodies, whereby we determine this space.

(Translation Haldane and Ross.)

