


VoyHir


I'm speaking at a conference on voyeurism this Friday, here in NY, in con-
junction with a show dealing with the subject at Franklin Furnace. The
panelists were given several questions to respond to - below are the ques-
tions (except for one dealing with funding the arts) and outline of re-
sponses.

Meanwhile, since I think of voyeurism as _not_ polar to exhibitionism (in
the same way that masochism isn't polar to sadism), locating such on the
Net becomes difficult. There are numerous consensual exhibitionist acti-
vities of all sorts (I've engaged in them, both text and image), on a
variety of applications ranging from CuSeeMe through IRC, IRC/dcc, MOOs,
MUDs, talker, etc. Their consensual nature transforms them into something
other than a voyeurism based on _prying,_ _secrecy_ - for example, a
glance into a neighbor's window, and what that might reveal (of course
there is also a dialectic involved here - the neighbor's recognition that
_someone is watching_). 

So I'm hard-pressed to discover what would constitute Net voyeurism; the
semi-private CuSeeMe sites I've been to have been closed, or private, or
empty, for example. Wizard or God snooping on various Net apps. would ap-
ply, as would the reading of Net sex texts illicitly (and probably ille-
gally) sent out to email lists, newsgroups, and the like.

At this point, I'm at a loss, which is part of the content of the presen-
tation. I will talk somewhat about the consensual side of things, hint at
the possibilities of hacking into text and image, and describe the kinds
of empowerment that Net sexuality (or other forms of exhibitionist behav-
ior) might entail...

Here are the three questions, then, and just the hint of an outline of a
response -


