


Jennifer _supra saltus_


Jennifer sat in her chair on a DNS, Domain Name Server, Dead Night Satur-
day. Outside the ice-scream truck drove-by shooting. She threw it in the 
asphalt, driver's cap floating to chocolate sprinkles surface. She took 
off her frock, did brown with the brown, chugged it down. Ugh Jennifer 
with a frown. Sugar made her sweet meat. 

Jennifer walked to the window, thought albatross around her neck. She
choked her cunt on the spot, dropped it in the boys' treetop tiptop house. 
They fought over the hair there. She grew another, lost a father. They are
so very stupid she said and lit a cigarette. She always smelled the smell
of her. 

She couldn't stand the sight or the hears, she cut out her eyes and cut 
off her ears. She grew them back. I am a girl, she said, but Wedekind was 
dead. She did the DNS for ten IPee's, everything was wet, she bet. It was 
the code load: "Don't use this software without permission. I'm serious. 
It's very very bad. This is probably one of the worst forms of Denial-of- 
Service attacks there is. [...] It's bad." She threw the cat a catnip 
rag, it lagged, scattered and scampered, disappeared in place without a 
trace, the route, a beaut. She unlocked, spread her frock. I'm open down 
below and my ears are shut like a hut, she said. She had a cauldron in 
her head.

This time, she'd see the TV. The phone never rang, bell never tolled, no
talk, ntalk, ytalk, why talk at all. A closed ship sailed on her hip,
sails unfurled like a curly girl. I'm Jennifer, she said. I'm Jennifer and
I'm still Jennifer, she said. Now I'm still Jennifer and I'm Jennifer now
and still Jennifer. She somersaulted back into the malted, licked herself
dry, sucked herself high, what a good girl am I, she said. And I'm Jenni-
fer and Jennifer, she said. And I'm Jennifer, she said, and went to dead
in her head, and went to bed. 


