From morrigan_nihil@YAHOO.CO.UK Fri Oct 24 22:47:47 2003
Date: Wed, 22 Oct 2003 16:28:46 +0100
From: Morrigan Nihil <morrigan_nihil@YAHOO.CO.UK>
To: WRYTING-L@LISTSERV.UTORONTO.CA
Subject: Alan's exe files

god.exe

flat roofed and sundrenched.  a vagina multiplies on the horizon, towering
the apartment blocks.  several clitori in hazy blue and hillock green, this
could be earth, the urethra shows water.  white lips vernix perspective.

abyss.exe

(large)
everything is forked, the two women, the tree, the pipes on the bag, snaked
tongued ribbons from the staff, the contentment.  the nipple staged as round
singularity, an event horizon.

america.exe

9/11 date floss, wrackish angle of the building, flagged, marked like a
leaning gravestone.  hysteria panic worm advances, burgeons, a burst
collective bowel pools, layers of screaming distress morph to hard edged
white noise.

archaea

moulded geology spikes out thrusts, except for, except for the ungilded
entrance, sleek and smooth.  from stage right epileptic modulation
progresses, an evolutionary  alzheimers.  furrows could be browed or
ploughed, perhaps a luddite loom or a roll top that's found the edge to
infinity.

archaea2.exe.

fungus.  the white glides across the screen like a slow dance with a knife
in its hand, obliterating.  bark pictures swing furiously, the door shows
there's always more behind than in front.  i can see how they built
pyramids.

archaea3.exe

look me in the eye, through condensation of convention and steam of
subconsious.  turn the dial and the radio will tune in to vascillating
opinions, see them pattern on their sides, rigid, repeating rhythm, pale
cyclical manifestation, this way, that way, a game of tennis with no balls.
BUT, as it progresses, the frontier is being pushed.

archaea4.exe

angular hole, darkness inside.  the reach across is a child's fingers, eager
to poke, push and explore.  perhaps though an old face, folded, a gaping
mouth, the intrusion as shadow of death, until it covers and ensures a final
silence.

archaea5.exe

the ovum right of centre.  spermatozoa flicking down the screen,
anhomogenous flow.  the edge is serated, to know a bread knife cut. reaching
the bottom of the screen a shark fin dives.  vertical marching pillar, the
edge of jackboot legs.

one blue dot.

archaea6.exe

tree gap lake.  something sets as slowly lids fall shut, but out of the
corner the point shuffles forwards.  white flicking lines, the consumption
of the spider wrapping
it's prey in white threads until completely entombed and then consumed, the
seeming full blankness at the close, and then the command.

archaea7.exe

boiler, harsh lines, spikey, like eletrical cable that snaps
and flicks white voltage, but also in some ways like those funny thread
pictures that people make of yaght sails with nails.  the spaces between
bursts was unpredicatable, a
vicious thrashing, but perhaps that was the rivetting behind that lent a
certain eloquent malevolence.  disappeared with no end prompt, to leave a
certain sense that it had stopped, like electricity and industry just does,
tripped out rather than switched.

archaea8.exe

wounded blue heron, intensity, colour vibration.  snow white coverage,
flakes as cells, graphically and  biologically, a gentle burial.  decaying
black, life transmogrified into colourless data, where there was everything,
now there is nothing.

archaea9.exe

a finger print of ever decreasing circles.  a projection of earth and water.

aus.exe

severe - but nothing happened.

axis.exe

turbine, lightglow on shredding.  axis<>restart, kill axis ok.  evil and
then the computer crashed.

baby.exe

shocked and wide eyed as the white saws cross for the coffin to be made.
mirrored through time, facets of everything, obliteration moves like the
stampede of tiny feet, and then repetition, of children in speech and the
work to keep them, and then childish, watching the clouds join up or
thinking of how the continents split.  techtonic.

ballet.exe

hard wired look away, a pirouette frankenstein, but that is you, not her.
she smears to decomposing doll, the heart rate monitor freezes and she is
sawn in half before becoming a monet tapestry, refracted then disappears.

bee.exe

glory, holy holy, a biological upthrust, smooth, wreathed like the green
man.  and then the black onyx, at the heart, the untouchable self, an
expansion to obsidian, a scrying, a castration of phallus, ever increasing
circles.  at first a button and false hallejulah disrupts into a shouted
obscured jehova.  black turns to brown, button becomes plate, then bowl as
depth of concentric circles fools the eye.  it creeps like propaganda,
becoming one thing and then another, until a maelstrom of your god and my
god and their god is an endless vortex.

blood.exe

nakes to the bones.  blood as a string of fairy lights around the heart
dancing.

brilliant.exe

trumpeted, oh brilliance, sounds out it's own future, as a shadow of post
apocolypse negativises all achivement.  the opera of the damned.

gb.exe

benevolence bearded, silk lasoos become rolls of barbed wire, gentleness
slashed by geometry.

glory.exe

scaleish music, brown parchment religion, He, He, He, covered quickly by
plasticised technology.  desire to scratch the surface, to return to what
was before, the old reliable of bended knees and prostration.  sacrifice
replaced by circular arguments.

graph.exe

woven, looped, visual feel of cobbed corn and pomegranates.  lines strike
forward while individuals jostle at stage left.  we click to advance, as
more space is filled it appears things move slower, there is no room to see.

hemiptera.exe

organic focus is stabbed by a spotlight of vertiginous hold.  a face
appears, with a beak, it would speak but for the incessant noise.

hemiptera2.exe

perhaps beetles, technolgy intrudes like a scream.

hemiptera3.exe

beauty and fragility clings to a tree while the blind worm consumes, leaving
nothing but black and absence in the final analysis.

hold.exe

wide open, to see, to read, to record, but with the screen the carriage
returns, in sepia, like an old typewriter.

kali.exe

crumpled, disgarded, but once activated she can run circles round you with
the occasional lightening flash.

mourning.exe

catacombs, sarcophagi, stacked in blood, attacked by words and the agressive
feature force that takes the space.

numb.exe

she lies with nipples in her eyes while the numbers compute.

numb2.exe

stripped like film.

numb3.exe

and now obliterated by the frentics.

numb4.exe

the colloseum steps disappear under the digital tourists.

overlook.exe

white ether forms reclines in what could be her shadow, until white noise
makes them organs together.

pest.exe

micro and radio, coming through the air, unseen and deadly, waves of
nauseatic abuse disrupt the horizon.

pest2.exe

and that's the point, they're everywhere, we can't escape, we are targetted
by default of our dwelling.

plasma1.exe

wavebreak, infinite molecules, linked and moving.

rust.exe

slat, stattern, rhomboid, rhumatoid arthritic cells.

scler.exe

geology, not always or forever but time expanded.  our bodies daily, once
grown, are almost static.  to us familiar.  but there are ice ages, drastic,
or cancer, fatal, rapid onsets, magma and plasma.

sks.exe

a nebulus scan, a history in two parts, physics meets infinity.

sks2.exe

child frozen for silicon life form, the future points but does not reach.

star.exe

look to space, not always outer, not for secrets, but to see beyond.  a star
is born is not necessarily about celebrity.  the womb expands, like when the
idea for lightbulbs was just a mere abstracted desire and candles were our
limit for thousands of years.

swoon.exe

her careless legs and granite umbilicus.  arousal spatters the screen in the
shape of her stockings.

tz.exe

heidegger no kant honestly flickers through a tired eye as the debris after
the fact becomes obscured by burgeoning philosophies.

umb.exe

the apple arse blossoms into petals of numbers.  math is possibility.

umb2.exe

green bulbous meat, well hung and fragrant tasty.

victor.exe

libidinal shyness is stapled into our consciousness.  there are always
lines, which ones to cross is a matter of choice.

void.exe

she has slipped behind.  reflective she stands inanimate in action.

wall.exe

there is nothing except the box, always the framing and the tools to change
what you have.

wallvoid.exe

when something is lost  you find something else to cling to.

weather.exe

sometimes in life it snows, as ever, before trains.

word.exe

there are rabbits running and dropped stitches.

word2.exe

in the shade to big fat lines of coke.  redo feeds the ad/diction.
