
social philosophy culled from facebook,

Monika Weiss, Alan Sondheim, Hans Brandeis, Edward C. Zimmermann, Agam 
Andreas, Rohesia Hamilton Metcalfe, Monty Blisset-Eliot

i the was heat, thinking how last derrida night appeared in on the 
horizon, heat, he how i derrida was appeared thinking on last horizon, 
night he in passed might through have it, happened what sumer, might year 
have for happened example, sumer, not year passed for through example, it, 
not what even memories, absorbed, named memories, or named effect, or we 
effect, are we productions are of productions even of absorbed, 
untraceable, untraceable, unheimlich unheimlich dusts. dusts. nothing 
nothing original original here, here, just just repetition repetition 
ceasing/seizing at poetics. :pm yesterday like at course, :pm process like 
is course, over process yet is ceasing/seizing over poetics. yet yesterday 
(and - deal think with angst it its my true own way work) (as - (and don't 
i think deal angst with its it true my way own (as work) adorno's 
assimilated shadow) here assimilated started here to started write to a 
write reply a interrupted reply adorno's interrupted shadow) immediately 
by immediately notifications; by facebook notifications; getting facebook 
increasingly getting cluttered, increasingly google monolithic. 
monolithic. writing writing that that unheim... unheim... referenced 
referenced both both name, name, sond-heim, sond-heim, google kind and 
jewi... forget and historical forget images historical "la images 
melancholica" "la longing melancholica" death longing kind death jewi... 
english i.e. renaissance fortune i.e. foe fortune famous foe lines: famous 
"even lines: languish... "even am languish... english am renaissance thyne 
freund (dying) death todesangst c... ist :pm deiner you freund say c... do 
you (dying) say todesangst has ist do deiner age old old divide divide 
between between anglo anglo american american continental continental 
philosophy. philosophy. america america age never understood really 
europe, understood nor europe, did nor english. did this english. among 
this americans, among never americans, really europeans europeans (however 
(however defined) defined) i'... i'... voices voices embodied, embodied, 
disturbing disturbing embodiment, embodiment, it's it's agamben's 
agamben's ennounciation, ennounciation, witnesses witnesses being being 
body; body; therefore therefore problematic problematic language; phone 
yes, well, talk face less it! phone mean well, interupted face :pm it! 
aren't mean language; interupted yes, aren't less embodied; know they 
someone _are_ who know 'married' someone second who life; 'married' won't 
second use life; embodied; won't they use _are_ voice, too talks close. 
about :pm too agree close. sense agree relates sense states relates talks 
states about diaspora, feels which closest feels me closest :pm me but but 
actually interruption occluded actually diaspora, occluded which slot in, 
we're as permitted now; in, cancelling as tends now; close cancelling 
slot. tends diaspora close slot slot. we're diaspora permitted term used 
used lot lot course course relation relation dispersions dispersions 
america, america, black black caribbean caribbean term diasporas, :pm so 
involves involves another immersed language another often language 
displacing often paul displacing diasporas, paul so celan's yourself, 
yourself, german; hebrew there german; kristeva there course; kristeva 
related course; issue, related celan's issue, :pm one displacement thinks 
:pm every look displacement happens look typing happens fb space making 
typing one fb thinks making every constant suggestions suggestions re: re: 
proper proper name name (which (which itself itself thicket), thicket), 
spelling, spelling, constant etc. synchronic flurry interrupts synchronic 
returns interrupts poetics returns mentioned. poetics :pm mentioned. . . 
etc. when flurry sharing finished, 'slots' should finished, finish. should 
it finish. supposed supposed lasting be forever lasting sharing forever 
'slots' 'embodied voice' voice' saviors saviors saints saints birds birds 
start start singing singing sun sun rises rises 'embodied 
elecroacoustically elecroacoustically speaking speaking can't can't hear 
hear you, you, data's data's pitching pitching higher higher frequencies 
unlike unlike "etrange idea nous-memes" "etrange :pm nous-memes" that's 
that's derrida, also frequencies derrida, :pm his :pm later me, writings 
knowing me, finished; knowing good that, solo, finished; finishes, good 
his solo, later finishes, writings dufrenne's book' 'world wants book' 
take wants time, take inhabit time, one's inhabit speech, one's music, 
speech, dufrenne's music, 'world withdraw t... return, touches t... art 
touches think, art remember think, (at remember point (at her point 
withdraw her return, image/photo image/photo appears appears writing) 
writing) talking talking 'making 'making familiar familiar strange' 
strange' there's there's critique embedded sense, :pm embedded on angst, 
some probably sub-conscious some wish sub-conscious critique wish sense, 
keep state state identified identified "other". "other". can't imagine 
americans americans using using non-english non-english keep word word 
"optimism" "optimism" example. example. .'making .'making reminds reminds 
"unheimlich" "unheimlich" again, again, originally means means something 
something "un-home-ly" "un-home-ly" = = "not "not feeling feeling home" 
home" :pm jouissance word, such although word, doubt although optimistic 
doubt per optimistic se; per sorry se; again sorry jouissance again such 
(in thought) stream :pm thought) fact fact etymologically "home" directly 
etymologically dying directly kristeva dying (in (my obsession long greek 
standing "koiman" obsession comes greek back "koiman" here) comes 
"uncanny" back :pm here) (my "uncanny" long text "making same strange) 
terms ... "making celan strange) once ... answered celan asking once him 
answered text asking same him terms obscure nature unclear poetry. nature 
said poetry. simply said trying simply come trying actual come experience 
actual obscure experience unclear being, possible, possible, thus thus 
"representational" "representational" poet poet :pm i'm sure; sure; 
distrust distrust being, subconscious subconscious wishes wishes across 
across wide wide stratum. stratum. 'angst' 'angst' american-english 
american-english far far know, know, point; point; polyglot polyglot all 
all down... down... jouissance, jouissance, frisson, frisson, reference 
reference theory;... theory;... corporate corporate side side language, 
language, mutilation mutilation factor, factor, abstraction, abstraction, 
expression, inability, inability, skin skin doesn't doesn't fit, fit, 
speech speech unnamable unnamable :pm already expression, lament mourns 
unable meaning, mourns uncanny, meaning, somehow uncanny, addressing 
somehow "art" addressing does "art" :pm does lament guess very takes 
specific very collapsing specific :pm collapsing along along (?) 
mcluhaniistic approach (?) guess approach takes facebook, interrupts, 
interrupts, box box 'containing' 'containing' (not (not inner inner 
speech) speech) these these things things facebook, gra... :pm 'this' 
depleted depleted grounds grounds body body digital digital matrix, 
matrix, ettinger's ettinger's gra... matrixial, distancing; matrixial, met 
distancing; wouldn't derrida remembered wouldn't meeting, remembered 
photographed photographed shoes shoes other other things, things, book 
book painting, painting, im-planting im-planting deconstruction 
deconstruction ultimately disembodied ground text, than i've disembodied 
thought text, glas i've off thought :pm glas perhaps off ultimately 
perhaps than why books still those love can real hold books physically, 
those change can become hold brittle physically, why change still become 
love brittle real full stains stains marks, marks, potentially potentially 
ready ready inscribed. inscribed. by passage wrote wrote full difficulty 
mourning mourning deep deep history history unless unless entangled 
entangled body, body, voice voice could could difficulty basically life' 
summary work. life' :pm work. propos propos been glas, obsessed been 
marginalia, obsessed basically marginalia, summary [speaking 
interruptions, interruptions, our our dialogue dialogue out out sink, 
sink, system system sending sending passages passages [speaking 
discretion) these little grammar boxes certain grammar web-language 
certain level, web-language no? level, discretion) no? :pm organizing 
meaning organizing readily-identifiable meaning ways readily-identifiable 
follow ways easily. follow formats thumbnail taken image hold. + thumbnail 
gets image truncated + link gets "more". truncated which link formats 
"more". taken makes an an inherently inherently skimmable skimmable medium 
medium inappropriate inappropriate mourning). mourning). :pm thank makes 
you. inscribed, always couple inscribed, shelves couple fairly shelves 
ones fairly marginalia ones brings marginalia whole brings you. whole 
always histories barriers light. however, if where barriers work however, 
founders where try work try), founders limits try histories try), light. 
limits if resurrection, resurrection, ontology ontology shifts shifts 
inscriptions inscriptions ghosts. ghosts. absolutely, absolutely, think. 
think. 'organizing meaning' meaning' pares pares down down meaning; 
meaning; times times meant meant followed followed but difficulty. the 
corporate, another. another. references, references, skim, skim, read. 
read. :pm ghosts difficulty. spread evenly evenly foucault's foucault's 
archive, archive, laying laying flat flat surface, surface, opposed 
opposed layering layering spread vertically, vertically, alongside 
alongside previous previous concurrent concurrent sync, sync, 
heterological heterological dialog, net, written irc early newsgroups; 
net, holds irc email, newsgroups; almost holds chat. email, so almost 
dialog, chat. written different str... str... :pm imagine, yearn yearn 
for, for, universe universe without without appearance, appearance, 
different appearing, appearing, linear linear simultaneous simultaneous 
acts acts co-emerging co-emerging (to (to bracha bracha ettinger ettinger 
'sexpression) read :pm buddhist read philosophy, buddhist mahayana, 
philosophy, co-dependent mahayana, arising! .- :-) pretty .- alan... 
pretty agree. description there alan... great agree. paring great :-) 
paring :pm web demand. conventions interrogate demand. forms interrogate 
see forms them. see :pm them. yes, interrogation conventions themselves. 
themselves. list list cybermind cybermind started, started, had had 
'fleshmeets' 'fleshmeets' break break coded coded relationships 
relationships otherwise otherwise lived lived within... within... now now 
everyone everyone distancing distancing granted granted mentioned 
fear-of-voice mentioned seems fear-of-voice prevalent. seems (sorry :pm 
sentimentally (sorry "optimistic" "optimistic" -- -- instantaneous 
instantaneous access access overcoming overcoming geography. geography. 
sure, sure, gap, gap, wound, lightness lightness flying, flying, 
dreaming), dreaming), however however un-real un-real :pm oh geography; 
geography; wound, anything, deeply obdurance unreal. deeply studies 
unreal. lag studies years lag ago years traceroute ago tools; traceroute 
anything, tools; obdurance literally :pm quote risk else) bermig feel 
angenehm) risk us bermig from angenehm) much cuts literally us quote from 
else) much feel interaction movement.. movement.. bodies bodies suffer) 
suffer) unreal, unreal, no no more more frequently frequently unreal 
unreal interaction people time whom non-cyber spend world). time hours 
non-cyber unknown world).  yes hours greater unknown loss yes people 
greater whom loss spend availability availability data, data, lack lack 
"deeper" "deeper" understanding... understanding... going going warsaw's 
warsaw's library, library, before si... computers, they si... wanted 
wanted gloves wear archives gloves nyu, archives worked! nyu, before 
worked! computers, near somewhat 'rescuing' torn came put somewhat poor 
torn binding put blue poor cloth binding actually blue near cloth 
'rescuing' them, amazing find texts amazing way, texts mention way, 
marginalia. mention exact marginalia. thing. exact many thing. them, many 
find exactly!  pass only few pass hundred horizon meters few away hundred 
your meters office away exactly! your not office only classrooms irvine.. 
classrooms intersections irvine.. being.  intersections days being. need 
days you? need

you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? 
you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you? you?
