


From Alberto Moravia, The Woman of Rome:

"So, after a few hours of anguish, I gave up the unequal struggle against
what appeared to be my fate; indeed, I welcomed it with more affection, as
one embraces a foe one cannot defeat; and I felt liberated. Some may think
it is far easier to accept an unworthy but profitable fate than to renoun-
ce it. But I have often wondered why misery and anger dwell in the hearts
of those people who try to live according to certain precepts and to con-
form to certain ideals, and why those who accept their destiny - which is
mainly emptiness, obscurity, and feebleness - are so often gay and care-
free. In such cases the individual does not follow a precept but his own
temperament, which appears to him in the guise of a real, genuine destiny.
My temperament, as I have already said, was to be gay, amiable and serene,
at all costs, and I accepted it." 

Thus there are true and false destinies and precepts or ideals determine
perhaps the true, while the false appears otherwise; or perhaps it is oth-
erwise, but in any case it is somewhat in the guise of the political, for
within the interstices, fascism may be found in the form of destiny and
acceptance which is mingled with a temperament designated a true nature. 
Fascism which can grow in the United States under any other name, is al-
ways amiable, as Sinclair Lewis pointed out, and danger lies within this; 
we tend to forget the home-grown nature of Hitler, seeing instead an
exotic or anomaly of a foreign species.

Thus there are true or false destinies and precepts or ideals determine 
perhaps the false, while the true appears otherwise, or out of all 
modesty slakes appearance; or perhaps it is otherwise, but in any case it 
is somewhat in the guise of the cultural, or at least the inhabitation of 
the life-world, for within the home, socialism may be found in the form 
of release and acceptance, mingled with a convivial temperament. Fascism
can grow in the United States, is always circumscribing, repressive, as 
Theweleit points out, and we tend to forget the rhetorical nature of 
Hitler, blinded by our belief in documents, precepts or ideals which have 
the character of an imposition.

