

-


IS


Ishmael, what does he say? That he is alone to tell that. That he is hun-
ger itself. That hunger has lips which close [foreclose] upon the Firma-
ment. That the Firmament is blahblah. That the Firmament runs red;  there
are rows of Protocols in the Garden, arabesques... Firmament bleeds blah-
blah. Jagged peaks of cells upon silvered wires coated in inconceivable
rust. Ishmael walks closer. His step lunges and you can tell gravity from
that. Feet keep him from falling. 

Ishmael says it was a human, a dog, a goat, a horse. Sweat nothing. That
someday people would write about the all the one the lovely. But it was a
human, a dog, a goat, a horse. It always cost money. There was a big party
and lots of soma. The whole place got dusty.

Ishmael says it was a whale, a star, a comet, a blank slate. That he re-
turned alone to say that, it was important to say that. That there was no-
thing on the slate, not even the promise, the contract, the potential, the
dream. That the whale was white but might have been any color. That some
things moved and some things didn't, the horse stopped moving after a
year, the human, the dog, the goat less so. 

Ishmael stops speaking. He thinks, he asks when did we learn this. Nothing
started it. Someone didn't walk up and that someone didn't say let's be-
gin. Someone didn't just fall over dead. He asks what did people do when
everyone wanted everyone else, when everyone was hunger. The hunger closed
upon the Firmament was silent. 

Ishmael starts again. He says you can hear the hunger in the silence. When
people stop speaking for a while. You can hear it between sentences and
sometimes between words and sometimes in the middle of words. Ishmael says
he returned to say this. Ishmael Simon says.

