
-

Date: Tue, 5 Mar 1996 01:44:25 -0500 (EST)
Subject: Marguerite Duras

So I'm on the MOO and WrItIng or some such spelling sez pages that MD is
dead, did I hear, confirm? So I went to clari.world.europe.france on Panix
and the damn headlines were there so I couldn't go through. So netcom.com
went into that, they've more newsgroups anyway, back to the same clari.
world.europe.france and the headlines were there and got through after
telnetting far too many times, should I have logged? So got the AP and
Reuter's, forwarded them to me to forward on and out, and still backed up
somewhere on hideous netcom machinery which takes longer than death
itself, meanwhile I go back on the MOO and wRItINg sez hears it's suicide
maybe or maybe spec., and I wonder well after Deleuze, they're all flying
over there, it's the end of the world my friends, and meanwhile I've heard
not a Goddamn thing and this waiting is killing, can't get back to netcom
which is down again on telnet to find out the real skinny, just out here
somewhere in nadaland wondering what's going on. Should we outlive these
deaths. Dying's when the walls are finally down, Duras was part of them,
beginning with Hiroshima mon Amour film over again, saw in Jerusalem too.
Always felt Destroy She Said was my life writ hard and over. When the
posts come I'll shove them on. What else. Levinas too earlier of course.
Jabes too earlier much earlier of course. Last of the postmoderns with
empathy. They're in orbit. Destroy. 

