



Sama Fantasm


And this is also the _Sama Veda_; speech, verily, is the chant. It is _sa_
(she) and _ama_ (he). That is why _saman_ is called _saman_ or because he
is equal to a white ant, equal to a mosquito, equal to an elephant, equal
to these three worlds, nay, equal to this universe, therefore indeed is it
the _Sama Veda._ He who knows this _Sama Veda_ to be such, attains union
with it or lives in the same world with it.  (Brhad-aranyaka Upanishad I.
3. 22, trans. Radhakrishnan.)

On television an advertisement has a soundtrack, Oh Lord, won't you buy me
a Mercedes Benz... The voice sounds equivalent to Janis Joplin's, who sang
it, and it ends with an "informal" comment, as if it were a sixties recor-
ding, which it may well be. The song is subverted, frameworked against the
car itself, of course, and the car represents elsewise a kind of corporate
tyranny that was the antithesis of what Joplin represented. But it may not
be her voice either, but it plays against her voice, the fields where the
car's displayed also played against, say the fields of Woodstock, freedom
within the enclosure now of metal and glass and the money necessary to
_pivot_ that thing and identify with the smoothness of the equivalent
voice that sang as well Freedom's just another word for nothing left to
lose... The point I'm making isn't that this is all inauthentic or within
the "order" of the simulacrum, but that everything has moved _laterally_; 
late capital has moved from transnationals, say, to potential fields which
seep everywhere, from Wired magazine through Steve Forbes, from the re-
appearance of the Beatles (shades of mid-late sf Ballard) to the selling
and reconfiguring of Joplin's memory. If capital exists within potential
fields, it follows the lines of easy geodesics (bear with the metaphor),
but like any good geodesics, it doesn't _necessarily_ reference an Origin. 
God's gone from capital which moves of its own accord; like a sieve, the
poor are ground up, but not only is no one at fault - there are no longer
fault lines... Flexiwork is also seepage, the articulation of labor within
fields, and my fondest memory is Bjork writing for Madonna and singing her
little heart out like Sinatra - as if the _distributors_ of culture were
now running things once again - as if there were things to run - as if
there were things - as if there _were._

