


A True Account


I went onto IRC to investigate breathing/heaving through textual correc-
tions and backups. I joined channel #zz as @Alan op. There was no one else
of course. I began typing when "Helis" (changed the name) replied to me.
Helis was not on zz, but was somehow monitoring it and messaging me with
comments. This is precisely the origin of scattering/heaving - the breath-
ing of the text here, beyond the control of _this_ writing into the domain
of the _other:_


/j zz<P> #zz \|/ PhoEniX v2.25 \|/ *** Alan (sondheim@panix3.panix.com)
has joined channel #zz*** Users on #zz: @Alan @Alan (+is) #zz \|/ PhoEniX
v2.25 \|/ I want to Describig ng desire as it implements itself across

 the screen, whatreen, what<Alan> Describing desire as it implements
itself across the screen, what<P> I8AM @Alan (+is) #zz Lag ? - E/X E/X 'd
refer to as breathing or heaving - which is an extension of the _text-t

he _text-object_<Alan> I'd refer to as breathing or heaving - an extension
of the _text-object_<P> into a symptomology, diegesis - thinking through
the aura that rera that re- sults<Alan> into a symptomology, diegesis -
thinking through the aura tha

t results<P> [Helis:440@urh.uiuc.edu] why do you think this?or thinking
9AM @Alan (+is) #zz Lag ? - E/X E/X at cross-purposes - as if: an action,
i.e.:<Alan> or thinking at cross-purposes - as if: an action, i.e.:<P> /m
Mel

is why not becua ause this is running in this fashion<-[Helis]-> why not
because this is running in this fashion<P> /me worrying through the text
and intrusion of the fourth -* Alan worrying through the text and
intrusion of the fourth -<P> /whois Helis<

P> *** Whois Information for: Helis*** Address :
440@isr0419.urh.uiuc.edu*** IRCNAME : NEKKED WOMAN*** Server :
irc.ilstu.edu ([thor.cmp.ilstu.edu] Illinois State
University)[Helis:440@urh.uiuc.edu] you are strange40AM @Alan (+is)

#zz Lag ? - E/X 1 - E/X /m Helis i'd think so to be sure -<-[Helis]-> i'd
think so to be sure -<P> /sc<P> Pub: #zz @Alan taking it further with the
other coming into the sane<Alan> taking it further with the other comin

g into the sane<P> /me auratic, downtrodden...* Alan auratic,
downtrodden...<P> /1AM @Alan (+is) #zz Lag ? - E/X l1 - E/X <P> *** Alan
has left channel #zzAlan (+is)  Lag 1 - E/X


