

The postmodern remains unnamed; what drives it, its drives, are unnamed.
Names reproduce within the modern; their semantics are Kripkian, held in
place as rigid designators true in all possible worlds (counterfactuals).
In the postmodern, rigidity is problematic, deconstructed; worlds them-
selves are fuzzy, interwoven, partial. Communication at the speed of light
(Virilio) brings time to a standstill.

(Postmodern poor: Postmodernism occurs within a critical space, a space of
the catastrophic, emptied of symbolic legitimation and stability. Because
of capital flow, emigration, and struggles for individual survival and
autonomy, the space begins to "fill up," creating a cacophony of (infor-
mal) regimes competing for cultural and economic power, gaslines, water,
labor, prostitutions, and so forth. The resulting struggle produces com-
peting domains in which the symbolic itself is at stake; nothing, not even
communication, can be taken for granted. The zone is a chaotic accumula-
tion of intensities, condensed matter and languages, a dead or deligimi-
ized zone. The planet itself is becoming an accumulation of such zones.

Poor postmodernism is life which skips modernism, and heavy industry,
jumping when possible to radio, television, Internet - just a short dis-
tance from the maquiladora poisoning the environment - the early post-
industrial revolution of electronic assembly plants, tourisms, and small
manufacturing. (But here too is a myth (and where is "here"?);  unemploy-
ment also grows, scarcity and desertification increase; but here, too,
a telenovella...))


