



Lunar Cybermeet


We wandered in the vicinity of the craters already mentioned, the famil-
iarity of unpossessed but imposing mountainous terrain, and so near the
Crisium. From there, the thinned rims of Peirce and Peirce B made their
gateway, this ancestor of cybermind with his constructs of the sheet of
assertion, that blank slate upon which everything from lunar dust to the
exegesis of email phenomenology (and the two are not dissimilar), might
manifest itself. Our attention would turn further eastward, however,
across the local clusters of Macrobius, secondary and tertiary craters,
towards an unmarked area; Littrow was not that far away, nor was Mons
Argaeus. This is a remarkable journey, defining wilderness by trails,
traces, inscriptions left by tumbling boulders and moraine debris aban-
doning the primordial matrix of the lunar subsurface. If we were there, 
we would have refused glances towards the earth-bound atmospheric cloaca, 
our planet itself staining the pleasure of the journey our weary vehicles 
and feet made through aeons of dust. 

So we have promised ourselves a look at Tsiolkovsky next time near 20 deg
south, 130 deg east, on the far side ignorant of the pull of the faint
blue-white disk, or rather imagining a presence beneath the feet, tunnel-
ing through the lunar mass itself. The trace always remains at a dis-
tance; nothing prepares one for the imminent exhaustion of the visual. 
Heaven sways the remnants of dawn and dusk invisible; what is postulated 
possesses but the horizon of truth and its intensity.

To that extent we have already traveled Tsiolkovsky, huddled against the 
image as if the _recent_ Mare Crisium opened its blank and swollen eye, 
tearing through the presence of an unrelieved, eternal, and always visi- 
ble earth. Tsiolkovsky receives rumors of the Crisis at best; rumors 
never form community. 

What would we, they, talk about. What would we, they, talk about indeed.

