



Order and Interference


This program presents a one-dimensional cellular automaton of the simplest
possible variety. What's of interest, however, is the random function,
which distorts the figure, which otherwise would be a fractal triangular
sponge. The image still develops large blank areas for the most part near
the apex of the triangle, evidence of order; these disappear as the figure
extends. What is the meaning of this? That as a social order develops, 
perhaps, chaotic processes evolve and intermix, deflecting large-scale 
processes, which could only be imposed top-down. So that a form of post- 
modernism, local narratives, prevails, and everything else is lost.

(Of course all of this depends on the definitions of "social," "order," 
and "narrative" ...)

If you run this, place the "IF...THEN" on one line; I had to collapse/
indent them in order to configure the screen. Note there are all sorts of 
possibilities to be explored here, including using the resulting figure 
as a seed for a two-dimensional automaton (with random processes or not), 
and seeding using more than the point (320, 1). For example, a horizontal 
or vertical line could be used.

Again, the if...then...else... rules can be changed. What I would like to 
do is alter these to _functions_ of the previous lines. And finally, the 
rules can be changed to disorder temporality itself, by referencing 
_future_ lines as well as past ones. (The characteristics on line z are 
now determined by neighbors on z-1, but there is no reason not to include 
action at a distance as well, using x-n, x+m where n and m are greater 
than 1.)

