


deserted root iii

to be sure i found myself in the desert, rootless, or rather disseminat-
ing roots over a wide an area as i could possibly reach with the matter at
hand - their nodes or secondary processes extending upon the slightest
trace of absorption. 

on the surface, gullies and otherwise ridges external to the depths of 
which it has been said, follow them to the shore, but of which sea? for 
it is more than likely that of the shallow pool, baked and evaporated by 
the sun; there is hardly room to look further (and what would be visible, 
except for _other entrances_?). [that which it would be, the desert as a 
process.]

this is the presence of _contested land,_ the imaginary vacancy of euro-
pean thought, ecologies transformed by the millimeter of surface soil, the
roots thirst, tumescent beneath the violent temperatures of the solar
furnace, and, to the extent, of contestation, the presence of contract,
misrecognition _to be sure._ violation fabric, the disaster of theory in
the desert, languaging, burying the originary traces of routes, roots,
burrows, barrows. 

(tendrils which are tubules which are cybermind, chiasm. nostalgias which 
are dead messages, pools of messages, black holes of messages, loops of 
messages. languagings which are the skimmings of messages, application 
layers of messages, residues or stains of messages. contestations which 
are bandwidths. histories which are discarded, filed away, lost in cyber- 
space. meristemation which is the routing of messages, roots and thirst- 
ing of messages.)


