


Hedy Lamarr and CuSeeMe


Within/across: in. imaginary.

"The primary objection was _not_ the nude swimming scene, which you have
no doubt heard so much about, or the sequence of my fanny twinkling
through the woods, but the close-up of my _face,_ in that cabin sequence
where the camera records the reactions of a love-starved bride in the act
of sexual intercourse." (Hedy Lamarr, Ecstasy and My Life as a Woman, quo-
ted in Lucy Fischer, _Ecstasy_: Female Sexual, Social, and Cinematic Per-
formance, in Women and Performance, A Journal of Feminist Theory, #12.)

In/within: across. symbolic.

Each citation enfolds within another; each quotation delivers the face to
you, across all boundaries. For it is the _face_ in CuSeeMe that is un-
nerving, in the midst of in-ternet sex - those peerings in which subter-
fuge is cancelled by everyday behavior - yawn, scratch, smile, depres-
sion. If CuSeeme is the fabrication of the electronic body, the face is
in override, collapsing hysteria to normalcy. With an audience, all these
male faces, one or more females - it's here that the male _gaze_ is most
apparent, that is a gendered gaze which might be male or female. It's
here that the _objet a_ remains beyond the grain, over the edge or lip.
It's here that alterity is positioned vis-a-vis the quotidian. It's here
that the quotidian is in relation to, functional to, transgression. The
most frightful perception is that one is everyone, that transgression is
daily _mesh,_ that gaze is not provenance, that lure is not necessarily
masquerade.

Across/within: in. real.

"I know this is terribly personal, but [my husband] loved me because I had
frequent orgasms... What he didn't know what that during love affairs with
all men, I had frequent orgasms." (Lamarr, op. cit. in Fischer, op. cit.)


