



Breaking Me / Down


"It's the breaks; it robs me; splinters me; my marrow turns towards un-
known uses, foods; I'm pinned down; there are holes in bodies everywhere,
wires corroding against skin pierced with one attempt after another:

"They call this _botched;_ it's _botched._"

It's _butchered_ because it doesn't exist. It rides on the back of in-
tention. It's liminal, between split/deliberate disconnect, and "trans-
parent" communication. Breaking down/up is splintered, impossible to _su-
ture_ - on the level of technology, the body, what one would _say._ The
result is increased stress, a wild rewrything of language that prohibits
speech, disembodies communication, commonality. Nothing gets through but
noise and neurosis. 

Neurosis gets through because compulsive repetition transforms into con-
tinuous adjustment. Arousal is impossible, because the cyborg keeps separ-
ating into constituents. Sentences and phraseological components remain
incomplete; what is fed back into the psyche is distorted information,
displacing internal feedback processes. The result is either silence or
rage - silence as withdrawal (broken packets fluxed elsewhere, refused
processing, and further input cancelled), or rage as deliberate overload.

Afterwards, defuge sets in - the application, bodies, partner, world, sex,
self, are all tainted; nothing matters; further withdrawal _gauzes_ the
world. 

The world becomes surgical (see depress.jpg), inanimate, _covered._ The
body sinks into totality, alcohol, sleep, depression, psychotropic drugs -
anything that _clots_ input and output, redirects. The _other end of the
line,_ _Internet,_ disappear; everything works to _foreclose_ libido, de-
cathect from the real or cyberspatial. Truth only comes with the silence
refusing speech; truth is the refuge of silence.


