


At-Gender*


(hole.jpg for cybermind)

@gender circulates through the surgical; the presence of liquid, debris,
implies a successful operation, through a thin veil of blood/membrane,
suturing the memory of flesh: requires flesh. 

your hole grows and grows tiffany said until you become me, skin stretched
to the limit, jennifer-alan. but she couldn't breathe. and unable to for-
get that folds are constructed, incised, borrowed from everywhere, that
skin and flesh are surplus, that thought borrows the same from the two /
one; inside, two and one are cradled.

"_i put my pen in my hole. i put my fingers in my hole. i expose my hole. 
i widen my hole. i talk into my hole. i talk from my hole. i see into my
hole. i put my face in my hole._" (sondheim, hole, in uncontrollable bod-
ies, eds. sappington and stallings.) _there in the text,_ it was the anal
hole, leaking ink, inscribing the thud of bodies and depression; _here in
the image,_ it's the penile opening spread for the _birth_ of bodies and
expression. _there_ it was fissure; _here,_ it is inscription, cauteriza-
tion of the scalpel.

tiffany looks up and says you're being disgusting, jennifer-alan, stop
playing with your _toys._

ii

jennifer-alan said that everything returns to the _flap of skin,_ and it's
the flap that makes us human. we fuck staring into one another's faces,
tiffany replied laughing. laughing is part of it, jennifer-alan said, but
we forget the sound of laughter and the pain of the skin's hinge, half
attached, half-torn, healing in new configurations. not to mention, tiff-
an said, piercings, tattoos, rites of passage, incisions, circumcisions,
self-mutilations, glistening of newly-healed flesh, excitement of -

all right, all right, cut in jennifer-alan, quit talking for a moment,
listen to the lips themselves. shhh...

it's not always cyborg; sometimes it's just an _issue of tissue,_ tiffany
whispered, giggling. and the two of them fell asleep.

