


Signal/Sig/.Sig Segue Ob-Seen*


[The scene/seen: buildings, a plaza, a rotating cube/public sculpture in
the center. Location: Greenwich Village, near Cooper Union. The trans-
formation: one of the panels of the cube is replaced by a rectangle of
pink or blue or red, a lavender rectangle perhaps. For Cybermind: the im-
age itself; for Fop-l: this description, as in:

ob-seen.]

It's a sig.jpg, a .sig or a signal; the balanced cube at Astor Place radi-
ating blue or pink or red, a stupid digital transform. 

The cruder the transforms, the more obvious; no one _misses_ the signal;
we're spies! What's absent is the context, meaning; it's as if:

Here's a letter!    Now what!    Or a word even... 

There are the numbers stations on short-wave, a lot of them around 6.8 mhz
for example. You have to look for them. Series of numbers, after an "at-
tention, attention," usually in Spanish. The first few are repeated; 
they're calling to someone, someone's id. After that, the message - usual-
ly in groups of five numbers pause, five numbers pause.

Think of the rectangle in sig.jpg as the first of a series perhaps - sig-
naling you, speaking to you. Think of the rectangle as the first of the
message groups, or maybe the message itself. 

Then I am sending the message to _you_ and you have the key for decryp-
tion. Then you understand what I say, what I write; perhaps you understand
all of me, perhaps not. Perhaps I am not to be understood; perhaps I am
infinitely deep. 

If I am infinitely deep, if I am beyond you, beyond all recognition, an
n-body problem, n arbitrarily high - still, I may be found within the rec-
tangle. You may think of this (if you like) as my proper name, indexical,
or properly cyborg-ikonical. You may think of this as a signifier, again a
sig or .sig, of identity, within a philosophy of identity, say, Schelling.
But with Schelling, at night, all cows are black; it's still necessary to
draw (beyond Hegel's rough sketch) a difference. 

Here, one may change the letter again, difference >> differance, that _a_
precisely the _a_ of l_a_vender, the buying or selling of the color or
rectangle of sig.jpg. Or rather, that which the vender can never sell, the
_object a,_ and we are back (once again, always returning) to the _sur-
rounding_ scene, primal in the sense that any _report on the real_ is pri-
mal, in particular to the extent, _in fact,_ that the real is desexualized
or lacking desire, any and all - lacking _truth_ for that _matter._

