


A Spring Morning


Where are you. Are you awake at the moment. Why have you not contacted me. 
Why haven't you set the white porcelain alarm to now. Why don't you arise
from your bed with the beaded white bedspread, sunlight splashing across
the west windows. The computer sits across from you, the color of splashed
sunlight, beige like the orchard outside your home. Hearken to the hoof-
beats of dappled horses trotting the dusty street, turn your body to the
sun, Jennifer, turn your body.

The sun will welcome you to me. The spider weaves her web in the garden,
mockingbird her nest in the garden trellis. Slugs rouse the earth, flies
buzz, Jennifer turn towards me.

Jennifer, your computer calls, wires hum, fibers glow, a sullen dawn
awaits you. Walk across the wood floor painted off-white, wear your gold
terry-cloth robe, into the sunny kitchen, across the linoleum, over to the
counter. Splash a little water on your cheery face, smile, drink some
nicely-made coffee, your computer calls.

The phone is in its cradle, radio playing those songs you love so softly,
sweet music, warm and wonderful music. Wave to the kind neighbor, say
hello to the mailman, run your fingers through your hair. It's a beautiful
day and the roses are in bloom, wash is on the line, pump your water from
your well, bathe a little, laugh a little. 

O Jennifer, you wear your tan skirt, your white cotton blouse, the com-
puter calls. Ants roam the path beneath the sink, a hawk floats way above
in the sky, kittens rustle in the bushes by the side of the house, you can
hear the cows lowing, horses neighing, sheep baaing, you dream you can
hear the earth murmuring and the winds answering, murmur to murmur. 

O Jennifer, the day is quietly bustling, and the computer calls.


