


Panties


I'm writing this, naked except for panties, sitting on a low futon in the
outer space in the loft. The loft temperature is fairly high; it gets
light from three directions, as well as the roof (skylights), inputting
radiant heat in the summer. In the winter, it overheats as well; the rad-
iators seethe and only one turns off.

It's comfortable working half-naked, but on a daily basis, this creates a
sensation of savagery, continuous near-arousal, small nipples slightly
erect as currents caress them. I'm obviously unprepared for visitors; I
see the reflection of my chest in the screen, crawl rodent-like across the
space from futon to chair to bed to toilet and back again. My glasses ap-
pear incongruous; I wear socks since the floor tends to splinter.

This is _existence,_ coupled with insomnia. This is electronic; no one can
see me in this condition unless I aim the CuSeeMe camera just so, and the
camera has a limited scope. And this is infantile, since I am aware of my
body, its color and position, more-so than I would be dressed. It's free-
dom; it's availability, softness, pleasure. And it's a state that is rela-
tively unfamiliar, unless one lives in an overheated space.

Dressed, I am invisible, out of doors, visiting, discussing, walking, rid-
ing. Dressed, I smell like anyone else; half-naked, my body's scents are
uncensored, unavoidable. I slip easily in and out of cyberspace; I'm un-
prepared for the real which requires so much _dress and preparation._ I'm
close to the end-state of intimacy, the fragility of opening; the Net
seems closer since I could press myself, my body, right up against the
screen and you would never know. 

Now imagine if I were a male writing this.

_Yours,_ Jennifer

