

Into the Twenty-First Century


Sarah Bernhardt meets Edison (from Bernhardt, My Double Life):

"I followed him about quickly, climbing up staircases as narrow and steep
as ladders, crossing bridges suspended in the air above veritable furn-
aces, and he explained everything to me. I understood all, and I admired
him more and more, for he was so simple and charming, this king of light. 

"As we were leaning over a slightly unsteady bridge above the terrible
abyss, in which immense wheels encased in wide thongs were turning, whirl-
ing about, and rumbling, he gave various orders in a clear voice, and
light then burst forth on all sides, sometimes in sputtering greenish
jets, sometimes in quick flashes, or in serpentine trails like streams of
fire.  [...]  The deafening sound of the machinery, the dazzling rapidity
of the changes of light, all that together made my head whirl, and forget-
ting where I was, I leaned for support on the slight balustrade which
separated me from the abyss beneath. I was so unconscious of all danger
that before I had recovered from my surprise Edison had helped me into an
adjoining room and installed me in an arm-chair without my realizing how
it had all happened. He told me afterwards that I had turned dizzy." 


Here in Brooklyn, imaginary packets crawl across my skin - literally; out
of the corners of my eyes, specks move deliberately, always inwards, to-
wards what remains of the body. Either everything or nothing is perform-
ative in cyberspace; orders are words full of longing. Bernhardt's voice
is recorded; her Phaedra is possessed, hysteric, ululation, unbearable
vibrato. With a wave of the arms, the CD is available. Her voice cuts my
throat.

