


CONDITION READ


What she insists on is that virtuality is _not_ doing business as usual -
academic, theoretical, corporate - but is in fact concerned with an accom-
paning ontological confusion, displacement, and weakening - one that leaks
into epistemological concerns across domains. That's the reason for this
additional gender confusion, for the problematic of intellectual property,
for the increased disinternment of censorships, for the hysteria over pol-
itical control, and for the constant worries over the breakup of the fam-
ily, terrorist manuals on the Net, child pornography, and anarchic hack-
ings.

All of these are outpourings of socio-cultural slippage; signifiers no
longer remain in one place; the body travels, or doesn't; the mind is ev-
erything or nothing; everything is construct but nothing _is._ And so it
behooves her to attempt a different/dischordant analysis (substitution of
the chord for the sine, a cut across the domain) - a totally different way
of speech/parole/image - in order to bypass, subvert, those disciplines
which reveal, in relation to _everything_ here-where-there-is-no-here, a
certain bankruptcy. 

The way to _move_ is orthogonally, but simultaneously to _take account_ 
of the movement, distort it, much as the Lacanian imaginary distorted the
production of the transference en/tailed by his writings. What is being
_said_ becomes ontological assault, recuperation, filler, caress. What is
axiomatic necessarily fails as voices _whisper_ unconsciously; how many
net communities develop neurotic/hysteric symptoms, symptoms of control
and relinquishment, of paranoia and multiple personality disorder?

The language itself transforms, becoming more exact in the protocols and
programming, flooding out across the semantic plateaus of participants
hungering for contact. Within TCP/IP, one says control/command; above,
one says anything at all. Theory remains rigorous only through proper for-
tification - the moderated email list or newsgroup for example, where the
moderator says everything, permits and forwards speech. The _reading_ of
theory within these results in a _writing_ elsewhere; _wild theory_ pro-
liferates on the Net, CONDITION RED.

She said new work is necessary, that's it's important to use every device
imaginable, simultaneously at that. She said it's never enough, never
would be for years, that there was too much going on, that theory had to
be liquid to keep up on one hand, delineated and crystalline on the other.
(Everyone said they knew this and were doing this already.) She added that
she would try and bring back reports from the front, and that the _bring-
ing_ was what she was all about, the _bringing_ and the endless parties
afterwards.


