



Leg-acy


"I sometimes think: O.K., so maybe you won't leave a legacy to the world,
like children you've lost touch with, who carry on your name, or a body of
work collecting dust in someone's library. Isn't it really what you live
every day, the interactions of people you love and respect - not who dis-
cusses you but the kind words that are spoken to your face? That is really
all a legacy can provide - a hope for the living, a guide for their immor-
tal beliefs. A remembrance can mean nothing to the one remembered; it can
only remind the ones left behind how little they did while you were still
alive." (Sandra Bernhard, Confessions of a Pretty Lady.)

No, it's the legacy, the grit of text, recording, television, audio, vid-
eo, home page, scraps of paper, wall gouged out (I once banged my head
through plasterboard in a fit of drunken rage, luckily missing the nails,
not that I would have cared); it's the DNA run rampant like quicksilver
down the cracks of body, soul, and library catalog; it's the menses
smeared across the chest and face, immortalized in photographic image; 
it's the insistence on protocol, propriety, etiquette, intellectual pro-
perty, attribution, creditation, accreditation, heartfelt thanks; and it's
the review, interview, overview, article, _festschrift,_ footnote, or
parenthetical expression - it's all of these that: 

_give you time to make it up to me, to do so much for me WHILE I AM STILL
ALIVE; to tell the truth and the whole truth; to distribute, diffuse, ac-
knowledge; to BRING IT ALL BACK HOME MS. SANDRA BERNHARD WHOM I ADORE for
purposes of sublimation, subversion, the _sway_ of inauthentic burgeonings
of desire for fame, hysteria, and beautiful legs astride the top-top of
the world._

Give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, YOU RED-HOT CHILI PEPPER YOU! 


