



Mawl


(Cybermind reads mall1.jpg, image of deli, Broadway, lower Manhattan;
mall3.jpg, view from Atlantic Mall, Brooklyn, towards my loft-building.
Fop-l imagines from these words, not the interior of deli, looking down as
in chiaroscuro, marbled surfaces reflecting vast choices across limited
spaces - not the view across wasted no-men's landscape towards bleak blank
buildings sepia-toned, blurred distances, foreshortened street heading
down towards anonymity, two-trucks turning near the mall.)

(Cybermind and Fop-l don't read the interior of the mall, two-days opened,
clean-room interior, bright lights, new products; they don't read the del-
icacy of new capital investment here, the employment of 350 in a space of
none, the rumors of neighborhood problematic; and they don't read my own
strangeness, expansion, in this space of familiarity, familiality, the new
culture resurrected out of suburbia back into a debriscape worthy of Hein-
er Muller.)

(Cybermind and Fop-l don't read the mixed emotions of infinite choice
proffered in differing spaces, the advent of the new; they don't see the
differential of modes of capital at work; they don't comprehend the sim-
ultaneous opening and closure of spaces here; and they have no perspective
on the outward-nature of the images, shooting away from the body, centri-
fugal space taking over, the old terrestrial image of dust and decay re-
asserting itself in the mall image, the spiral of goods and appearance of
choice and seriality in that of the deli.)

(Cybermind sees itself as the visual, reflecting in the mirror of proper-
ly-configured jpegs; Fop-l, quieter, offers the lassitude and languor of
text against all comers; as both lists come to the realization of the in-
tersection of capital with the political economy of the image / imaginary
itself.)


