

The Future of the World: Internet Aesthetics and Reality's Cement Floor

ii (the first part of this was sent out around Oct. 11 '96)

[Corporate reality is transparent-reality; the user becomes _known_ - with
future teledildonics bringing the intimacy of the body into the database
as well. With _sloppy_ programming, "bells and whistles," knowledge be-
comes tied into spectacle; the two interpenetrate, merge. To know is to
_be visible, audible._ Again - upgrading is _necessary._ To know thyself,
then - even _this_ level - partakes of the alienation-effect expressed by
Marx - now _knowledge mediates self-knowledge,_ and knowledge in any case
is _patented._]

It's _this_ paragraph I want to concentrate on - the total transparency of
the user, as in the visible human project. Everything comes together,
leads to upgrade. As banner advertising and animation become more preval-
ent, knowledge becomes tied to visual and aural explanation; it's a return
or rerun of the Pythagorean. The deeply mathematical is forced into low-
bandwidth perception - which is necessary, of course - but increasingly it
will _stop there._ Metaphor becomes everything.

So knowledge becomes mediated through sensory modalities which are them-
selves displaced knowledge. Not only social relations, but the _relation
of oneself to oneself,_ even on the most surf-icial level, is mediated by
display; the society of the spectacle is internalized, and the mirror
stage is now network television. Literally.

Moving beyond Freud, the introjected Web becomes an incoherent but cohe-
sive model of the self, which continually upgrades. Everything reflects
everything else; it's not that the real has disappeared - it's that it's
turned into a category, with arrows and nodes of its own, defined from
elsewhere, a skein or membrane. The world's drawn in packets introjected.
The rest is purely invisible, irrelevant, or under the sign/guise of
specialty.

_Someone owns me._

