


come to me


How many of us are bored, looking for danger, wanting the secret post in
the middle of the night, as I said, do you speak to strangers, as I said,
help me help me, as I said, do you do fantasy? These demarcate fields of
play, moments of hysteresis outlining the boundaries of things; and how
many of us hope that the next post will be the last, that nothing further
need be said, that everything is either out of control or under control,
that it is _this_ post, like the book I keep trying to read, which tells
the truth, sutures the body, heals the lame and halt?

It would be the next post, the secret post, and if that, the one after,
such posts carrying the great burden of the interstice in the midst of the
pornographic, breath held until the orgasm from which one never recovers.
Here the symphonic tends towards death itself, but it is not death which
the post conveys, only the grounds of meaning, circulations which need no
other justification.

Waiting for the existence of this existence-post, for meaning and being 
are intertwined, one settles for the magic-post, of the same or other 
era, as time is no longer culpable. The waiting collapses time, collapses
the interstice; one is born, looks around, dies: [   ]. But it is the 
boredom which plays itself out in _specificities_ here, I mean that of the
Internet email list as an example, this particular set of lists or this 
list at this moment in particular. So I would say: we are all waiting,
resplendent and capable of seduction, a double flux - we _await_ you, her-
alded by a particular post, that which will be the next, touching us in
our hearts of hearts,

That post naked and alone, which will be ours, which will have arrived in 
the midst of our files, neither looking to the left nor to the right, bor-
ing down upon us; that post which we swallow in our dreams, which spreads
among the seas and shores of the untoward chasms of the body, that tsunami 
post, awash in the debris of our uncanny:

This hidden text, this unknown text, is concerned with the _economy_ of
the post, magic, secret, existence, the _economy_ of this text coming to
you, heralded, unheralded.

