



Dot-Org


Nietzsche fumbled through the spittle of remembering the shapes he was
riding. Fuck them. He didn't believe that had anything but jelly. He knew
about the jelly. The jelly threatened to swamp him. "That way lies non-
sense," he'd learned that from Heidegger maybe, Kristeva's cleansed body,
the Parmenides certainly. Or was it Kristeva's cleansed boy? The boy was
lovely shaved, skin inscribed with Nietzsche's troubled dreams;  he'd
fucked his sister, moved his language everywhere across her. But he wrote
bad, what was that he had said. 

The contusions were breaking out across his body, he needed AIDS. He
fumbled, German yes, but weren't they, it was like a Jew calling kike,
he'd loved the Jews, yes, slavered over them, like Lyotard or brother
Blanchot. He fucked Lyotard, liked the man, what a devil. Something moved
in the corner. He'd do the posts he figured until everything got lost. His
asshole whimpered the way of women. 

His asshole whimpered and he knew he was a woman and a Jew. Nietzsche
laughed, there wasn't any difference, both menstruated, had their periods
of blood and doubt. He _ached_ there, he _ached_ there. He did his walk
across the room again. He sat down in the chair again and began to write
again. The pen wouldn't cum the paper. He made a line again. He wrote a 
word again, .org then tore it up. There was nothing to finish the word. 

His sister the Jew spoke to him, spittle. She says: .org. His body caves 
in. He can't write good. He can't write well. He makes marks. He marks 
his cock. He knows about the jelly. Overman breaks the pen. Ubermensch 
drills the hole. Superman cuts the skin. He bleeds like the Jews, men and 
women. He stuffs his holes. There are more holes. He can't stuff them 
fast enough. He can't write either.


