

Speculum


The breakdown of the law of distribution, which only holds in classical 
domains, is at least one index of organism; this is the collapse of the 
Boolean lattice with the law an(buc)=(anb)u(anc) and its dual, au(bnc)=
(aub)n(auc). With the inequality, it is possible for a gestural resolu- 
tion of bandwidth, such that a finite bracketing <---[x]----> in relation 
to a similar bracketing <------[y]---->, i.e. <---[x]----[y]--->, repro- 
duces a larger, almost complete, bandwidth spread, i.e. beyond that of
<---[x,y]---->, towards that of <[x   ,     y]>. This is a triggering 
based on activated threshold decisions, and now one might add intelligent 
agents, within a well-defined domain. If in addition (x,y) are taken as a 
semiotic system defined perhaps by complementarity x=y' and y=x' etc., 
then it is also clear that the breakdown of distributivity is connected 
with a certain leakage or residue/extension of the sememe itself. Note 
that in quantum systems, there are superpositions such that, given atomic 
propositions e1 and e2 (discrete), there exists an e3, also discrete such 
that e1ue2=e1ue3=e2ue3; thus "We can now understand why the validity of 
the superposition principle is so characteristic for quantum systems: It 
implies the non-Boolean character of the proposition system." This quote 
is from Jauch, Foundations of Quantum Mechanics, an older book already 
from 1968; he also says

"Let us examine some of the mathematical consequences of the principle of 
superposition. A first remark: A lattice which satisfied the principle of 
superposition cannot be Boolean. Indeed, let e1, e2, and e3 be as in 
[above]. If the lattice were Boolean, we would have, for instance,
e3n(e1ue2)=(e3ne1)u(e3ne2). But this relation cannot be right, as one 
sees from the following: Since e1 and e2 are two _different_ minimal 
propositions, e1ne2=0. Hence the right-hand side is equal to 0u0=0. But 
the left-hand side is equal to e3 since e1ue2 contains e3. Thus the 
equation is incompatible with e3 not= 0." 

This is the heart of the matter, which as I have mentioned elsewhere, I 
have located in the phenomenology of color vision according to Land, 
Horn, Marr, etc. In the Land experiments, let e1,2,3 be separate fre- 
quences; then any two discrete intersect at 0, i.e. e1ne2=e2ne3=e3ne1=0. 
Hence again the right-hand side is equal to 0. Let us look however at 
e3n(e1ue2); because e3 is a subset of e1ue2=(+-)U, where U = the band- 
width in its entirety, we are given the contradiction e3nU=e3=0.

In its dual form, distributivity breaks down more radically; consider
e3u(e1ne2)=(e1ue3)n(e2ue3). The right-hand side is equivalent to UuU=U; 
the left-hand side is equivalent to e3u0, or e3; we have then e3=U, a 
contradiction.

These things show up, creating fuzzy situations, whenever an attempt is 
made to construct a clear differentiation/difference in semiotic situa- 
tions interacting with the "real." Such situations imply an observer; 
hence the spill mentioned above.

Cyberspace is totally spill in this sense, totally a situation of super- 
position. As yet I am unsure of the mapping of distributivity and quan- 
tum logic onto the structure of email and other postings, but it is clear 
that what I have called "hysterical embodiment" is based precisely on 
this spill, the reading-through of well-defined limitation. I would go so 
far as to say that all human language is double-edged in this fashion: on 
one hand, it is characterized by redundancy (heavily documented by cyber- 
neticians of the 60s-70s), which results in expansion - and on the other, 
it is precisely this expansion which spills speech and textual acts into 
the gestural unknown. What Benjamin calls the aura always already exists 
by virtue of organism; quantum logic and mechanics are caught up in the 
human far beyond the reaches of Bell's theorem.

