


Twin Motives of the Chthonic


I want to propose a parallel between global finance and scientific core
theory; both are contested sites involving standardized protocols. The
former operates directly within the chaotic domain; participants' behavior
is based on a combination of theory and heuristics. The latter does not
operate, but is operated upon; totality appears at the root. Both possess
claims of universality and both flood their domains. Both have a proble-
matic relationship to quantification and parameterization, and in both
quantity (dollar and constant) take on an abstracted ontological status.

The problem of finance is the regulation of the variable; the problem of
science is the constant as regulator. The scientific tends towards unity;
finance desire growth and expansion. Crisis in the former is paradigm
upheaval; in the latter, it is collapse and diminution. If science studies
the state of things, finance operates upon the things of state. If science
emphasizes the phenomenology of process, finance operates upon processes.

If science tends towards a fundamental knowledge, finance tends towards
the trivial; if science is substructural and determinate, finance is sup-
erstructural and chaotic. Science explodes the determinate; finance im-
plodes the chaotic. If science tends towards idealism and platonism with-
in the core theory, finance tends towards heuristics and pragmatism. If
the universality of science is problematized by its own heuristics, the
triviality of finance is subverted by its own rationalisms. Both ignore
the division between public and private spheres, and each sponsors the
practice of the other. 

