


JENENENENENENENNENENENENENENNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!


damn laglaglaglaglagljdlfljeroiewrlkjwerwe what's an occurrence, no eyes,
there's something blocking the light, position or think of the screen as
lagged, fissured, in order that I'm drawn back to the memory of the word;
that's it; it continues; it's behind me; it's a shadow; it's red or raw;
it's on my trail; it spells my end; it's a continuation; it's nothing at
all; remember me, godamndmaandmamaamdmdmdmdmdmadnamndamnd Jennifer,
remember what I did with you, remember what you did to me - there were
always two of us, sometimes more; there was always a dance; there was
always fun in the bushes, your breast filled my mouth - remember me
Jennifer or ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss you'll kill me; if you
forget the hairs on my nipples, my great frog eyes opened wide at the
world - if you forget all that I did for you, all that you let me do to
you - if you lag behind or move ahead, lksjdflksdfoiewrljwrwer caching the
body, circumscribing it - you'd never know that I'd disappear down in the
cracks, that jkjkjkjjjjkjjlklllll I'd trickle through the wood like forced
mercury - you took me, Jennifer, you took me and made me beg for your time
for your liquid, don't forget your begging as well, eyes opened wide, and
they weren't opened at the world, sucking me in, taking me taking
fuckfuckfuckfucklkjdsflksdureiuere you, you took my name - you took my
skin, sutured my mind to your own - don't forget the crease in my penis,
the patterns in the soles of my feet, my large lips peeling layers upon
layers back sdfjkldfiuerjerwkjlrewroiusdfllllkljdsfur787878787787&*& for
the beautiful clothing of the world, for all the beautiful clothing -
what's an occurrence when I can't read you, can't see you - when memory
slams through lag - when I'm isolated her <CONNECTION_BROKEN>


