


what can i say but i'm impossible to live with, be around for any length
of time; i don't know whether i'm coming or going; i have a destructive
relationship to authority as well, don't know my own boundaries; when
depression hits it takes me over and any relationship i'm in at the time;
i can't see beyond it; i drive people away with it; it's a form of death
for me; i can't get beyond the motive;  the chemicals rise with uncanny
precision; i'm caught there in the headlights; they burn forever; they
don't go away; they're a combination torture chamber(lights on) and
cauterization; the mark the boundaries, extend the boundaries, until there
aren't any; until the real is flooded; until existence becomes insomniac;
they continue within the manifold, stain the manifold; the manifold
decays; there are holes in it; nothing seeps out, everything seeps out,
goes nowhere; there are local flows, viscous; drops swell almost to the
bursting point, harden; there are reflections, distorted, among them;
you'd find me there.

it's like trying to think through something and finding that everything
comes into play - you don't know what's hit you, what you're doing, where
you are - it becomes a form of defense, a mechanism to avoid the
simplicity of true and tried research - the authority and labeling that
come about as a result - you keep going over and over again - you get
nowhere - but you're safe behind the wall of words, whatever you can throw
up - you disguise yourself, use another time, recuperate your own; you
huddle in the dark with logos; i get caught at it; it devours me. 

eh, fuck, i can't see what i'm typing these days, the lag's got me, so it
becomes something else, eh, it becomes just a form of meandering, that's
about it; there's nothing else, no content to it, just wondering maybe
about names, places, dates - that's all there is, it exhausts itself. so
what if i give up, the fingers stop for a day or so - you'll have less of
me, think of this as spam, just a reminder - i promise to try and keep the
depression off like water off that duck's back which apparently never did
dive anywhere - can't give you any guarantees - i'd lie if i had to -

sooner or later i'll craft something beautiful again, you'll see; you'll
be amazed, there won't be an error in it, alan's back to his terrific ways
you'll say - for that matter you might just delete all and any of this
before actually coming to the point - which this is - the point of the
thing - this falling off the cliff - heard a song today about the edge of
time, i remarked, to jon, i said, there isn't any of course - we're so
smart in sydney! - and that's the point here, that time hasn't an edge,
that it melts perfectly into the landscape of depression, an alluvial
plain, talus - nothing's visible when everything is -

be glad you don't know me in real life - 


