


Two Meditations


aging, dying:  you don't need to do it well; you sense there's a mystery
to it all; it's not that complicated - it's clear that something is amiss,
that something's not quite right; there's a shadow under the door, you
sense that strings are being pulled; that a great vortex is behind every-
thing and you've known this vortex since you were born; that events pack
themselves in layers and there are too many of them; that landscapes exist
just behind the eyes tightly-closed, whole worlds of images; and you don't
know the source or limit of it, you don't know the parallel paths or metal
sullen skies or marbled grounds; it's just something you sense like you
sense food in a kitchen down the road, the curtains drawn at dusk and the
car back warm in the driveway; it's there, you await it; you know and nev-
er know; you'll know and never know.

drowning in immensity:  lost plasmas devour worlds; destabilizing comets
roar in near the speed of light; vast releases of volcanic ashes plummet
down on unsuspecting earth; seaplumes rise from vast depths; ultraviolet
light sears cellular membranes and cancers reign everywhere on the dying
planet; earthquakes reel in cities and tombs alike; asteroids disrupt all
that is known and familiar; the seas boil, earth headlong flies towards
sun's corona; the enormity of neutron stars disrupt mountains and valleys
with inconceivable tidal forces; black holes destroy whole civilizations;
human masses coalesce into substances gone with carbon and oxygen; hydro-
gen and helium freeze with the corruption of eternal night; bodies are
blasted past the staining of rocks eroded into noctiluminescent dusts;
radiations seethe across sintered continents, distraught oceans; every-
thing slides into viscous waste, white dwarfs down cold, planets slammed
into incomprehension, millimeter mountains shuddered to a halt. 


