


silence, only case of, your face on cuseeme 

silence, the figuring out of something very simple over a long period of
time

the only silence i have found on the Net is jouissance/visage your image
there on cuseeme screen, pensive face turning, stuttering through packet
deliveries that seem somehow invisible; you're there and this is it, the
only silence, something that had never occurred to me before this evening,
this only silence, this moment beyond language or reading, even i would
_say_ the reading of the face, nothing at all, alterity, other, subaltern,
emission, your face, presence, presentification, i would forgo the ideo-
logical component, semiosis, even the fractional-dimensional aspect of
interpretation or constructing of you or through you, what not would be an
accounting of pure presence or the unaccountable, nor that which would
have been announced, this face, this pleasure of the face, this slight
movement, this presence of the eyes, there is no _word_ for it; my breath
holds, collapses the body; leaning in toward the screen; the mutilated
return of the other: as if the language were drawn from me, emptying the
body - as if _nothing_ - your face looking at me, through the screen: this
is the only silence on the Internet; this is the stuff of silence beyond
or otherwise than language.

(everything else is noise, internal reading, clicking, listening, deciph-
ering, constructing, surfing, answering, calling, watching, masturbating,
laughing, crying, speaking, murmuring, whispering, calling up, calling
out, encryption.)


