


The They


Kim, Antonio, Summa, Jason, and myself meandered through Rockingham to Lake
Richmond, finding to no surprise that the small stromatolites (or thrombo-
lites, depending) in the brackish freshwater lake were fully submerged at
the moment. Nothing could be seen from the surface, except startled small
frogs and various forms of waterfowl. We continued down to Lake Clifton, a
thin saline lake paralleling the coast below Mandurah. Locating the north-
ern part of the lake was like combing a raster across a disheveled screen,
but we eventually ended up on a small pier extending across the water; be-
neath us, indeed, were stromatolites, ranging from separate semi-spherical
organisms, to a reef extending for eight kilometers. There were also con-
ical stromatolites visible in the deeper waters, untroubled by the algae
covering that threatens the ones in shallower and brighter areas - fertil-
izer draining into the lake has done its damage.

Although there were numerous tiny scavengers around the reef (which exten-
ded from the shore out about fifty feet at this point), the overall effect
was one of desolation and solitude; this was the briefest of glimpses into
the early precambrian, when the solar system was perhaps a third to a quar-
ter as old as it is today. The inertness of the habitus, its alien and dis-
tant quality, were enough for awe; the stromatolites seem hardly emerged
from some primeval stone matrix. They cling to organic and inorganic simul-
taneously, and perhaps over billions of years oxygenated the atmosphere
itself, preparing the planet for other faster forms of life.

Very little surprises me, but this felt like a return where none should be,
and the long detumescence or denouement of a temporality based on breath.
There was nothing virtual about these entities, and for a moment or a gap,
there was nothing virtual about the precambrian as well.

When I can, I will send an image for downloading.

