


fuckin hell jerry disconnect


groovy, bummer, bad trip, bad vibes. where are chris and don. far out. 
groovy, bummer, bad trip, bad vibes. where are they. this place has bad
vibes. like i don't wanna be here. like let's split. i mean this place is
far out. this place is a bad trip. like let's get going. it's not groovy
any more. it's like death. it's like forty years ago. like joanna was born
almost ten years after. like jennifer's grown into me. groovy, bummer, bad
trip, bad vibes. like it's time. like we waited for 1984, like for 2000. 
like we waited for 3000, it doesn't matter. nothing matters, it's a bad
trip. i was sleeping you know and spit out mouthfuls of flesh. listening
to country joe you know. like it was groovy and everything and then it was
a bad trip. like the vibes aren't right

i want to assault you with the vibes. i want to claw holes in you with the
bad trip. i want to dig grooves in you. bummer. where are chris and don.
like it's nothing. like it's not groovy here. like cyberspace is a bad
trip. like it's run by the military industrial complex. like there's
nothin going on. like i can't trust anyone. it's totally fucked man. it's
totally fucked. dig, like a groove in my skull. dig, like it's a bad trip,
man. like where are the uppers, man. groovy, bummer. bummer. like it's
cool, you know. where's sue. like it's really cool. let's split, man. like
there's nowhere to go. like that's cool. 

bummer, like that's really far out. you kill me man. i mean it. like let's
off them. like you know what i mean. bummer, hey i got experience what the
song's about. like it's 4000 and i say four thousand what. like it doesn't
matter, be cool and let me do the talkin. like she'll be ok she's trippin.
try some acid man. got windowpane for you no pane no gain. like the pigs
look right through it man. bummer. gail offed herself. like she was
trippin you know and then she wasn't you know and then she was. like she
walked smack into that train. bummer. like it wasn't her fault. i mean who
do you trust. it could have been forever man. like it was gone you know
what i mean. like she's better off even if she ain't. like you know what i
mean.

this place has bad vibes. nobody knows your name, i mean what's the point
man. it's a bummer. like i'd split but it just goes round. like maybe i'm
trippin or somethng. this space is a fuckin tumor. it just goes round
like it's been around man. it didn't even get goin until years after '68.
like that's cool man but it didn't know that stuff. like it just popped up
like a nightmare. way late. like a tumor, it's a fuckin tumor. it keeps
growin every time you turn around. there's acid all over the place be cool
but it's bummer acid you know. like it's spiked or something or the vibes
are wrong. like we're dead man we just fuckin dead. like we didn't even
live you get it walk the walk talk the talk. like we split like evil baby.

fuck i forgot how to write this stuff's good stuff. like a bad trip you
know though, ain't noway out. like steal this book you know. like where
you goin to find it. like it was groovy you know then a bummer. like a bad
trip like it's got bad vibes all over this place. i got a feeling. i sense
things you know man. like man it's a bummer. like it's a real bummer. like
i'm dead blam blam disconnect. like i'm dead like nam disconnect. like i'm
dead like janis disconnect. like jimi disconnect. like digger disconnect. 
like provo disconnect. you know provo man. like i can't drop out. like
drop out disconnect. like jerry disconnect. like abbie disconnect. like
the owl disconnect. i knew the owl. he was a friend a mine. like the owl
disconnect. like it's a bad trip. like it's not groovy. like it's a
bummer. like bad vibes man. like bad vibes hangin in the air. like it's
a bummer. like disconnect man. like i can't disconnect. like i'm dead man. 
bad trip bad vibes, like i'm dead.


