


unplugged


Jennifer marches into the darkened auditorium. She has memorized the path
to the podium, center stage; she stands behind it, and speaks. She leaves
quickly because something is wrong; it's the podium. She turns the lights
on low, walks to the podium, moves it to one side. She's careful about
this. The podium glides silently across the hardwood floor.

Jennifer marches into the darkened auditorium. She has memoried the path
to the podium, center stage; she stands alone, facing the invisible audi-
ence. She begins to speak. She has worked out a routine, and follows
through for several minutes. Something is wrong; it's the routine. She
leaves carefully, goes home through the darkened streets, to her apartment
on the third floor. She turns on a light. She leaves and returns to the
auditorium.

Jennifer marches into the darkened auditorium. She has memoried the path
to the podium, center stage; she stands alone, facing the invisible audi-
ence. She begins to speak. She speaks and speaks, and she does not track
her speaking, but rides her speech, returning to themes again and again.
She is brilliant and speaking in real time and in real time her words are
lost to the invisible audience. She rides her speech, speaking only when
her breath is exhaling, following the pauses, riding the curves of the
dependent and independent clauses. She tells and she does not tell.

Jennifer is or is not satisfied but she has spoken and whole worlds of
language have blossomed and collapsed. Nothing was found within them and
with her eyes she could not see the reaction of the invisible audience and
with her ears she could not hear their reaction either. 


