


Apropos Writing/Research (from Dosse, Histoire du Structuralisme) 


"Convaincu alors de ne jamais pouvoir faire une carriere universitaire,
Levi-Strauss se lance dans l'ectriture de Tristes Tropiques 'que je n'au-
rais jamais ose publier si j'avais ete engage dans une competition quel-
conque pour une position universitaire.' Cet episode cet symptomatique
d'un moment ou la force et l'innovation du programme structuraliste tien-
nent a leur capacite a deborder l'institution universitaire, a trouver
d'autres canaux de legitimation. C'est grace a ce detour que Levi-Strauss
doit d'etre intervenu au moment le plus opportun, en se presentant comme
un philosophe du voyage. Dans son regard, il y a un melange de scientifi-
cite, de litterature, de nostalgie des originees perdues, de culpabilite
et de redemption qui rend son ouvrage inclassable."

(He says that convinced he wouldn't have a university job Levi-Strauss was
able to publish something he wouldn't dare to otherwise, Tristes Trop-
iques. He says this has to do with structuralism's innovations which had
to find other channels of legitimation. He says this way there's a whole
range of science, literature, nostalgia for lost origins, guilt and redem-
ption in the book which makes it unclassifiable. I'd like to think he says
that writing's not for the university, but that the university's for writ-
ing, but he doesn't say that, and the university's not for that. He says
this in French and goes on to talk about the other in ethnography, quest
for the self. I'd think TT wonderful for cyber-ethnographies, self-meshing
across imaginary realms. I wouldn't want to _do_ it in a course.)

