


Tsk-Tsk-Tsk's Naughty Boys and Girls


"The worked evoked, despite the installation's low profile and absolute
stillness, the crowded bars, earsplitting music and visual spectacle
inside one of those habitually attended haunts, the disco. And here, as
there, the spectator could passive meander through the environment, and
would inevitably become all body. 

"To such inhabitants of the 'second degree,' nothing except the manner and
power of a quotation is new. The only quality in a fiction seems to be in
its retelling, hence Philip Brophy of Tsk-Tsk-Tsk could claim: 'I feel
that you can't make anything without it having meaning that is already
there. You can't really do pure things because you've got a whole history
behind you. In that sense it's redundant for us to bother, but we are
still working with expediency.'" 

(From Paul Taylor, Australian 'New Wave' and the 'Second Degree,' 1981, in
What is Appropriation, edited by Rex Butler.)

Tsk-Tsk-Tsk rearranged "'pure' melodies and rhythmic structures into load-
ed 'second degree' objects'" which constituted a "semantic blockage in the
everyday significatory system" through their use of disco. Their dead-end-
ing zero-degree music was paralleled by an fierce exhaustion read into
later works by SPK, Cabaret Voltaire, Throbbing Gristle, dragging metal
into bang-bang NIN; so much for industry. There was nowhere else to go.

These are zero moments of technological culture; industry's always repe-
titive, like neurosis; and like neurosis, it produces ob-jects. Culture
and manufacture lay their trails; we get glued tothe spoor.

Raw bang slammed into rave tracks; Stelarc wired the stuttered body. His
language is classical. Meantime, disco gone retro, rave gone cyborg, in-
dustrial music gone pop, other stuff come up all-the-time just like kick-
ing out the jams and jellies, motherfuckers.

You should have heard Tsk-Tsk-Tsk (I did) but why.


