


searching everywhere on the internet, examining the body and its surround-
ings, I wonder only what could be this discourse spoken of, at the margins
of the skin, a membrane, coagulation - what Nicole Brossard oozed into her
writings or feminin ecriture herself. or if not that, what? a program act-
ivates language, still confined within the borders of the screen; rumor or
idle conversation confounds formal presentation, and tone of voice or song
transforms elsewhere, but always the same.

it is the televisual iridescence that pulls, vacuums, the world of signs,
such that desire clothes itself, translucency nonetheless; I'd say it's
the pull of capital at work, since language lacks domain, silence to speak
(and silence is not language, but I speak of the silence in language, the
hearth of quietude, concentration-without-advertisement), silence to place
and of place.

The televisual is the gift of clever alterity, skimming beneath a surface
always already constructed in webpage or screen; it splays into literal
deferment, gaping at the end - it's there that defuge sets in, difference
continues with the breath.

Paralleling Mick Carter's analysis of cosmetics (forthcoming), it's the
sign that separates us from everything else - _because the sign can be
disconnected_ and the real - its coagulation - can't be.

In reading, we're concerned with _radical disconnection,_ yearning for the
implicit mythos of the ikonic body, the body which is _there_ as alterity
is. But it is within the gaps that the specific silence of thought, non-
symbolic, imaginary, can be found; it's the necessity which reading opens
and proffers.

Think of this, and the gap unto, the gap beyond, the line.




