



Future Antlerian Tensed


What can any of us do in the face of the economic disaster that is looming
on the immediate horizon? For at the same time that automation replaces
the working class, the upper class atrophies and increases its wealth; 
further, their goods are increasingly produced by automation, lowering the
costs relevant to their expanded spending power. Buried under mountains of
consumer debris, the fetishization of microtechnology, the upper class
bifurcates into those of the truly wealthy who abjure the electronic,
returning to horses and haciendas, and the rest of them, living in virtual
realities, albeit without helmet - all wealth produces virtual realities,
the absence of manual labor, printed materials, revolutions and glares on
the level of the street. 

Capital _is_ thereby the acquisition of the virtual, just as quantifica-
tion within capital is the signifier of the virtual. Good or bad Marx, let
us not forget this. 

What can any of us do? I would say nothing, the cultivation of nothing, of
emptiness, participation in the sports and hermeneutics of the void. Our
goal is starvation - our means, these keyboards which portend already the
replacement of speech. No longer remembering our origins, we memorize our
destination, the diminution or denouement whose reign is so totalizing
that no _of_ is necessary. Diminution/denouement, no longer bound to the
signifier, wreak havoc as machinery of the zero degree proceeds apace: 
which is not to say that it will not _rewrite its own degree,_ just as
_rewrite_ itself has become our provenance, as we continue to assert our
existence. 


