






My Life, A True Story, Will We Live, The Neighbors, Flogging Cyberspace


So I'm staying in this house now. And next door the electricity is off and
the tenants have been asked to move, but they're still present; you can
hear them through the walls. A few days ago this house, this side of it,
was robbed; the computers and other equipment and wine and beer were all
taken and then what. Nothing, someone came home and then computers were
found down at the beach and they don't work any more. So the neighbors
said they found the computers but the wine in the fridge? So the neighbors
and computers? So there's threatening because what parts were found next
door and to what avail and for what purpose. But the door has been rebuilt
on this side of the house and the police of course haven't done much of
anything. But cybermaterials don't work well waterlogged, you should know
that immediately because that's part of the story. So now there is incom-
ing and outgoing and the police might know that there are things there. At
the neighbors. The neighbors. Now maybe the hard drive can be reassembled
or isn't corroded in spite of what could be the seaweed on the laptop case
that was found without the laptop; there were three units stolen altoge-
ther and one can only imagine someone with a trident down there or Athena
rising with a mouse or keyboard, but meanwhile I am sitting worried work-
ing with the fear that a second breakin will ensue; after all the distance
is about the thickness of six inches between one part of the house and the
next, and then I will need a pickax which I do not have, nor do I neces-
sarily understand how to use it. So where are the components? Did I men-
tion a carboy of wine, 60 bottles as well, were also taken, and this over
the happy holidays, gifts for all, including fish, of motherboards and RAM
chips? Now there are burbling sounds next door and who knows... I may or
may not be back later, dears...


