


Phenomenology of Immensity


All other philosophies dissolve; the phenomenology of immensity, the rim
of the sublime, the infinite, remains. Life is a narrow-bandwidth occur-
rence. The phenomenology of immensity sweeps life and earth away, opens
gaping maw to the cosmos, realizes the futility and absurdity of this and
every other gesture.

The only certainties are those of the abjection of earth: plasmas, dark
matter, high energy, void, virtual particles, irradiations, black holes,
temperatures of annihilation, neutron stars, tidal forces, early and late
universes, inflationary universes with dissolute constants. Mind is matrix
and closure; death foreclosures, gropings die in mud slacked to cold ice
and dissolution. 

When you start with this stuff, you end with this stuff; the phenomenology
of immensity, like identity, necessarily short-circuits. It's this that
creates radical disconnect, that takes away anyone in their own good time. 

The rest, the ethics, the fears, depressions, representations, goes by the
wayside. The wayside, burned atoms, curls. Nothing remains/inscribed. Be-
gin with the nought, end with the knot, burned, gone. Recognize the idle
chatter.

Humanity began with stories; it's got a while to tell them. They claw be-
cause they're spoken, temporary stases. The flow engulfs. Drowning is sign
and portent. 

The longer we grope _there,_ the more the phenomenology of immensity lends
itself to the evacuation of the real. We stain ourselves in possibility.
Radical disconnect of language permits anything with fingers pressed
against anxious eyes. Shift, live outside ourselves. Self-immolation is
the order of the day. Less is more, more is less, etc. It doesn't even
matter. It doesn't even even.


