


ii P of I


The phenomenology of immensity is not a phenomenology. It can neither de-
scribe nor articulate. It refuses framework, is the refuse of framework
and the framework of refuse. Language ridicules itself (here, within). 

Thus there is no site from which to begin articulation. Immensity is not
sublime; it is the exhaustion of the species. Any ethics, psychogeography,
psychoanalytics, philosophy, that does not begin with the stain and its
absence, with a-memory and disconnect, with turning the other('s) face, 
is doomed to locally succeed.

Hahaha the gods are laughing. Hahaha there aren't any.

Statistically, the resolute begins with a random sequence of sufficient 
length that it almost certainly won't be generated during the lifespan of
the universe; 64 H's and T's with a coin will do (I pointed this out in
An,ode, 1968). Time is easier to bridge and circumvent in this manner; it
is the inertness of space and space-time that leads to the phenomenology
and its corruption.

And individuation with the 64 (at a throw a second) is meaningless within
the burned atoms of plasma, surface of a neutron star, violation fabric of
quasar, interminable corruption of information within a spewed black hole.
Not to mention deaths of the human and other scrabbling biomoleculars
scattered across the cosmos. (Statistics lie / there.)

Nothing's looking at us. Aliens wouldn't solve the problem of isolation.
Star Trek crafts spread the stain several-fold. Bridging is the symbolic;
the inert, pratico-nothing (is) the real.

Like a flat lid, simile doesn't survive. Stain dries, flakes, dissolves,
absences. Annihilation fabric (of) the real, etc. (P of I turns in upon
itself, repeats language, gesture, moment. Huddles, remembers language. 
Memorial of the unsaid. Speaks while it can. Retains the parenthetical.)


