




The Beautiful Garden


There is a Beautiful Community Garden a block from here which is the last
remnants of the physical neighborhood, the neighborliness of the area, the
nice love that fills the earth with plants and creates havens. Now the
Beautiful Garden fence is covered with ribbons of all colors (see .jpg if
you are on Cybermind, and Imagine if you are on Fop-l), because evil dev-
elopers are already ploughing the fence down to build another store we
don't need because the borough of Brooklyn sold out and you can read all
about it, said Jennifer, in the Daily News or Park Slow Courier. There
have been local meetings and we have written to Howard Golden the Brooklyn
president but it does not look good because the developers just don't care
about feelings here and the need of families to feel rooted. Already there
are outpatient clinics, a mall, unemployment and welfare offices in the
area, all of which are fine, but the area is under siege and there are
less places for children and the garden which is my place for roots and
leaves, said Jennifer, will be no more. And community gardens are our last
contact with the earth outside of cyberspace, she continued, since every-
thing else here is transient; rents are going up and poor people like our-
selves have no place to go. Oh Oh Oh this is the oldest story in the book,
she cried, it's the same all over the city as the Rich get Richer and run
around with their Private Fenced Parks while the rest of us cannot hold
onto the tiniest bit of Green, not even this Garden of Eden which has
taken so many thousands of loving hours to create. So everyone has put
Ribbons on the Fence and there are Thousands of Ribbons but they will make
mulch for Bulldozer Blade. Now I will go back to my loving Cyberspace
which is also under Horror Development but there are still tiny places for
me to sing and sit, and I will sit there in my Frock for a long long time
because the Dream won't go away.


