


Useless Routines


Learning pinball for Win95, the delicate timing of the ball release plun-
ger, for example: learning real-life pinball in Kingston, Pennsylvania
and Atlanta, Georgia: the quick movement of tensed fingers on a sopranino
saxophone: pressing into Margaret's back releasing tension _just there_:

Life and lives constructed from finesse, worked and reworked into worlds
opening beneath one's fingertips, through tonguing, arm-movement, the
shudder of palm against wood, skin against metal: worlds and worlds for-
gotten, lost forever, dim memories of movement embedded in flesh and its
urgency: negotiating complexity of glance, disgust, refusal:

Adapting to isolation of Tasmanian mini-bushwalk routing on hungered
nervous walk to university: rewriting the problematic of art and its
word ("art") as conceptualism moves into high gear: learning all those
California type-setting tray positions: air-gun loft-wall firing in
Montreal, Quebec: loving the complex topography of clitoris, labia,
openings, sites of pleasure with sound, and my scribbled flutters of
obeyance: 

Oh, it is time to say goodbye to these worlds, these tiny meanderings un-
folding into universal geographies, cosmic roadmaps, highways and biways
and sweet visitations: these perfections of care: these narratives of in-
habitation:

And oh: it is time to understand them, worlds without death, with skill,
with the beauty of comprehension, inscribed: emptied of everything: lost
with the loss of the body: the exact measure of throwing a discus, hard
rubber or wood tugged at the whirling arm: slimmed underwater torpedo-
body, breath held for the duration: sucking-penis dreams, my own curled
back into my eager lips and mouth: writing one or another runic alphabet
in numerous scripts, some self-created: understanding the deep taxonomy
of carboniferous flora as my hands tremble above another yet-unopened
stone: increasing speed of tetris:


