


Writing the


With Jennifer, I attempt to _write the virtual,_ implying _writing virtual
wryting,_ discovering a certain poverty of theory or theoretical strategy,
along the way. For it is a commonplace that one _writes the body,_ _writes
the feminine,_ _the masculine,_ that one need no longer write per se, but
may writes the positioning of the writing (or its deconstruction and/or 
problematic) per se.

_Here_ as well as within the closure of the sememe, in spite of rigid des-
ignators/proper names/natural kinds, writing is always already virtual, a
state of affairs which binds wryting as well. So there are _lamina_ of
content and ostensible content at work, Jennifer lost in the interstices.

The failure of _every_ account I have read of virtuality, virtual subject-
ivity, is also the failure of representation to deconstruct itself, or to
deconstruct itself to the floor of nonsense, noise, udderance, chora/ab-
jection. This failure is also the strength of representation, which can't
resist its minimal doubling.

The results are discursive formations that attempt either anec/dotage or
circumscription, circumambulation, an entanglement of epistemological pro-
cesses. There are no other. 

There are no other because there are no boundaries, only borderlinings
which may or may not possess interiors. Borderlinings are porous, tentac-
led, dissolute; every application has been hacked, extended, reconstruc-
ted, operative as aural core. Virtual subjectivities (beyond subjects)
extend through names, attributes, sites, discursive formations, search-
engine listings, home-pages, links, citations, image/audio files; and
within the theoretical, _here,_ _writing the virtual_ dissolves, proble-
matizes, borderlines itself. The same is true for _any_ medium, which
automatically falters, just as _writing the masculine,_ say, is a falter-
ing or a positioning (even ideological) beyond a writing which might,
stereotypically, be taken as _masculine writing._ (And such a taking or
prejudice already prejudices the strategy, erects itself, collapses.)

So the writing _of_ Jennifer, to the extent it's claimed by Jennifer, Jen-
nifer's writing, may succeed as borderlining, but the _writing of Jenni-
fer,_ with its implicit _wryting,_ lends itself to a variety of styles,
approaches, elsewhere than the analytical, which then becomes a form of
talking-analysis or transference. And as for writing the virtual in gen-
eral, that tends towards the anecdote, CMC itself a tangled knot of narra-
tives, Jennifer said. (This is one reason that progress already foreclosed
in the beginning; on-liners tend towards compulsive repetition, email
lists cycle themselves, MOOs rise and collapse, avatars come and go...)

(I've written previously on the strategy of ", Jennifer said" which _pre-
cisely_ confuses categories, performative strategies, and actant; the in-
verse is the re/presentation of dialog as cohering, slipped through with
_meaningless_ or inconclusive subjects.)


