


tremulous connectivity, final internet


planetary populations suffused across polluted boundaries, net surviving
through blackhole loops run by thermal generation. there are the last
heaves of carbon life, nothing to replace it. earth transforms into re-
pository of final information, data-bank earth temporarily engulfed in the
remnants of organization. it will be that way for some time. I can feel it
in my bones, time's _quality_ assuaged into the inconceivable. time mur-
murs through me, veins suffused with planetary populations.

let that be a beginning while there is still the space to write, the time
to tell. 

the nothing to tell. buried in time's tel. the truancy and interpenetra-
tion of systems: ecological, war, economic, medical, immune, technologic-
al. I place my plattered texts in this space only to have it denied; never
mind. I place my texts _here_ let us say as asteroid hits earth, nova ex-
plodes, icecaps melt, zero vacuum spreads, another war. the lights are go-
ing on all over europe. (what is silent, _silenced_ in space is not within
the sound itself; plasma reverberations hear themselves in the midst of
transvaluation of all values, thonged, timed out.)

what would turn them off is idle time, remission, server disconnects,
timeouts all over the Net, sparkling hacked computers remaining for their
million hour hard-drives. energy wouldn't end, wither; it's a done/gone
deal.

there are no creatures to grapple with time, with serrated edges, with
strength against gravity, with silicon brainstorms. pinball circuitry
sends my texts with the proper deathdrive. soon all is still when all is
still. 

I don't call an address _millennarian._


