


Teaching in Temporality


Each Net class, instance, of the Internet Access Culture and Community
course has been arranged differently, as the result of the physical space
intersecting with the virtual.

The first class we sat in rows, without hardware. The second, we sat in a
circle, went upstairs to watch someone, me, demonstrate a Unix shell
account on a student's computer in a full and busy lab; all but six of my
students left.

In the third, we had the luxury of a computer apparently but not really
connected to the school LAN; the result was again a Unix shell, this time
projected, the students returned to the row, this time sloppy row, con-
figuration.

In the fourth, today, we had PPP; a cable broke, we replaced the projec-
tor by an overhead and display screen; the students sat in rows after the
class began, a few up in front, circular, at the beginning.

I always get in troubles, with these intersections; they transgress the
normative boundaries of the modernist university, make life difficult for
everyone. I'm not teaching this particular course in a computer lab, but
through a consortium of the Parsons Design Department and Lang Liberal
Arts College; we're using a section of an auditorium, blocked off from the
rest. The result? Stunning possibilities in the midst of real-life confu-
sion. 

If it were solely a matter of computation, like my work at the Computer
Instruction Center, no problem at all. Place two students in front of each
machine, and let the network fly (or fail, as the case may be). But using
what could be considered a background _on the order of a discursive field,
the model for the liberal arts, perhaps - things begin to fail; the skele-
ton is not in place, equipment is borrowed, reconfigured, discarded, and
worlds senselessly intermingle, confuse everyone... 

(And as I've pointed out elsewhere, there are always Net interruptions,
sites down, widely varying student backgrounds and access...)


