


Home


What constitutes _home_ on the Internet for you? On a MOO, @dig creates a
space; on lpmuds, Wizards can create workrooms, etc. I have two spaces on
two talkers, given to me courtesy of the talker-owner; I wrote the text,
and she configured them. On three MOOs, I have spaces; typing @home takes
me to them. They're minimally oriented.

On IRC, one can create or /join a home channel. For some, certain news-
groups or email lists are homes.

A home space, in another sense, can imitate the body through _extension_ -
on ytalk, the self appears on the _upper half_ of the screen, and the
textual space becomes proxy for the situated body.

Home has a sense of familiarity, embodiment, history, familiality, com-
munity about it; it appears somewhat normative, and most often constitutes
a synchronous or asynchronous social space with friends or at least "com-
fortable" characters. A home often exists within an application that is
also well-understood, friendly, familiar, for the viewer. It may possess
the appearance of personal belongings or stigmata as well - the @operator
sign in IRC, scattered objects and descriptions in MOO, even the Net add-
ress which often appears on the divider-of-the-other in ytalk (talk or
ntalk).

A home is a dwelling, an inhabitation, a circumscription of territory. It
often possesses the notion of parallel structures - _I am here,_ you're in
a similar space _there,_ or have built yourself _there,_ or are a user or
operator on my channel. In email lists, newsgroups, home becomes almost a
purely discursive formation; on newsgroups, however, the message-threading
in the newsreader often gives the appearance of a memorial wall, replete
with the structured appearance of community.

Can one have multiple-homes here? What constitutes a home for you? For my-
self, a home conjures up a space which can be privatized, and which is
connected with one or another form of distribution - my MOO-homes bear a
certain relationship to the other spaces on the MOOs, as well as relation-
ships to other participants. On newsgroups and email lists, my homes have
to do with the discursive formation as a whole, the tenor and forms of
posts, histories of participants and the newsgroup/email list as a whole,
etc. (In my case, they also have to do with the reception of my text/s,
connected as well with the wryting of body, Jennifer, Alan, and so forth.)

Finally, what is meant by a _home-page,_ other than familiarity when log-
ging into the Web? This is the homepage set in Netscape, MSE, etc.; a sec-
ond use of _home-page_ refers, of course, to one's personal URL. But one
doesn't _live,_ _inhabit,_ one's home-page; instead, it becomes an emblem-
book or readerly space of the formalization of personhood - "favorite
links," resumes, writings, photographs, mailto://, and the like. One might
consider _this_ form of home a spatial extension - one moves through the
links of another - and the other homes, temporal extensions - one resides
in the hearths of oneself.


