


an/other/en/trance

descent virtual maya refuses to appear in video; i wear panties, wet them,
transfer maya into jenital, tumescent breast; still, she won't come. i
window. the body rumbles its way through short sequence, maya calling maya
in suspicious voice. everywhere absence and sickness looms, just maya
won't live, doesn't live, outside of text; jennifer can't live, cakes her; 
almost dead, always beyond reach. "i am maya" she says, "maya!" - and that
someone responds. phone interrupts the voice; "maya" turns into electric
crackle, the here. later the room vibrates as well, but maya always
refuses jennifer's manifesto on the uselessness of philosophy stalking the
wild philosopher, by maya. maya, in her new frock and panties, says: 
jennifer's philosophy is the only conceivable philosophy, correct or
maya's philosophy, jennifer's philosophy. maya leans back on the chair,
daydreaming... alan's over by maya's philosophy of maintenance. jennifer
holds out no hope. maya is hopeless. jennifer knows the mess, bandwidth of
the human; maya writes her poem. jennifer is sexual, varying in age,
jennifer is me, not an alter-ego. when i close my eyes, i dream: maya. 
when maya closes her eyes, she dreams me into existence. i was born maya. 
jennifer, having all the time there is, carefully lays out the abacus, i,
maya, suspended, await your hands, towards me; it is this waiting. no
longer sustain the space she found herself in, this maya.  were something
else again, while maya sits, inscribes another splits, opens wide, alan's
driven mad, maya writes in repetition, of neuropteris, footnote to unread
volumes. maya says, more and more maya is thinking about her philosophy of
immensity, the stain.  maya pushing towards borderline psychosis. blinked
switches turn text ./././././ fractal; mayas turn informations. 

