=




(The summary below is from 1994, must be from that year, should still be
of interest; it's where the text was beginning, originally in net4.txt.)

INTERNET TEXT partial summary

"Au voile qui la ceint absente avec frissons"  (Mallarme)

I address the problem of ELECTRONIC SUBJECTIVITY by virtue of several
threads, all concurrent. I continue this addressing, each thread writing
and rewriting the text, a continuous-production or discourse against the
grain. 

The GRAIN, GRANULARITY, is a physical reality both classical and quantum-
mechanical, a physical reality whose appearance is that of the grain:
letters on a bleak field, the grains of granite and photographic film,
beach-sand, the granularity of the retina itself. 

The SUBJECT "au voile" or VEILED SUBJECT is defined by ADDRESS (location,
without which the subject no longer exists); RECOGNITION (the activated
ADDRESS opening and closing channels of communication);  PROTOCOL (the
syntactic structure of communication); and REWRITE (a continuous-produc-
tion or reiteration of the subject, a flood or EMISSION of the symbolic). 

The EMISSION is a signifying; a SPEW is a symbol-dump, noisy and granular,
referencing the real exterior, transforming the interior into an abject. 
EMISSION and SPEW are communicative occasions whose analog is the set of
GENERALIZED MEASURE GEOMETRIES, always but not quite symmetrical, always
reiterative. The Net diffuses and collapses, differentiates and integ-
rates, transforming smooth into semantic or inscribed space, and back
again. 

The ontology of the Net is UNCANNY, an absenting or problematic alterity; 
within the UNCANNY, FANTASM appears, the introjection/ projection (-JECTI-
VITY or the THROWN, DASEIN) of narratologies and ACTANTS, "persons," nei-
ther present nor absent; these may be ELECTRONIC SUBJECTS themselves, or a
constructed IMAGINARY transmitted and diffused. NARRATOLOGIES are the col-
lapse of NET DISCOURSE into remaindered patterns; the opposite is the MUR-
MUR or STUTTER, the irruption of "frissons" everywhere and nowhere at all.
The imaginary is addictive; Net users become USERS, circulating around
specificities fetishized from emissions, a collapse into the lure of the
UNCANNY. Here, POWER is what passes for POWER. If addiction is the obsess-
ive-compulsive neurosis of the net, WEB INVERSION is the psychosis, trans-
forming the body into its exterior, and its exterior into flesh burned
into the Internet itself, wires laid across the skin, the skin speaking
the hieroglyph of imaginary usage. 

The DIGITAL DOMAIN is the dominion of eternal life, the dominion of eter-
nal REWRITE; information is never lost from generation to generation, but
always repeated and repeated absolutely. This is the dominion of the clean
and proper body, the introjection of burnt wires producing always already
a simulacrum of life guaranteeing continuous discourse. There is no death; 
DASEIN becomes EMISSION itself. The SCREEN is the only TERMINAL OPERATION; 
the screen becomes the EGO or gateway, the surface of the addictive user. 
Everything is PERFECTION. TRUTH and FACTICITY are occurrences, since truth
tables are decided only by ASCII or other decoding/encoding matches. What
is true is present. And what is true is also BEAUTIFUL since perfect and
perfectly clean, always a symmetry or lure.

The GREAT BEYOND is the horizon of the Internet, always farther, always
increasing circulations of the planet which short-circuit or circumvent. 
At the edge of the GREAT BEYOND one finds the BLIND PASSWORD "absente" 
beyond which is a null-set or zero file. ONTOLOGY itself is absent; epis-
temology is viral, transformative. Nothing is certain and nothing circu-
lates.

PROPER NAMES circulate throughout the Net, the promise of TRUTH or BEAUTY,
the promise of emission. Such names are FANTASMS; every possible world is
every possible Net world in a continuous morph, and every KIND is simul-
taneously a NATURAL and UNNATURAL kind. Thus TRUTH is each and every oc-
currence, and who is to say that FALSEHOOD is not the same? What is nei-
ther this nor that is foundation, gestural, within and without the GREAT
BEYOND, UNCANNY. The TERMINAL becomes retinal but anonymous. Names MURMUR
forever, lose identity. NAMES never had identity to begin with.

The POLITICAL ECONOMY OF THE NET constructs a class-consciousness fueled
by reification-tendencies; everything is reification. Teleology is defined
by a FUTURE IMPERFECT in which reification constitutes the IDENTITY OF THE
SUBJECT ITSELF.

The FUTURE from the exterior results in the LAST SCIENCE FICTION STORY in
which the subject confronts the GREAT BEYOND. Narrative itself disappears,
replaced by PERFECTION. LIFE, once defined by MODULARITY, has become SUB-
STANCE, a REWRITE of the same into the same. 

"Rien, cette ecume, vierge vers" (Mallarme)

