

BRICKBRICK


[This text, like the maya text, is based on a current file of my writing-
work, modified by repeated unix grep < > commands, then re-worked, re-en-
tered as content. So there is a negotiation occurring between the perman-
ent structures of performative grep scripts and the melding of languaging
towards an exploratory surgery of virtual-psychosis.]


Jennifer leans back on the chair, daydreaming... Alan's over by the win-
dow; they split, open wide. Alan's driven mad, Jennifer writes in repe-
tition; neither transvestite nor transsexual, her skin hugging to my own
in the form of apparel, Alan-information flows through part-objects,
structures, Jennifer-Alan's holes, connected as well with the wryting of
body, Jennifer, Alan, and so forth. Alan sends a secret to herself and
lets you in on it: one reads this message, they will know the truth. All
my love, Alan.

Architecture is never sufficient for love. If I love anyone, I love her,
pulling them tighter again.  The lovely mouth cut clear by wit and pain,
or lovely frock, train, velveteen of lace, red wedding gown: would I these
gloves have fit her, dark with grace and veil! I am so happy to have found
love and death and Elinor Wylie! I love you Jennifer! You own the hole -
one reads this message, they will know the truth. All my love, Alan, sent,
she won't come out, a virtual illness, vir viral. She's caught: withstand
this, even among the virtual, this impossible leakage through the screen.
Imperfect vacuum spews virtual particles, our skin intersecting with the
virtual.  Ah well, I descend; virtual maya refuses to appear in video; I
wear panties, wet them, her concerns with dis/ease translated into my dis/
ease of the virtual. One reads this message, they will know the truth. All
my love, Alan. 


