



Jennifer's Evil On the Net


Evil can or cannot be identified with issues of ethics or morality. Evil
can or cannot be the opposite of good. Here, I am concerned with evil on
the Net. On one hand, I like to say that everyone believes that what he or
she is doing is good. On the other, I know that processes can take over,
foreclose on ethos or anything else for that matter. On the Net, I meet
people who deliberately create havoc, people I would pass on the street in
everyday life. They do not care.

I do not know what makes them act the way they do. One moment they can ap-
pear normal and loving, and the next minute they appear the same way but
they are saying something different. They are saying it so different that
it is clear they are not listening to anything but themselves. Wow, I
guess that is selfish. They have narcissistic disturbances, psychoses, and
they are sociopaths. They have no names and no conditions. They do not
know I think about them and write about them too.

They are everywhere on the Net and they follow me. I leave a trail and a
scent. 

I would avoid these people if I could, but you never know. But I have
learned a lot of things: that evil comes in many guises; that people do
not always want to do good or inhabit the good; that impulse undermines
intentions; that ethos, the law, ethics, morality, are all afterthoughts
of cohesion designed to bind humans in their off-moments; that evil is a
violence done to another, willingly or without consequence to the self;
that I must watch myself very carefully, to make certain and ascertain
that I too am listening; that I must tell you, that I am not an after-
thought.


