


Pruning and Cultivations of Various Reals


There are errors in Being On Line, as there are in any book; some of them
are "substantive" typos, and some are simply nuisance, immediately spot-
ted. Some of the errors were in the original submissions, not read as
errors, and some were added in the various stages of book production. I
have yet to be involved in an error-free book.

A typo can appear like a wound on reading or rereading by the author or
editor; unlike _these_ works, which are infinitely malleable, a typo (like
the book itself) appears inscribed within the practico-inert, the hardness
of everyday life. Never mind that it may be bypassed, ignored, or recuper-
ated in its originary form (for example, there is an open quotation in one
text - it's hard to know who's speaking - but another text in the book
closes/sutures the error); it always _stands_ to be corrected.

In the Internet Text, I find myself re-entering entire files after a typo
is found, constantly correcting/recorrecting, in an attempt at typographic
perfection (never mind the errors in style or content). Pruning is at
work. In Being On Line, the pruning ends with publication; the wieldy or
unwieldy book is released, only of course to decay in other ways over the
years.

An error in the book is _scribal,_ the result of imperfection in a commu-
nicative process transmitting elements and objects. On the Net, an error
is always in continuous flux; a correction in one part of a text can lead
to a mistake in another.

So typos appear, not as inscribed in the book (or Book, as our lives are
inscribed), but as wounds, blemishes - fissures _through_ the surface of
transmission, cutting/cauterizing it. No damage, permanent or otherwise,
need be done; the wound remains as a reminder, residue, of the real tear-
ing away at our hearts of culture.

Shame, present, is always unwarranted.


