


Tiny Home


Creating home-page "Narcissistic Disturbance," images splayed across four
frames, liquid fluxes of nipples, panties, mouths, intermingled dribbled
texts, doubled-targeted imaginary. Screen pours wide for text. Everyone
knows I can look in any fluid and see myself. So Jennifer runs down: 

maya H6 dripping <BLINK><WET SIZE=+1>thrust out elsewhere by Jennifer
located by Jennifer maya /WET dripping </BLINK> <H6><STRIKE><BLINK><BREAST
SIZE=+1>turned out by jennifermaya /WET dripping </BLINK></STRIKE>

soak/dribble drool/spit maya P dripping <WET COLOR="#000000">Oh,I&nbsp;
wish you were here! Check out maya A HREF="frame1.htm" dripping body of
body</A></WET> <BREAST SIZE=-1 dripping your text which succumbs to me.maya
/WET></P>

maya P dripping jennifer_you_push_me_to_the_limit </P>
maya TH dripping jennifer_you_thrust_me_to_the_edges_of_your_flesh</TH>

maya H6 dripping <WET COLOR="#000000"><BREAST SIZE=-1>oh wouldn't this be
the best, tiny-square dripping into fleshpot jennifer maya /WET dripping
</WET></H6> <H6>&nbsp;<B> maya BREAST COLOR="#000000" dripping <FONT SIZE
=-1>what's the color of blood here? what are you talking about?&nbsp;what
were you ever thinking about? maya /WET dripping maya /BREAST dripping </B>
</H6>

maya TD dripping a-place of lost souls</TD> <TD>b-place of Jennifer</TD>
maya TD dripping c-Jennifer-lost-soul</TD> <TD>d-Jennifer-Jennifer</TD>

maya H6 dripping <WET COLOR="#000000"><BREAST SIZE=-1>fleshpot-jennifer
always looking into skyhook-jennifer maya /WET dripping </BREAST></H6>

i am thinking of you jennifer, my milky white nipples gather longingly
around your memory, as I drip down onto the keyboard of my lifespan so
nearly run across the world, my globes span continents, always yours, my
skin tears into your desires, i am your white neck, throat, hands of
milk.maya /WET dripping <BREAST SIZE=-1>

maya A HREF="frame5.htm" dripping open milky-splash-jennifer on wet-
breasts-jennifer on urine-mouth-jennifermaya /A dripping </WET></H6> <ul>
drip/flood piss/spew maya H3 dripping (wet wet wet)</H3> pee/shit

Everything goes back and forth, sloughed off, skinned; the cursor trembles
in your uncanny body, maya soaking /WET


