


Ego, I Suppose So


"There are two more functions into which one gains somewhat better insight
if one describes them as _functions_ of _partial subject and introject_ or
of their interaction instead of merely ascribing them to the ego. They are
the _testing of the reality_ and the _consummation of the (subjective) id-
entity_ of a person. If I may quote Freud once more as I have done before
with the statement that 'the ego is in the first place a body-ego' and
with the idea that the body is but a 'second environment' (with the 'ob-
ject world' being the first), the two functions become, in part at least,
one.

"In the testing of the first environment, the reality that is the object
world, the two demi-institutions have different tasks. Morbid conditions,
where these tasks remain partly unfulfilled, are best sited to acquainting
one with them. Reality testing of the 'second environment,' the body, res-
ults in the establishment of a body-ego; defective testing will result in
a defective body-ego. A particularly good illustration of the failure of
the introject, representative in the ego of the group, playing its role in
the testing of the reality, is the _delusion. No delusion can be maintain-
ed unless those parts of the reality that would contradict it, remain un-
tested._ This is strictly true and exemplifiable only for the delusion of
the neurotic; the psychotic has, as Freud taught us, after relinquishing
reality altogether, replaced it with a fantastic one; he leaves himself
not even the choice, as it were, between testing and failing to test." 

(From Ego and Body Ego, Contributions to their Psychoanalytic Psychology,
Robert Fliess.)

Earlier, I had discussed psychosis as a loosening/tethering of the real in
relation to cyberspace; here, _testing_ itself is cauterized; the result-
ing disconnect - from body ego, somatic response, is foregrounded. Fliess
doubles ego - I would splay/disperse the same, distinguishing elsewhere
between the _I_ and _my_ of the world. The latter, note, loops, even in
conditions of self-reflexivity; "my arm" negotiates _entity_ between the
return - a trajectory of subsumption architecture, construct of taciticy,
even in situations where "arm" is prosthetic.

The hardened material of real and/or prosthetic arm is experienced prior
to language, but not of course prior to the physical construction of the
world, which provides matrix/chora, recognized or not. In CMC, experience
is always already mediated by language; the body-ego is @body, @describe,
@create, a function of quota, governance, programming savvy, and the in-
stantiation of performative speech-acts, _parole._ It is this split which
has led to the recent texts on Dead Time and ethos; it is also this split
which leads to a _rubbing of Jennifer in the wound_ that occasions her
appearance _here,_ and in my video, dreams, and shadows in the corners of
the room.

Reality testing is more than an "I don't understand this" on a MOO or "un-
recognized command" elsewhere; it is more than a breaking of protocol.
Both of these occur within a concrete functionality; _x_ works or doesn't,
occurs or doesn't. Within the free-based testing of email and chat, func-
tionality is not an issue; the derivations of hysteric embodiment within
and without the text create projection/introjection of the other. But dis-
connect is _there,_ in the deep sense of misrecognition, and it has taken
text after text for me to disentangle these layers, realities, protocols,
neuroses, psychoses, only to tangle myself up once again.


