


Jennifer's Breast, Narcissistic Disturbance


The _disturbance_ is the recent webpage,* fetishized, intensified: how 
to create a structure of _longing_? 

The body images are swollen, rounded; the frame-structure is recursive,
occasionally filling the screen with scrollbars. 

In order to read, the mouse moves across the images, aligns/realigns; a
certain striking game is being played. So that the image flattens later-
ally, no hint of depth, but others brought in from the margins.

Texts are run together, almost all of them in header format, for pages;
the reader burrows into them, surrounded by images grayed out, naughty,
obsequious.

Everyone within the square framing murmurs liquidity, milking, urination,
blood, sweat, and tears. Nothing gathers at the bottom of the screen, no
rivulets, fountains, aquifers.

I desired a haunting-screen, coming up against the creases of my body, the
distortion dreams and avatars wreak upon the everyday; I desired Jennifer-
psychosis, dreams of reason and begetting.

Immemorial softness, harbors of milk and tongues, shaded computations, my
dreams of Jennifer's breasts, "possibly nonintegrable estimate of surface
slopes [...] represented by a finite set of basis functions, and integra-
bility [...] enforced by calculating the orthogonal projection onto a vec-
tor subspace spanning the set of integral slopes. This projection maps
closed convex sets into closed convex sets and, hence, is attractive as a
constraint in iterative algorithms."**

Closed and closed, foreclosed upon the screen, endlessly iterative, dis-
torted in the winking of frames, mixtures of languaging, babble, image, or
scent and touch, roiling liquidity beneath the ground, damp cloth, infin-
ite wounding of bifurcations, bodies split, stretching the skin, I can't
sit still...


