


Subject: Existence Degree Zero

Instability 


I've written about this space as psychosis, as neurosis, in relation to
depression; it also connects with borderlining. I find myself becoming
increasingly crazed; I have no partner here in NY, my loftspace will be
up for grabs after September, and I have no steady or rewarding job. Much
of the day is spent in psychological maintenance, scuttling between one
source of instability to another. Sources blur into one another, and
there is no off-line community for me in New York that would mitigate
pressure. As a result, I retreat increasingly into my writing (theory and
otherwise), which becomes a continuous recuperation. If the writing turns
_wryting,_ ontic - if the writing places my existence as nomadic inscrip-
tion, I am capable of surviving another day. But, as with all inscrip-
tion, repetition, the neurotic compulsion to repeat, is essential; these
texts become signifiers of existence, distorted proper names or callings,
homesteading, in other words, in liquid existentialism.

Borderlining implies continuous activity, and "scuttling," repair of
breaches, is an adequate description. Holes appear in texts, in bodies,
are penetrated, expanded; bodies invert, collapse, and the external world
appears increasingly diffuse off-screen. Instead of writing, I find my-
self _reading_ my way into existence, thinking myself through you. Scut-
tling tends towards shuttling, inhalation/exhalation, but not that struc-
tured - instead, I meander through activities, breath and virtual breath
held. The "Jennifer" exacerbates borderline states; writing psychosis
keeps disturbance away from the door, but door morphs into portal, and
portal beckons. (Bound-variable of perfect-reader, dominated, forced to
survive.)


