


<html> <title>Run by Me</title> <body> <br> <br> 
<PRE><i>
Illusory double-coded html symbols, reassertion of imaginary chants, call
upon maya for cycles of life and death, reconstruction of imaginary total-
ity. Save as maya.htm and open as such in lynx or graphic browser. Chant,
murmur, speak the symbol/ic:
</i></PRE>
<br>
² &ecirc;  maya ê &egrave;  maya è &eth;  maya ð &euml;  maya ë &iacute; 
&Auml;  maya Ä &Ccedil;  maya Ç &ETH;  maya Ð &Eacute;  maya É &Ecirc; 
&Igrave;  maya Ì &Iuml;  maya Ï &Ntilde;  maya Ñ &Oacute;  maya Ó &Ocirc; 
&THORN;  maya Þ &Uacute;  maya Ú &Ucirc;  maya Û &Ugrave;  maya Ù &Uuml; 
&a; &b; &c; &d; &e; &lt;  &gt; &amp; &yen; &lb;  &agrave;  maya à &aring; 
maya å &atilde;  maya ã &amp;  maya & &quot;  &copy;  maya © &shy;  maya
&reg;  maya ® &macr; maya ¯ &sup1;  maya ¹ &igrave;  maya ì &iuml;  maya ï
&ntilde;  maya ñ &iquest;  maya ¿ &lt;  &not;  maya ¬ &oslash;  maya ø
&otilde;  maya õ &ouml;  maya ö &para;  &ordm;  maya º &raquo;  maya »
&sup3;  maya ³ &acute;  maya ´ &micro;  &ugrave;  maya ù &uuml;  maya ü
&yacute;  maya ý &yuml;  maya ^?  &yen;  maya ¥ &brvbar;  maya ¦ &deg; 
maya ° &plusmn;  maya ± &sup2;  maya
<blink><em>maya-prayer-extensions</em></blink> &AElig;  maya Æ &Aacute; 
maya µ &szlig;  maya ß &thorn;  maya þ &uacute;  maya ú &ucirc;  maya û
maya ¶ &middot;  maya · &cedil;  maya ¸ &sect;  maya § &uml;  maya ¨ maya
Á &Acirc;  maya Â &Agrave;  maya À &Aring;  maya Å &Atilde;  maya Ã maya Ê
&Egrave;  maya È &Euml;  maya Ë &Iacute;  maya Í &Icirc;  maya Î maya Ô
&Ograve;  maya Ò &Oslash;  maya Ø &Otilde;  maya Õ &Ouml;  maya Ö maya Ü
&Yacute;  maya Ý &aacute;  maya á &acirc;  maya â &aelig;  maya æ maya í
&icirc;  maya î &frac14;  maya ¼ &frac12;  maya ½ &frac34;  maya ¾ maya ó
&ocirc;  maya ô &ograve;  maya ò &ordf;  maya ª &laquo;  maya « maya " 
&auml;  maya ä &ccedil;  maya ç &eacute;  maya é &curren;  maya ¤ maya <
&gt;  maya > &nbsp;  maya &iexcl;  maya ¡ &pound;  maya £ &oacute; 
<br> </body> </html>



pwd > /net/u/6/s/sondheim

Facing the monitor on a shelf against the wall, the cat dish and box are
to my left. Pwd takes me by them, another left to the sink for coffee,
ramen, other geek stuff. Pwd takes me by them, straight ahead to the bath-
room and toilet, one-hundred-eighty degrees to sit, toilet paper to the
left. Pwd takes me by them, straight ahead to the bathroom, left in the
bathroom to the refrigerator for applebutter, bread, fruit spread, apple-
sauce, cereal, other geek stuff. Pwd takes me by them, straight ahead to
the bathroom, left by the refrigerator to sink on right, damp-toweling my
face, brushing my teeth. Pwd takes me by them, straight ahead to the bath-
room, left by the refrigerator to the leaky shower stall, cleaning off. 

Facing the monitor on a shelf against the wall, the bed is directly behind
me. Pwd takes me, turning one-hundred-eighty degrees, to the bed for sleep
or masturbation. Pwd takes me, turning one-hundred-twenty degrees, to the
telephone, impotent during on-line sessions, for conversation, business,
and masturbation. Pwd takes me, turning one-hundred-eighty degrees, to the
bed, bookshelves to my left with current reading and research upon them.
Pwd takes me, turning one-hundred-forty degrees, to the bookshelves on the
right, reference and other books upon them.

Facing the monitor on a shelf against the wall, turning to the right,
stepping over the electric heater, taking another left, pwd takes me to a
second computer workstation in front of a futon on the left. Pwd takes me,
turning to the right, stepping over the electric heater, to the television
monitor, the vcr to the left, the camcorder in front, the video processing
equipment to the left rear, the audio processing equipment to the right
front, the video/film tripod to the right, the second laptop to the right
front right. Pwd takes me, turning to the right, stepping over the elec-
tric heater, turning to the left, to the light switches useful for video
self-exposure. Pwd takes me, turning to the right, stepping over the elec-
tric heater, walking across the white rug, to the far windows, useful for
video voyeurism.

Facing the monitor on a shelf against the wall, pwd takes me right front
above to the short-wave radio for audio monitoring, right front rear to
the quickcam and scanner, right front right to the printer, front rear to
the modem, front down to the mouse, front down front to the keyboard, down
front down to the chair I type upon, for self-exposure.

Facing the monitor on a shelf against the wall, pwd takes me ~/home, not
home, circulations in every direction, cycles around and across the loft
still and silent as a corpse, back to the body changing directories. Pwd
circles towards the stairs as well, longer circulations and cycles, but in
fact with little variety, full of the stuffing of the world. Pwd always
takes me back.


