


On the Uses of Sickness


At around 103 F I believe, the mind begins to hallucinate. At least this
has been my experience. When the loftspace here is overheated, my dreams
become equally uneasy, dis/eased. The body clock speeds slightly, the
noise level increases, rapid-firing neurons end up working overtime. The
dreams always make sense; bound by the temporal, that is the nature of
dreams. They can't help but evolve.

The noise increases and hallucination carries things into waking hours. In
Disorders of the Real, I wrote The Sickness sections, hitting 105 F at the
highest, the effluvia of desiring roaring outward. Everything in that
state is sweet, syrupy, oh so is the mind, the smell of the body, sheets,
pillows. It's almost suffocating. You can smell illness like that, watch
it twist.

These are common flus, fevers, bronchitis, nothing more. The sweetness of
the flesh flies through the wires; the body is wrapped in delicate copper.
I would say in fact that it may be, in fact, the simulacrum of copper or
thin cloth. There are tiny impressions inscribed all over across the skin,
like canopies in marshes.

These feverish storms bring home "home," revealing the ephemerality of the
boundaries of the body, what we take for granted. Smooth, extended, moist
or dry - properly mapped, in a state of grace or _etiquette_ - "body" ex-
ists as modernist in-itself, un/phased by microbial presence, dirt, odor,
the detritus of breath.

Sickness uses energy in maintaining the definition of self. Released, self
goes through the wires; dispersed, self cloaks identity in avatars, gend-
ers, characters, objects; maintained, self continues to track and agent;
sick, self perceives the truth through misrecognition, misperception; and
sicker, self dissembles.


