


Vayomar


Why is it always the _name_ that is at work in scripture (Torah, Gospels,
Upanishads, Enuma Elish)? I argue that Saussure, etc. does disservice in
his emphasis on linguistic closure and difference; it is never sufficient,
in fact, a foreclosure or retreat from the world. One finds linguistic
isolate easily enough, idiolectically holding one's breath. The burden is
elsewhere; consider scientific mathesis as an approach to a language of
natural kinds (both ether and tachyon disappear by virtue of the real). 
Where is the phenomenology of the name, outside of scripture, bridging
subject and object (always already deconstructed on the Internet with
slippage of its own)? Such a phenomenology would _begin_ with subject and
object, the hermeneutics of the real, building on Foucault for example,
relocating language (as Tran Duc Thao did) within the real, bridged by
(for example) the performative. 

Here is html's uncanny resemblance to cuneiform inscription, < and > com-
mon incisions in Akkadian, Sumerian, Hittite. Like cuneiform, the marks
inscribe the substrate; unlike cuneiform, they are meta-semantic and
ikonic, not indexical.

A while ago Laurie Cubbison proposed a rough parallel between rhetorical
enunciations in epistles across empires and the Net; I've proposed similar
parallels between cuneiform/language dispersions and the Net. Combine
these models with an account of natural kinds, performativity and sub-
strate, and a useful model begins to develop, one which harbors ideologi-
cal and ontological accountancy, resonance with the real. Which is not to
say dogma by any means, but something to think about / inscribe.


