


Jennifer's Useless Past

Does it matter that the Sumerians or Adena people thought about life and
death, worked out cosmogonies, cosmologies? Does it matter that stromato-
lites dominated the precambrian, that the Tasmanian thylacine was driven
to extinction? Does it matter that rituals have disappeared across the
planet, that no wonder cults provide sanctuaries in the form of stases,
stabilizations, hearths? Does history matter? 

Is it necessary to understand the human through an approach encompassing
history? Is temporal depth required for self-knowledge - is knowledge of
origins in fact necessary? Is it important to understand the history of
life, for example? To understand ourselves, our human community, the na-
ture of the universe, fundamental particles, other cultures need we always
require tracing cultural histories and roots? Is it important we under-
stand our own family histories? The past of the universe, its beginning in
the first n-seconds? 

Increasingly the answer to these appears to lie within the negative; time
itself is on holiday. And it's too easy to dismiss this holiday, to assume
that the past teaches lessons, gives examples - when the past is always
already hopelessly cluttered with debris. Everyone today is criticized for
living in the present - not as hedonists, but as _surfing_ the currency of
the present, ignoring the past. But perhaps the past is useless, trivial,
compared to the inertness, granularity of the present; perhaps it is com-
pleted, and it's necessary to shut out existences prior to the past few
months. 

Jennifer

