  
                     
                     

Jennifer's Womb, Gravity Pocket


Brooklyn fills with obtuse contradiction, gangsta rap and radical femin-
ism, trees in early bloom. It slides across the planet, lamina of dislo-
cation. Trees bloomed inert for millions of years before events. Spread
space and time and stromatolites exhausted saline pools. Skittered pack-
ets across the Net hardly amount to communication with the universe. By
chance we're in a pocket, potential well avoiding disaster for a few
millions of years, enough to establish our bratty talk. Our brains slide
off plate-glass slides leaving memory behind. There is no reason to our
spirit-existence. The corpse falls without end as wings, feet, fins and
cilia fail. The plateau is a hollow where the body catches. Our local
millennarian text specifies the rim, borderlining or temporary stabili-
zation; hold me while I catch my breath.

"The sea is not less beautiful in our eyes because we know that sometimes
ships are wrecked by it. On the contrary, this adds to its beauty. If it
altered the movement of its waves to spare a boat, it would be a creature
gifted with discernment and choice and not this fluid, perfectly obedient
to every external pressure. It is this perfect obedience that constitutes
the sea's beauty.

"All the horrors produced in this world are like the folds imposed upon
the waves by gravity. That is why they contain an element of beauty. Some-
times a poem, such as the _Iliad,_ brings this beauty to light." (Simone
Weil.)

Then the crash, brain flashed to floor: "Man can never escape from obedi-
ence to God." The imploding body continues its descent to the black-hole-
ground (where Jennifer sits "with all the time in the world"). Such a de-
scent is a binding, bound variable (Jennifer, released, "begins with the
cortex, devouring layer after layer" of disappearing origins).

Like Brooklyn, non-parenthetical, buildings held falling with gravity,
"just a little while longer, up."


