 


Lieu.htm


<html><body><pre> "HTML is like house-construction, bottom up, almost
always framed between <> and </><pre> - this _spanning_ also creates the
appearance of a _bounded entity._ Boundary-layers, in fact, jeweled facets
<- everything measured against your perfect screen, adjusting itself acco-
rding to semantic markup. The world becomes totality _precisely_ because
of bracketing, eidetic reduction, transcendental phenomenology.  The 'age-
old dream' is complete."> 

Everything is windowpane between <_x_ and >, clear acid between <x> and
</x>.</Acid reduces it to pure meaning; design becomes associative, flexi-
ble, cleansed. Just this: that meaning decathects from aura, the grain of
the voice; it works through semantic flux./>

The flux flows around images, across tables, through variable frames, in
and out of browsers, across various platforms and video configurations.
The flux is oral/flux, grainless, adapting to architecture, speaking to
_you_ through any available means. </pre></body></html>

<html><body><blink><strike>out the text; there is a remnant, a set of at-
tributes, determining vocalization.</blink></strike></body></html> ful-
fills Oxherding images, reductions. (If meaning in other words is cons-
tructed in relation to residue, noise, within the system, interpenetrated
by abjection, then what can be said in relation to noise which, by virtue
of semantic markup, becomes contiguous at best? noise which is not inher-
ent within the ideality represented by the <html><body><pre><i> document,
but which becomes floating by virtue of its simulacrum of grounding.) (In
other words, if noise cathects meaning, then the particular browser format
appears nonetheless as ground or ideality against the play of semantic
markup, which must remain both in flux and extraneous, although the embed-
ding matrix, maternal against those html drives which are inherently ab-
sent of meaning, creating meaning in relation to their overall sememe.)
(In other words, consider the closed sememe of </i></pre></body></html>
<which throughputs meaning-flux by virtue of the formalization of bracket-
ing, the eidetic reduction given in relationship to the particular browser
and computer configuration bandwidth, but _within_ such, as in <within>
within </within>; there is an interplay of interior and exterior at work
here which, confused and exhausted, nonetheless references all idealities
- this <strike> equivalent in appearance to that </strike>, the manual
fabrication of cancellation, for example, absented, in favor of tokens or
markers.)></>

<everything is acid>flooding impossibility where</everything is acid>in
lieu of or within the specified construction of meaning. The text fits the
frame; the frame dissolves, moves; meaning _pools._


