


1/1 the medical model


Claude Bernard, in his 1865 An Introduction to the Study of Experimental
Medicine, takes vitalists to task, promulgating the concept of a lived
interiority that is surprisingly postmodern - organs maintaining them-
selves in relative equilibrium, regardless of external factors. This
_milieu interior_ constitutes the field of operations of the vivisection-
ist, who must retain the milieu as a domain of observable processes, as
opposed to the anatomist's states.

The situation is indifferent and compounded by Net persona; as Charles
Stivale indicates in Spam, Heteroglossia and Harassment in Cyberspace (in
Internet Culture, ed. David Porter), the entity "behind" persona can shift
his or her centrifugal effects - banning character _x_ from a MOO may re-
sult in a resubbing under a different name, coming in as guest, or even
logging in from a different computer of ISP. The _milieu interior,_ in
other words, is nowhere to be found - or rather appears only as an ideal
phenomenological horizon of subjectivity, known primarily through arti-
fact as symptomology. 

This constitution of difference and borderline, always already inscribed
(as in the intersection of X and -X, idealized and relativized to a null
set 0(rel X)), disperses performativity in very complex ways reminiscent
of Irigaray's analysis of schizophrenic language, also emitted presumably
from a unary body _somewhere._ And it's this dispersion that makes such
issues of the enlightenment as intellectual property, governance, ethics,
and economic/cultural capitals so difficult to analyze: the _center's_ not
only deconstructed, but, just as in projective geometry, it can be every-
where at the limit.


