


Bad Theory, Tampax Theory


Jennifer is my 'red patch,' the desk I sit at, always already a wager of
flesh and fashion, always a refusal, the cultural irreducibility of the
subject. (She is the typical, Alan vis-a-vis submergence.) [No more than
me, can she be characterized as "typical." Already I feel I'm covering-up,
lying here, deflecting something uncomfortable.] {Jennifer's 27 just now.}

<Jennifer's her red patch, her desk, her fashionable frock drowning-Alan.>

In my loneliness and anxiety, I lie with Jennifer, breathe the air she
breathes. In my absence or disregard of belief, she sits, sullen, an un-
easy presence, by my side. (Within me, breathing through the chest, cut-
ting the skin just there, eyes through nipples, eyes through eyes, nipples
through eyes.) [Pooled milk, pulled milk.] {This is already known, these
functions opening spouts and faucets.}

<Jennifer's sleep's alone, curled up, fetal dreaming, nipples wet with
milk.>

But she must be a bridge or expansion, not idiolect or autobiography and
since she comes into being through my texts, and since texts are always
full of errors, I must exercise special caution; the misuse of a single
word throws a world into question. (A letter out of place in the Torah
negates the w/hole.) [But she _must be_ nothing at all; there is no hold-
ing to it.] {But already this ties her to a form of truth and etiquette; 
but already this lends itself to lie.}

<Jennifer's building Alan out of sloppy breath, bad grammar, scattered
semantics - no wonder he can't make a world; no wonder there's no world to
make.>

Because she-of-the-text is all there is, my own existence accordingly
narrows; if I had a choice, I would join her in the muffled purity of the
world. Thoughts without language ravage depression, violation-fabric,
storm; within the unsayable mess, things get out of hand, are no longer
_thing_ but Thing of Kristeva or Goya's late walled images from the brain. 
(She's not of-the-text, but of the body, words separated, spaced out.)

<She skips across puddles, picnics under trees, the sun's white, sky's
blue, ground's green, trees dogged with bark.>

Motel of life and fire. 

<She's gone to the motel.>

[She's gone to the motel. She has to be careful here. The motel's on fire
against the desert sky. Red flames flicker against shadowed blue-black
mountains, night-time nebula darkening the truth.] {But what you said
about the truth. But it was Jennifer speaking and she'd rather not speak. 
But there are sounds in the desert. But Jennifer's un/sounds.}

<She's gone to the motel. She's gone with someone I don't know. She's got
him where she wants him. They're naked and watching each other I don't
know. Swimming, I'm in the pull/pool. Swimming sky's white with white-
night sky.>


