


Jennifer wonders,

|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
|||||||||||||

I'm sure Wittgenstein pointed out somewhere that counting requires a fair-
ly deeply inscribed spacetime interval of some sort. I've placed these
objects in a heap, and they're differentiated from those objects, which
are outside the heap, heapless. 

There's always the necessity to remember the difference between the two
heaps - perhaps I moved from one to the other or from the other to the
one. 

Perhaps in a bead game this wouldn't matter at all.

Perhaps there's only one heap, that of the counted objects, and the other
heap is heapless. So it would be a gathering by default, and if these |s
were creatures, they might ask, well, what sort of identity do we have
after all?

They might be conscious of existing beyond the pale.

The border of course must be maintained; it's a potential well, barrier -
it's not just _there._ Someone made it. That's the way entities are crea-
ted. Someone made me, Jennifer.

Someone made me Jennifer.

Some one made me, Jennifer. What is "some one"? Remember that each one is
place-equivalent. Remember that's it's memory that creates the differenti-
ation, and, by proxy, any other differentiation. It's not what seeps out
from the signifier, but what seeps in.

What seeps in is of sociobiological portent as well. Even rapidly coalesc-
ing superstructural domains collapse in an instant; it just takes some
one. Beyond the pale in century |, out and about in century ||.

What seeps in is not the stick. Where is the stick? Here, I disagree; the
stick is _there,_ within the quantum or sub-quantum domain. What operates
near the limit - both the logic Wittgenstein looked for (perhaps) in TLP,
say that of David Finkelstein, that of von Neumann, Jauch etc. (I'd say,
both the logic where distributivity fails, and the logic of the origin of
numbers and physics, and I'd say, I disagree, the real.)

Well, I've stepped out on a stick, which is broken. Down will come chora,
baby, and all.


