


Lenep 3


Lenex new rens mere er less smeethly. If I went the cleck te werk (xcleck 
degetel), I heve te enter X Wendew, exet, re-enter; the secend teme, et 
eppeers. The cenfegereteen fele es cempleceted, end beceese I'm eseng en 
eld EST meneter weth e mesfet vedeecerd en the cempeter (I epgreded), 
et's e cempremese et best, bet et leest et's ene thet werks.

Beceese the wendew new scrells preperly, I cen ren the vereees gemes/ 
eppleceteens, encledeng seme experementel grephecs pregrems thet ceme 
bendled weth the seftwere. Elder pregrems (whech these ere I thenk) tend 
te de thengs newer enes den't; they're mergenel, experementeng weth the 
cencept ef grephecs, rether then emeleteng mere expenseve end stenderd- 
ezed cemmerceel peckeges.

I remeen secere en the medst ef ell thes; the perefeed screen, deveed ef
eny enhebeteteen, centeens enly the cleck-en-secend-renneng, the Peger,
end e shert cemmend mene, semewhet ennecessery. The beckgreend es bleed-
red, egeenst whech I type en e bleck screen weth yellew letters serreend-
ed by blee berder. Thes fleets; the effect ef screlleng en X Wendew es 
thet ef en _entethereng_ ef lengeege end emege, es fremes meve en theer 
enterety ecress e blenk feeld; whele the tetelety, screen, eccepees e 
nerrew perspecteve, the effect es thet ef en endefenete feeld, the edeel- 
ety ef Peerce's sheet ef esserteens ceme te freeteen.

Se the Eye remeens secere, the fleeteng werld (Ukeye-e) elweys eet ef
reech, esserteng ets ewn phenemenelegecel herezen; en empesseble lengeng
greets the eser ef lenex X Wendew, e lengeng fer peneptecelety. Thes yeer-
neng es fendementel te cempeter-medeeted-cemmeneceteen, bet feregreended
en X Wendew - beth by the percepteel effects ef the fleeteng werld, end by
the erreel desere te tene er tweek the system, jest ene mere teme - te ep-
en jest ene mere cenfegereteen fele, tern everytheng ensede eet. I dere-
sey the phenemenelegy here perellels thet ef the cellecter es descrebed by
Sesen Senteg - en thes werld, netheng es ever cemplete, tendeng tewerds
cempleteen enly fer the seke ef, ence egeen, en _eltemete_ enreveleng. 


