

Do doo-doo:


"The systemic openness of hieroglyphic writing is related to its world re-
ference as well as to the fact that this is a world of direct significa-
tion. New signs can constantly be introduced on the basis of both the
meaningfulness of the world and the iconicity or world referentiality of
the sign. This possibility was restricted until the Late Period by certain
valid requirements of legibility. These fetters were broken in the Ptolem-
aic Age. The result was an explosive increase in the number of signs from
about 700 to over 7,000 [...]. But this is not all. Most signs took on
various meanings, some a dozen or more. The peak of sophistication was
reached in inscriptions that use only one sign, repeated again and again
with different meanings (see Vernus 1977*)."

*Vernus, P. 1977. "L'ecriture de l'Egypte ancienne." _L'espace et la lett-
re: Cahier Jussier_ 3: 60-77. 

(From Jan Assmann, Ancient Egypt and the Materiality of the Sign, in Mat-
erialities of Communication, edited by Hans Ulrich Gumbrecht, and K. Lud-
wig Pfeiffer.)

Our homonymic configurations, /come cum/, /do dew doo-doo/, /I eye/, /you
ewe/, /see sea/, impoverished in comparison, turn towards infantilism, /go
go-go/. Ancient Egypt's vulgar emblem as monolithic, hierarchic, obelisk
of the symbolic, haunts every device or peregination of totality; the sin-
gularity of the sputtering hieroglyph, expanded _on the side of meaning,_
collapses the world back into the pronouncement of divinatio, Aleph. There
is no omega, no span or skim. What one reads, what one brings to eternity.
Dance it, Gravity; watch your feet.


