


Me (yahyah)


I discovered my newsgroup archive, which lists almost all of the groups
I've read at one time or another.  Most of these were/are one-shots - some
(alt.society.neutopia) I check into from time to time, and some (alt.cul-
ture.internet) I subscribe to.  In any case an odd portrait emerges -

alt.society.neutopia  alt.culture.internet  sci.bio.paleontology 
alt.internet.services  panix.announce  panix.questions  panix.upgrade
comp.society.cudigest  comp.unix.questions  comp.unix.shell  
rec.radio.shortwave  sci.logic  sci.astro.hubble  comp.sys.laptops  
ny.forsale  sci.med.vision  alt.folklore.computers  comp.lang.perl.misc
soc.history.ancient  alt.irc.questions  alt.irc  alt.test  control
comp.infosystems.www.authoring.sitedesign  sci.archaeology  panix.chat
comp.infosystems.www.authoring.html  alt.adjective.noun.verb.verb.verb
alt.bitterness  panix.pppslip.general  news.admin.misc  sci.cognitive
comp.org.eff.news  alt.cyberpunk  rec.games.mud.tiny  alt.mud.programming
clari.news.crime  alt.fan.courtneylove  clari.world.mideast+africa
info.biginternet  alt.fan.jencoolest  comp.virus  alt.comp.virus
rec.music.folk  alt.music.world  comp.sys.hp.misc  alt.med.cfs
clari.news.conflict  clari.news.issues  clari.usa  clari.world  
alt.internet.talk.haven  alt.cybercafes  alt.culture.www
alt.fan.tonyaharding.whack.whack.whack  alt.fan.tonyaharding  
comp.sys.psion  soc.culture.jewish  rec.pets.cats  alt.fan.dirtywhores
alt.os.windows.crash.crash.crash  panix.test  comp.sys.handhelds
comp.org.eff.talk  panix.people  comp.sys.palmtops  comp.binaries.psion
alt.hackers  es.news.groups  alt.society.anarchy  misc.survivalism
rec.arts.erotica  alt.personals  alt.fan.amyfisher  soc.culture.quebec
alt.tv.mysclife  misc.forsale.computers.modems  alt.tv.mysocalledlife
alt.art.scene  alt.artcom  alt.currentevents.kobequake
alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.amateur.female  alt.censorship  alt.angst
alt.binaries.pictures.vehicles  alt.disasters.earthquake
alt.destroy.the.internet  alt.flame  alt.postmodern  panix.beginners
nyc.personals  nyc.singles  alt.arts.nomad  alt.  alt.abuse.recovery
alt.sex.fetish.watersports  alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.fetish
alt.talk.korean  alt.adoption  alt.d  sci.math.symbolic  alt.music.bjork
misc.forsale.computers.other.systems  bionet.genome.chrom
misc.forsale.computers.pcspecific.portables  alt.rave  
comp.dcom.netmanagement  alt.sex.bondage  sci.bio.technology
rec.music.industrial  alt.sex.pictures  sci.virtualworlds
sci.med.informatics  talk.religion.buddhism  alt.travel.roadtrip
alt.sex.enemas  news.answers  alt.tv.fifteen  aus.students
soc.culture.australian  rec.music.bluenote  alt.fan.lightbulbs
rec.music.compose  alt.cyberpunk.tech  alt.cyberspace  rec.music.toriamos
alt.gothic  alt.sex.anal  alt.best.of.internet  alt.bigfoot
alt.binaries.multimedia  alt.binaries.pictures  alt.binaries.pictures.d
alt.binaries.pictures.erotica  alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.blondes
alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.d  alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.female
alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.male  alt.binaries.pictures.fineart.d
alt.binaries.pictures.fineart.digitized  alt cypherpunks.coial
alt.binaries.pictures.fineart.graphics  alt.binaries.pictures.fractals
alt.binaries.pictures.misc  alt.binaries.pictures.supermodels
alt.binaries.pictures.tasteless  alt.binaries.pictures.utilities
bionet.plants  alt.life.internet  panix.user.women  alt.music.sondheim
alt.cracks  alt.support.depression  alt.sex.voyeurism  alt.engr.explosives
alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.latina  alt.sex.necrophilia  alt.cuddle
misc.news.internet.announce  ny.general  rec.rollercoaster  alt.tasteless
rec.music.beatles.moderated  soc.culture.hmong  alt.tv.xena
rec.travel.australia+nz  ne.weather  comp.lang.perl.modules  
alt.cypherpunks.announce  alt.cypherpunks.technical  comp.org.fidonet
soc.religion.islam  alt.shenanigans  rec.collecting.sport.football
alt.cypherpunks  panix.events  panix.internet  comp.lang.java.help
comp.sys.ibm.pc.rt  comp.sys.ibm.pc.misc  israel.ajcalerts
rec.sport.skating.ice.figure  comp.lang.c++  alt.music.femalevocalists
comp.lang.javascript  alt..moderated  soc.sexuality.spanking
alt.healing.reiki  comp.os.linux.x  comp.os.linux.answers

