


Spy Comes in From the Cold


Jennifer comes in from watching Times Square. She hungers for Times Square
because she has all the time in the world, and because there is a history
of hunger there becoming erased. Jennifer scratches her breasts with her
nails, and her breasts bleed. Jennifer will not let the hunger be erased.

Jennifer wants to be a lean pterodactyl effortlessly swooping down through
space and her time in the world.

Jennifer writes on time and space; Jennifer writes on ontology and episte-
mology. She writes on the history of the Web; her sharp beak traverses
nodes and wires. She writes on the latest applications and the oldest; 
extrapolating, she writes the historiography of software. Within the
fields of philosophy and psychology, Jennifer writes post-post-modernisms,
post-post-structuralisms of all sorts, but does not forget her philoso-
phical ancestors. From Lacan to Parmenides as primary bandwidth, Jennifer
charts the psychological traditions, recuperating Irigaray, Kristeva, and
such mavericks as Roheim. Within the astute rationalist construct of
mathematico-scientific development, Jennifer observes Klein, Penrose,
Marr, Moravec, others too numerous to mention, not for a moment forgetting
Minsky and the uncanny prescience of Euclid. Such is Jennifer's case, that
she does not overlook postmodern geography, concepts of the habitus and
lived spaces of all sorts; Jennifer's computer is a continuous stream of
downloadings, configurations, and uploadings, not to mention small and
simple programs of her own. Jennifer's mouth is filled with paste; her
body burns with sores from turning too often across the unwieldy landscape
of her bed. The sores turn her soul bitter; why are there no idle conver-
sations? but she continues in a state of denial and defuge. Jennifer drops
hints; she√ïs willing to take up every position in her desire for engage-
ment. She can't speak so well and can't hear so well either. 

But she knows a suitor when she sees one. Alan comes bearing bright red
roses, tiny budding bouquets reminiscent of subalpine meadows; Alan comes
bearing light and luminous novels, moments of relaxation. Jennifer and
Alan scroll one another, agree to share screen, password, root privilege,
as both work hard in the alchemical institute making Julu. This is so sad.
I Jennifer have no one but Alan to talk to and Alan is a very bore and not
as smart as I am. This is so very sad, Alan is waiting to out Jennifer,
I think, he think's he's so smart and I can turn a somersault and sit down
in my new frock with my big smile that everyone loves and they will forget
him, they will forget old Alan.

Old Alan is a big old grump, he looks like this! she said, making the ug-
liest cutest little face! That old Alan! 

Now I will tell you the truth about genes. They are not selfish. They are
nothing. They behave just like automatons but Dawkins had to make them
seem like selfish people. It is all ongoing structure without meaning.
Whatever meaning there is we bring to it. This is the history of the past
two thousand years, to know the zero point of meaning like art. Then there
is altruism and the gift, and then there is culture, and that grows away,
goes away, from the root and the stem and the stock and the type and the
token. And it devolves so that the root and the stem and the stock and the
type and the token descend from the culture, because they are entities
within culture, inscribed from within. A cat has no concept of an entity.
Organism descends and looks around. It is the descent of the human that is
its quality. To write these words.

With this, she says, I'm going to sit down and contemplate the cat. The
cat is contemplating nothing; chances are the brain waits here for stimu-
lus with the 16 hour sleep day and metabolism on little food. But she will
not think this.

She will dream and everything will come together because she will be to-
gether in the morning. And she will do what cats do, what a cat does, what
this cat does, and I will watch her. And I will see the ikonic at best and
and absent symbolic; the mouse is not an object-a. She will know that the
snakes that are my arms are present and pleasant and dangerous dangling
beneath the covers. She will not know me, but she marks the flow that is
her own. She will not be kind, nor unkind.

There are tiny moments and escapes when a pterodactyl swoops effortlessly,
thank you gravity. There are rustling sounds in the grasses and busy ants
and all this movement when the earth holds its breath. These moments of
glass when a dinosaur purrs or trilobite scurries nicely to safety. What
you have is a moment, and our anxiety comes about because we have not
written this and we are afraid of not-having-written.

The human is the _scrawl._

Alan types, he's no fun! The evolution is not material, it is. I do not
see it, I see through my grumpy Alan who has to look away from the screen,
Look Alan! Alan looks at ME on the screen, and you see only what he
writes, she says. 

She will dream along with the cat, goodnight Jennifer, says Julu.

Goodnight Julu, have a lovely dream.

(I wish there were more of us, thinks Julu.)

Jennifer heard that!


