


Hegel, Science of Logic, from sections on Show and Mechanism



Sections on Show:


/* mirror-stage and cinema of the Real */

Essence comes out of Being and appears to stand opposed to it; here this
immediate Being is the Unessential.

But secondly, it is more than only the Unessential, it is Essenceless
Being, it is Show.

Thirdly, this Show is not external and Other to Essence, but is its own
Show. The showing of Essence in itself is Reflection.

[...] /* simulacrum */

Being is Show. The Being of Show consists entirely in the fact that Being
is transcended and is null it has this nullity in Essence, and apart from
its nullity and from Essence it is not. It is the Negative posited as
Negative.

Show is all the rest which remains over from the sphere of Being.

[...] /* phenomenology */

Show is the same as Reflection; but it is Reflection as immediate; for
Show which has entered into itself and thereby is emptied of its immedia-
cy, we have the term, borrowed from a foreign language, of Reflection.


Sections on Mechanism:


/* debris, excretion, and the abject */

And this constitutes the characteristic of Mechanism, which is, that what-
ever relation relates the terms is foreign to them and does not concern
their nature; even if it involves the appearance of a One, it remains no-
thing else than a collocation, mixture, heap, or the like. 

[...] /* primal dullness of the world in defuge and immanence */

It has resulted that the Object is the Syllogism whose mediation has been
equalized and has become immediate identity. It is therefore universal in
and for itself; universality not in the meaning of a community of proper-
ties, but one which penetrates particularity and in it is immediate indi-
viduality.

[...] /* "jennifer has all the time in the world" */

The Mechanical Process passes over into _rest._ For that determinateness
which the Object obtains through it is merely external. This rest is
equally external to it, since it is the opposite determinateness to the
_action_ of the Object; but every determinateness is indifferent to the
Object. Hence the rest may also be regarded as the effect of some external
cause, just as much as it was indifferent to the Object to be active Ob-
ject.

[...] /* CMC (computer-mediated-communication) as contested site */

Here as before the first moment of this Real [Mechanical] Process is com-
munication. The weaker can be seized and penetrated by the stronger only
in so far as it absorbs the latter and constitutes one sphere together
with it. In the material world the weak is secured against what is incom-
parably stronger (as a linen cloth freely suspended in air is not pierced
by a bullet, and a weak organic receptivity is susceptible to weak more
than to strong irritants); and simlarly a wholly feeble spirit is more
secure against a strong than is one which stands closer to the latter.

[...] /* breaking of the sephiroth, recuperation of totality */

Taken more closely, the moment of the overcoming of one Object by the
other is _resistance,_ since it is the beginning moment of the distribu-
tion of the universal which has been communicated and of the positing of
self-relating negativity, or of that individuality which is to be cons-
tructed. Resistance is overcome in so far as its determinateness is in-
adequate to the communicated universal which has been taken up by the
Object and is supposed to singularize itself in it. The Object's relative
dependence manifests itself in this, that its individuality has no capac-
ity for what is communicated and is consequently burst open by it, since
it cannot, in this universal, constitute itself as subject, and cannot
make the universal its predicate.--Force applied to an Object is foreign
to it only from this second side. Power is an objective universality; and
it becomes force in that it is identical with the nature of the Object,
while its determinateness or negativity is not the negative intro-Reflec-
tion of the Object itself, according to which the Object is an individual.

[...] /* node */

In the material world it is the central body which is the genus but also
the _individual_ universality of the individual Objects and their Mechani-
cal process.


(trans. Johnston and Struthers)


/* Indifference and communication are at the heart of mechanical process-
es, and given the _heap,_ it is not a great step to part-objects, flux (as
if there were a fluid mechanics at the heart of the _linkage_); think CMC
as relations of resistance and indifference - power and collocation, think
_show,_ think dead time, my resistance to the triadic metaphysics, schema
above the subatomic: _things fall apart._ */


