



shEmake Twotorial


Does the editor configure content, contain it, create it? Here in emacs,
top bar in the window states Buffers Files Tools Edit Search Help. No 
other aids. I type Control-h and the second window opens, but no access.
The cursor will not move topside! Escape-B brings not the buffers closer; 
this command works in a DOS editor I use. To continue (remember, we want
to access the _bar,_ not the buffers, etc. themselves), let's try the 
_other_ meta key - on b, it does the word backup thing which is neat, but
not germane. Together? Nothing, Although I'M Getting Close To Stopping 
The Computer. Oops, The Wind Just Blew The Cursor Up The Screen. I Know 
In Addition That meta-c does wonders w/ word capitalization, and meta-u 
does the same for juST ABOUT EVERYTHING. NOW I'M _THINKING_ THROUGH THE 
TEXT, VISIBLE WORLD! meta-s does nothing in _this version, but meta-x and
		     center-line appears to work.	     center-line 
appears to work however as the text is yanked back in. What am I getting
at? Apply Control-s for forward search off the block of text, as in Con-
trol-s goal? and nothing occurs; the response is silence. Now, window 
split, typing proceeds uncannily as form follows function and upper bar 
remains _deePLY INVIOLATE._ HERE I TYPE BELOW, THIS CURSED WORK! UPPER 
WINDOW CONTINUES HAVOC-REGION. NOTHING IS SALVAGED IN _THIS_ TEXT APPEAR-
ING SELF-REFLExive but actually integrating process into, what? Cursor
Wind-Blown Jumps Back From Here.

Ah, to begin again: Entering _blank-EMACS_ provides a screenful of infor-
mation, including menu-bar access through M-` or F10. I do so, call up 
calendar, examine MY-DAY. Close down calendar MY-DAY buffer (ah, I could
have seen the HOLIDAYS) {wind now blowing cursor around screen}, I _bing-
				  o_
across screen still into GOAL search deferred. Now they will find me, it,
they, she, above. Now I am safest.

	   I Do Move Out Of Here Where It Is Safer Safest..

( Buffer buffer screen, no nearer goal than henceforth. Remember: I re-
member _nothing._ A _very quiet time._ )


