



_Germ_ of Theory


Languaging imitating the order of the world, music as its symmetrical
substructure, shamanism predating language (tendency towards the _thing_),
language drawn out of gesture, 

"Before speech there has always been a tongue, before the language-subject
a language-object. It is a determinate reality, constituted by others, and
the learning of it is imposed upon the child by others. Language here is a
world, or rather it is the world that must be discovered word by word in
passing from babbling, that 'verbal scribbling' as Henri Delacroix called
it, to articulated speech. From primitive mental confusion, objects and
values will be little by little disengaged and designated by the authority
of adults. His [sic] very existence, moreover, will be taught to the child
in this indirect way. It will take a long time for him to situate himself
as an object in a world of objects and it is on the model of the other
that he will become conscious of his personal reality. He speaks of him-
self in the third person before attaining the first person."  (Speaking
(La Parole), Georges Gusdorf.)

Born-into-language, the human-race as well, the language at loose tethers
with the world, let us speak of the _finesse_ of language and the world?

Paleolithic shamanic ascent and descent, recognition of alterity, altered
spaces, sites, harbored uneasy dreams, bringing the fetish-object into
_view,_ let us speak of fetish-drawing-language-forth? Incantation thus
precedes language, drags it along; words coalesce like droplets formed
from drug- or sleep-deprived- inductions - always the in-ducing, ulula-
tion. Rhythm too setting up the structure, hrmmm... hrmmm... 

Language aligns one with the gods we are facing the universe, words
scurrying across our face: "Through communication it makes a new world,
the real world." (Gusdorf.) Through communication it makes a new word as
well, the real word, and all words are real world.

Hrmmm... hrmmm...


