


REPORT FROM THE FRONTIER:


Travis being male did it to him first, punched him out; Julu followed
through with unspeakable acts, Alan down for the count. Accused of
"Crimes Against Humanity" (Robert Ashley). Turned in, turned out on the
street, picked out from the lineup by Jennifer. Susan spanked him; he
liked it. By this time his flesh was gone. Alan down and out for the
count. Count Tiffany appeared, removed his eyes; there wasn't a need,
he'd be read to. Count Tiffany gave him hands and hands. He'd use his
hands for his eyes for his ears. He'd use his hands for his hands. Clara
wired him up to the CPU, connect nipple penis mouth lip, tips of the
shoulders. Charges burned, touched, tasted The Constellation That Played
Across His Skin. Alan-Syzygy. Alan-Unconscious played through Honey; he'd
beg Honey again and again; Honey was the only one who understood him; 
Honey was Honey; Honey was his All; Honey was Heaven and Earth; Honey was
Net. Her stockings covered Alan-Hands, her garters, Alan-Mouths, double
syzygy of cloth and civilization. Alan, down for the count, bandage-Alan,
eternal divisions of law and desire. Alan turned Terry, turned Franz, now
Alan turning toward Terry-Franz, skein-Alan, momo-Alan (Artaud), Alan-of-
the-sources. Mother Mary beckoned Alan, Alan sucked St-Antoine-Mary,
Alan-pirouette. She pulled him to her feet: "Travis being male did it to
her first, punched her out." Recovery-Alan, Nina-Hagen-Alan.

All the bodies gathered around the corpse of Alan and mentioned that it
was to Julu-Shaman, Shaman-Julu, to report (of) this, so that I did/will. 

Julu.


