



Thrust Out Of The Party, Slammed Into The Cave, Microscopic Julu Writes
readmeonyourwires!# Her Name On The Wires 


jennmoveoverjulyou'recrowdime!#cave won't hold 10^33 or more whatever
jennmoveoverjulyou'recrowdime!#you've slammed against the wall, went
jennmoveoverjulyou'recrowdime!#right through into some wires already
jennmoveoverjulyou'recrowdime!#covered with your damn scrawl spreading
warnedyoujennnomoretimetoplay!#like disease through the insulation and
warnedyoujennnomoretimetoplay!#you've already got the clock running
warnedyoujennnomoretimetoplay!#slow it's more than one can bear sooner
warnedyoujennnomoretimetoplay!#or later someone will discover us and
warnedyoujennnomoretimetoplay!#replace the machine you'll be lost for
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#ever graffiti-julu crossing dead-time
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#circuits ice-cold jennifer and julu
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#bodies sprawled across power-supplies
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#feeder cables whatever you want to
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#hand me rim me job me turn me over
closerfitinjennalwaysroomforonemor!#spin me i'll be your drive your
closerfitinjennalwaysroomforonemor!#memory your eyes your world never
closerfitinjennalwaysroomforonemor!#coming to an end, we'll never
closerfitinjennalwaysroomforonemor!#notice the cooling, the
closerfitinjennalwaysroomforonemor!#difference, be there in the middle
closerfitinjennalwaysroomforonemor!#of the writing like a skein like a
closerfitinjennalwaysroomforonemor!#mold like a net like a holder like
juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#you write you name on me like you write
juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#hunger-wire-me like case-scrawl drive-
juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#scrawl ribbon-scrawl diode-scrawl rom-
juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#scrawl ram-scrawl ram-jen-julu-scrawl,
moveoverhardlyenoughroomsystemheatup!#we're covered in blood writ over
moveoverhardlyenoughroomsystemheatup!#blood hot jenjulu scrawl write
moveoverhardlyenoughroomsystemheatup!#some more i dare you dare you
moveoverhardlyenoughroomsystemheatup!#dare you i'm your eyes read me
readmeonyourwires!# on your wires dare you dare you double dare you


