


Roll around in it! Pull your pants up! Go nya nya damn darn goo goo! You
show your dirty crack too! Break your dad's back! 

Pull your shoes off! Yell your head off! Go nya nya nya! Go goo goo your
crack! Pull your pants up! Pull your socks down! Pull your shirt knob! Hit
a tree! Slap a stone! Stand on a car! Yell fuck! Fall flat on head off!
Jump on a crack! Break your dad's back! Kick a tire! Turn a crack! Roll
around in poo! Pull off a scab! Jump into a toilet! Crack your face in
your food! Jump in your food! Push your face in your dirty throw a can!
Pee on the floor! Blow bubbles in milk! Jump on a bug! Push vomit! Drop a
balloon! Kick the sidewalk! Make an ugly face! Yell shit in a puddle! Roll
around in it! Fall flat on your face! Make a fart! Blow your pants down!
Show your dirty crack! Stick out your tongue! Jump up!


MUMMA


Pull your pants down! Show your dirty crack! Stick out your tongue! Jump
in a puddle! Roll around in it! Fall flat on your face! Make a fart! Blow
vomit! Drop a balloon! Kick the sidewalk! Make an ugly face! Yell shit!
Throw a can! Pee on the floor! Blow bubbles in milk! Jump on a bug! Push
your face in your food! Jump in your food! Push your face in your dirty
crack! Roll around in poo! Pull off a scab! Jump into a toilet! Crack your
head off! Jump on a crack! Break your dad's back! Kick a tire! Turn a
knob! Hit a tree! Slap a stone! Stand on a car! Yell fuck! Fall flat on
your crack! Pull your pants up! Pull your socks down! Pull your shirt
up! Pull your shoes off! Yell your head off! Go nya nya nya! Go goo goo!

Damn darn goo goo! You show your dirty crack too! Break your dad's back!
Roll around in it! Pull your pants up! Go nya nya!


AMMUM