


Net Defensive


What happens when a community dissolves as a result of a sudden collapse
of a hard-drive? When there is a slow collapse as an ISP goes under? When
there is a splitting of an email list as a result of oppressive conditions
or list mismanagement? When someone is @toaded on a MOO or MUD and leaves,
taking others with her/him? When governance changes critical rules on a
MOO or MUD, and a group of participants leaves? 

In all of these situations, a group is dissolved or splits. What sorts of
defensive measure may be taken against these? For example, back-up hard-
drives allow the continuance of applications; this is also the reason for 
database checkpointing on MOOs. Groups split from email lists (Future Cul-
ture and Fop-l) form others, often closed; Webpages are mirrored; IRC has
op games; and all these forms, including email lists and email software,
have various forms of defensive filtering.

What are the psychoanalytics of these defensive mechanisms? What are the
originary traumas? How does identity prepare for split, broken communica-
tion, diasphora? How does aura construct application bypass?

Is there a basic trauma associated with computer access and its relation
to subjectivity vis-a-vis email for example? What is the _I_ that con-
structs _its_ first post: "I've been meaning to write you"? What is the
difference between the insertion-into-language, the I-shifter, in stasis,
and the _I_ which inscribes itself through email, trembling in a state of
trepidation? What of the _I_ returned as error, the _I_ cut off with full
mailbox, too many hops, no such user?

In other words, how do fragility and origin play themselves out in cyber-
space, and what forms of defensiveness become incorporated into the nexus? 


