


Thinking Netspace


I wrote the first paragraph to someone from the Community Memory list; the
rest follows. 

"It would be wonderful to be able to read Human-Nets now; for one thing
it's fascinating to observe how humans design and "fit" into spaces of
relatively narrow bandwidth. I teach Net access and philosophy, etc., and
one of the things I talk about is that, given _any_ space where commun-
ication can occur (CuSeeMe, IRC, ThePalace, talkers, email, ytalk, etc.),
both community and sex arise - the latter often driving the economics, and
the former producing loyalty and creative hacks..." 

And of course the two are intertwined, since community and sex intersect
in the aura surrounding the application (private email, "fleshmeets," 
etc.). It's within the aura that the _work_ of identity is constructed (I
think of the aura as the primary site of the work); consider the public
application dialogs as catalytic, and the reactions - formations - func-
tions - developed elsewhere, interstitially, within other applications,
and so forth. Between the two, there are exchange-channels, bringing pri-
vate information (intersecting with _privately-exchanged information_)
into the public sphere and vice versa. These channels also help establish
a greater differentiation between long-time users of the application, and
relative newcomers - who may be unfamiliar not only with the formal histo-
ry and dialogic, but also with the projection of the aura over time back
onto the application surface. 

Finally, it would be worthwhile to consider a sociobiology of Internet ap-
plications and spaces, emphasizing reproductive and survival strategies,
from name-changing to sexual-drive constructs such as Net sex itself, ex-
change of pornographic images, and general tropologies of fetishization
or seduction. And, while a great deal has been written about Net identi-
ty, very little has been written about Net _defensive,_ the enclaving or
fortification of community or self in cyberspace. 


