



Live


In the Jennifer-suite I have set up at my local URLs (one automatically
changing, one requiring participation, depending on which server I'm us-
ing); there is an embarrassment/shame of riches/poverty, images of soil-
ing, abjection beneath Jennifer-skin. Now I can add, intervene, my own
live image in the midst of the slough of the others - photography regains
a sense of increased discomfort, as I sit here in the heat, almost naked,
trying to type/keep cool. Do I dare to show the image? I do not; I keep
time at a distance/ the interval or gap established as photography still
occupies the domain of production, not process. The Jennifer-suite art-
work, in other words, is (relatively) fixed, cycling randomly through the
page structures; what I reveal or hide, my shame or hysteria or psycho-
sis, is surgically calculated. This is a far cry from the nervousness of
voyeuristic/exhibitionist CuSeeMe; a Webcam _here_ would turn my every
move into a performance, and lived space would be restructured in favor or
against the visual angle of the lens: I'm naked, typing, keeping my body
out of view; I wear a tshirt, appear fully clothed; I walk _thus_ around
the room, hiding myself - or, I'm naked, typing, presenting myself; it's
dangerous, bordering on violation-fabric; I'm aroused; I pretend not to
notice; I'm inserted into the suite; I'm there all along; you've known
that; you pretend not to notice; you're inserted into the suite...

( Perhaps I sneak an image in, one tiny image. But I don't. I recalibrate
the suite at the Win95 site, in fact, working with Jennifer-Water texts
and images instead, mountain-stream and stromatolite photography. The
hysteria of exposition has passed; the body, somnolent, retreats through
ice, rock, moss, and waterfall. I'm safe, the Quickcam quiet, the suite 
a carapace. This is why I say "a gone world," says Jennifer. )


