



Further Notes Towards /this/ Dance


			     All dancing

I think of the dance as a whirl without consent, like the body burning, on
fire, like frozen in hysteria: and then I think I do that and my heart
bursts open, and blood everywhere, this burst heart! And then I no longer
	   think, my whirling body-heart, body-burst-heart!

dance- body-body _unfettered,_ that is, motion or postures
dance- through repetition (arms attached in a particular manner,
dance- gestures formed by virtue of _the easiest thing to do,_ in the
dance- manner of a potential well, as the body falls from itself,
dance- within the gravitation-work
dance-

    I think of an inverted hysteria, the world as symptom of this
 burst-heart-body, world roiling and heaving system fast rotation and
				wobble

body- which is doubled/doubles itself (as a moment of repetition, or
body- calling. for it is the _freest_ body, as offered athletic or
body- motion-body-body, one might speculate an allegiance with the
body- world. of course this is unnatural, bracketed for deconstruc-
body- tion; _every_ body is encumbered, _every_ body is always already
body- cultural. 
body-

I think the hands hold old-fashioned canes and crushes these could be
		  quite dangerous wobble turn around

cane- the _cane_ is a diacritical mark suturing the body to the earth,
cane- augmentation, ordinary phenomena of the world. the _cane_ de-
cane- marcates the the outline of the flesh, _borderlining_ (as in the
cane- case of the _borderline personality_) a transitional body, one
cane- that is internal, external, technological, and foundation, the
cane- boundaries dissolved, blurred, inscribed throughout the regime
cane- (not regimentation) of the world. 

		       cane- dance- body- cane-

can only be imagined as _cane_ hyphenates the repetition of _body_ in
can only be imagined as _cane_ hyphenates the repetition of _body_ in
can only be imagined as _cane_ hyphenates the repetition of _body_ in
dance can only be imagined as repetition

      pulling forth the cane from the body can only be imagined
  as the body breathes into a rhythm which is the dream of freedom:

		   the body is the dream of freedom
		  the dance is the dream of freedom
		      dream of freedom, the cane

[[[this is trying to work out the body in the guise of freedom, the
[[[cane as hallucenic whirl/whorl, the repetition of the breathing,
[[[footstep, shoulders' shrug, lips' smile, tumescent tissue
[[[repeating origin mythologies of survival, or rather

]]]this is trying to work out the myth of freedom in the guise of
]]]dance or the body, the body as drawn-grave-gravitational haunted by
]]]leap or arch, or that is the _acculturated_ body which carries the
]]]tenets of long hours of practice and abstinence:

  |  the body of the bar and the mirror, the body freed in the course
  |  of mirrored (spatial) doubling, repetitions (temporal) doubling
  |  or the _coursing of the body played against itself, always
  |  something of the dream of the future, the cane, the body trudged
  |  up-hill, across-stream, around-bend, into the presence of food,
  |  water, sex, sustenance, sleep

				 >><<


