


Speed Up


Sped up, catastrophic construct leaves the body/mind behind. New York City
news radio stations report catastrophe, almost always announce that the
cause of _x_ will take weeks, months, to determine; that cleanup will take
weeks, months, to complete; that it will be some time before "the city
returns to normal."

The truth is that within days, with few exceptions (for example the TWA
flight), causes are fixed, cleanups are completed, and "the city returns
to normal" within a day, if not hours.

While capital and signifiers fill interstices (and let us not forget com-
munity and sexuality as well), the practico-material aspects of the world
are also in fast-forward, driven by an interstitial machinic; repairs may
be nothing more than bandagings, determination of causes may be nothing
more than classifications, and "the city returns to normal" is most likely
the usual chaotic in/determinations of information within a sped-up socio-
cultural economy.

This is one of the last current barriers, this rearrangement of the urban
socius, returning to its frisson/jouissance/ruptured state almost immed-
iately - while newscasters, operating within relatively classical modes of
discursive formation, continue to be cautious and _clean,_ regardless of
the force of circumstance.

The city is already a recursively-bifurcated repair structure; mind still
perceives _the formation and destruction of entities_ from a standard
Aristotelian position. (And this can be formalized, in fact - mind working
within a classical Boolean lattice structure, and city proceeding through
non-Boolean lattices, extensions and superimpositions.)

Finally, one should remember that all indications point to an increasingly
destabilized planetary environment, with a rise in catastrophic events
(floods, hurricanes, tornados, droughts, etc.) in the foreseeable future. 
It will be interesting to observe the double-play of catastrophe and re-
cuperation, within and without the media; sooner or later, _nothing_ might
be noticed, unless, of course,

One is in the _thick of it._


