


Diet


Within the last two months or so, I've lost fifteen pounds, and continue
to lose ( 160 to 145, near 144 now ). At first, it was difficult; I found
using the scale daily helped, since I could quickly tell the effects of
backsliding. At this point, I get few hunger pains; today I had a pound
of salad ( grape leaves wrapped around rice, tofu, bamboo shoots, avocado,
tomato ), and half a can of sweet peas, and I'm _all right._

I am _watching,_ monitoring my body. It is becoming-signifier, totality
indexed by quantity, my weight in pounds. I round off to the integer; it's
an old-fashioned scale.

When I walk, I feel freed of an unconscionable burden, as if my body were
suddenly limber, naked, emptied of thought and dpression. I also find my-
self disappearing, becoming more and more cyber-ghostly, less living, but
more alive, in the real.

One can imagine a state like that of a dancer whose weight loss may be
tied into her or his role as a _signifier._ The anorectic signifies; ag-
gression gathers the family orbit, as the body disappears into sign /
commodity. ( I see myself clearly in the mirror or video; I am not fat. 
But I see myself as _stump_ as well, mute, inchoate, fleshy, taking space
from the concave gnawing of the world. But I see myself as _tending
towards_ perfection, as perfect as I can be. And anorexia, which I am not
tending towards, can be seductive. ) 

Shall I be an I or an O? Shall I owe you? As the body totalizes ( that
state of pure love ), it becomes other for myself, as if mirroring were a
matter of devouring the splintered glass. Would I have done it, if not for
you -

I give you the gift of my depleted self.


