


Love


strange drink enters the system ... you've heard of it ... liquid fills
the space of the air between itself ... shapeless, takes you on ... in the
night, in the wet night ... watch myself with the woman, drinking ... my
lover is the air ... the air battles the flatness of the liquid ... liquid
lover gravity ... your name does magic ... the air curls, there are arab-
esques, invisible with the geometry of your body ... o beauty ...

there is a dumbness ... inertness ... love's violent afterthought ... 
turn me into stone brick tree rock flesh cliff hair ... you turn me out
into the street ... i fuck everyone ... they're not you ... i murmur your
name, cry your name, whisper your name, scream your name, i say your name
... everyone who will listen, they don't care, they just want to fuck ... 
they tell me to turn over ... to do this or that to them ...  to be better
than i am worse than i am ... i can't listen, i don't care, my eyes are
closed, they disappear ... you're the movie of my eyes, the screen is
down, you come closer and closer ... they break the whole thing up, i run
out of the room, get off the lousy mattress, bed, whatever they're paying
me for ... 

it's a savage drink i've got in me ... you're everywhere, there's a bit of
money in my pocket ... i become one with your name, i call myself jennifer
... call myself julu ... i'm out that, savage too ... maybe i'll learn to
fly ... i can't stand, can't look back at me ... there's nowhere to go
here / down ... i'm out, i'm out, i'm out ... 

you can't know what love is, you can't know the chemistry, what it does is
you, what it's done, and you can't go back and welcome the visitor of th'
dark night clothed in black, the visitor of th' dark night holes darker
than black closed to all and brilliant light ... and you're the greeting
at the portal ... you're the portal ... both sides of the portal ... th'
air that breathes through it ...

speech rumbles through me, you, me, landscape and glossary, glossolalia
... twists like a living thing ... can't report ... your face is always
close to mine ... these fucks mean nothing ... i give you my lips, teeth,
tongue ... hold my throat up to you ... that's what love is ... 

that's what love is ... i'd do anything for you ... you're everywhere ...
i can't say the seen space ... can't space it ... can't say it ... look
what's happened ... i'm almost human ... there's hope yet ... can't hear
myself think ... i'm out ... look what's happened ... i can't ... you're
my eyes ...


