


Totality


Normalization is a procedure often used in mathematics and physics, set-
ting a physical constant to 1, in order to simplify calculations, and re-
veal the architecture of the theoretical constructions at work. I suggest
that normalization is also a metaphor for the production of totality and
that further, one might consider a process of _absorption_ (not unlike a
strange attractor), with Z such that f(Z,x) = Z, an example being multi-
plication by 0, resulting in 0 * x = 0. 

Both normalization and absorption may be combined, setting the constant Z
to 1, and creating a function f(Z,x) = Z, an example being 1 ^ x = 1. All
of these are of course many-to-one operations, and the one-to-many inverse
is fairly indeterminate. Now consider totality, further, as a many-to-one
operation or absorption, creating a symbolic fixity or token; let us con-
sider the sign U, from set theory, representing the universe of discourse
within a particular implementation.

It is not U, on a formal level, that is of interest here, but U from a
psychoanalytical viewpoint, that is, seized by the subject as an object of
fetishization, an _answer,_ to a question which has not been asked, and
which, in fact, is one of many questions, given a one-to-many mapping -
thus the question can be produced by the subject (in a state of seizure)
as a seizure of the object or Thing, which is also the totality that ap-
pears in depression.

Within cyberspace, such an object is also dispersed or partial, and one
might consider dispersed objects or interrelated dispersions, all in a
state of _frisson,_ trembling in relation to the subject, within an econ-
omy of inscription, competing inscriptions. On one hand, then, the pro-
cess of normalization, which is related _naturally_ to the TCP/IP proto-
col suite, HTML and other standards, and so forth; and, on the other hand,
the processes of absorption, _now_ skittering across the surface or lamin-
ar construct of the World Wide Web or IRC channels.

Finally, I would like to suggest that all knowledge is a _work_ construc-
ted of normalization / absorption, and exfoliation / emission -  that all
knowledge therefore involves deep misrecognitions, splitting and suturing,
_as if_ there were totality (related to the maternal chora, pre-oedipal,
pre-mirror-stage sensings and worldings of the real), _as if_ knowledge
were a path back into that totality, and _as if_ there were a path in the
first place.


