


Wave and Particle


And if I come and live with you in a new place, and I do not speak the
language, and I am left without my books, papers, notebooks, magazines,
sheaves dependent upon exchange of page and pen, then will I work within
the virtual, stain the wires with my presence, search planetary context,
burrow within a future translucent. Then will I bill myself upon the Net,
then will I come forward as a teacher of bound packets, surrogate think-
ing, I will sail the ether, I will be wave and particle, to be particle
with you.

I will be with you, your body and mind a planet, remote, what horizon,
this and what I would know of elsewhere. To be fathom-deep, that I would
lie with you, that elsewhere, that realm where I do commerce, this split,
and to watch myself, examine future and learning from this realm into
that. But for love, I will have none of this space, but a breathing birth-
ing tent that forms the thickness of a rope of arms and legs, eyes circl-
ing the breadth of space our lives encompass. To be physical. No longer
as-if, to be as together. To be particle, not wave, to be wave there, to
be found there, by Herr Heisenberg. 

This being adjacent to the ship of wires, mobile, double-sails, this is
for what is future. That there are knowledge beyond protocol, that hori-
zon is not a process of recuperation, totality. That wave too will not
reduce, that there is plenitude. That I will be particle for you, will be
within a real, touch without the body's mapping, just as wave, map, with-
out the body's touch.

That I will dream your voice, mouth against your body, that ah, I cannot
write, wave within you. That particle, that beyond disassociation, rec-
ognition. That I would have you within me, particle, that I will write
there, transparent wave. That one would be.


