

Julacan


Hullo M. Jacques Lacan. Hullo Julacan. Hunh. Je/w suis un bon-bon. Tres
bien. Ich bien la plume du votre tanta. Mercy much.

(Get out. 

M. Lacan what is it you say you do. What is it you say you do it to.

(Get out. Get out.

"Where does the difference between someone who is psychotic and someone
who isn't come from? It comes from the fact that for the psychotic a love
relation that abolishes him as subject is possible insofar as it allows a
radical heterogeneity of the Other. But this love is also a dead love."

A. A. A. a. a. Julucan.can can U. Tu est un arbre, n'est pas? Je suis UNE
ensemble, homm/e-o-nym. La verite c'est toutes-jours, laMoor. Mais we:

Tu dites-mois: [ ... ] "The thing, if it no longer takes place with a be-
autiful woman or with a lady, is accomplished in a darkened cinema with an
image on the screen."

(Get out. Get out. Get out.

Encore! Encore! Gentle/hum: "The psychotic" Julacan paws/es: Quel espace
ist diese? Lentement! Lentement! Und so wieder: "can only apprehend the
Other in the relation with the signifier, he lingers over a mere shell, an
envelope, a shadow, the form of speech. The psychotic's Eros is located
where speech is absent. It is there he finds his supreme love."

The Eunuch's Shell, bash, cash, carry, korn, vraiment, une programme, non? 
Nein, kein nombres, hombres. 2-carry on. A. Julacan chases her tale, prof-
fers id. Toucan. Nu? M. Lacan insists, CUm closer. Feminin ecriture, none
sufficient. Il n'est pas une lettre, il dites-moi pourquoi, pas parole.

U.

M. Lacan sits down, sa pantaloons sur la Grund. M. Lacan! Was ist dies? I
Julacan't be-leave you here licked thus! Aqua! Aqua! Mere und mere, id
seas across les corps. Circulations of "le game skin." Les panties wet.

(Get out. Get away from here. Get out of here. Get out. 

Julacan s'defendre herselbst. Langue Langue Tongue Les Mots. Elle cherche
as above, so below. Les circulations dans l'imaginaire, l'uncannee! Je
t'aim in your vicinity! Michelet, Ma Belle, telephone petite moi! 

A. A. A. a. a. a. 

"Psychotics love their delusion like they love themselves. Having said
this, Freud, who hadn't yet written his article on narcissism, added that
the entire mystery lies here. This is true. What is the relationship be-
tween the subject and the signifier that is distinctive of the very phen-
omena of psychosis? How come the subject falls entirely into this proble-
matic?"

Julacan asks How come la sujet? Does la sujet come? Le game skin, toward
that silence de l'autre, autrui, now, ici, easy.

(Get out. Get out of here. Get out of here now. Get away from here.  Get
out of here. Get out. Get out of here. I'll meet you in Providence. I'll
meet you in Seattle. I'll travel to Seoul. I'll travel to Moscow. 

(I'll see your eyes. I'll kiss your eyes. Language is an enemy. Language
is an enemy. Get out. Get out of here. I'll see your face. I'll kiss your
face. 

(Don't speak, Julacan. Silence for M. Lacan. 

(Get away from M. Lacan. I'll meet you in a bar in Soho. I'll meet you in
a Montreal cafe. I'll meet you in Victoria. You see my eyes in Vancouver.
You see my eyes in Toronto. Language is an enemy. My body in Cape Breton,
my heart in Newfoundland.

U. A. A. a. a. a.

(Julacan's a fraud. Julacan told me so. I'm Julacan. I turn away from the
_word._ I kill the _word._ Language is a _word._ Language is an enemy.

I get into the ocean. I get out of the sea.

"The big S whose medium is speech, analysis warns us, is not what a vain
people thinks it is. There is the real person who is before you and who
takes up space - there is this in the presence of human beings, they take
up space, at a pinch you can get ten of you into your office, but not a
hundred and fifty - there is she whom you see, who manifestly captivates
you and is capable of making you jump up and hug her - an ill-considered
act of the imaginary order, terrific act of the real! And then there is
the Other whom we were talking about, who is the subject also, but not the
reflection of what you see in front of you, and not simply what takes
place insofar as you see yourself seeing yourself." [Altered from the ori-
ginal.]

Je t'aime.


