


Time in Love


I have this time in love, and I am waiting, peering over a distance at a
presence this very moment expanding, like breath, only to collapse again,
in two months, only a temporary suture. (In two months, once again toge-
ther - I thought I should add this parenthetical in order to complete the
narrative, take up time, just as "Jennifer has all the time in the world,"
but Alan doesn't - see below!)

Two months, less actually, forms a division, just as / barricades language
on one side or another, as if it didn't matter. Matter doesn't matter, by
the way, across the divide or hiatus which constructs entities - they're
here, just now, gone with the future anterior, no one to speak or say any-
thing. Might as well start now, Alan, shhhh.

)			(

So to please myself, I think, not less than two months, nor that sixth of
a year (although I might!), I think, one-plus months, that unity easier to
swallow. I think: I can hold my breath that long! I think: Astounding!

Then I am walking, and "it tricks me up!" (from a letter!). "Amazing!" I
am walking down the street, and I think, I have this much time to reach
the corner, there are these houses, these people, there are all these
_things_ around. In and out, don't bump! And I know that each step takes
up time and time again, takes me closer to you, but "at such a distance
and over such a _span._" And I wonder if just like teeth, it's all bridge-
work, the art of being human, teleology from the moment the breast goes
into the mouth, the mouth closes, milk comes out, the tiny mite grows a
bit larger!

And I think, all of this, back and forth, I think so quickly! And I can't
do anything about it, can't even slow down (maybe I'll visit a friend!
read a book! write this! write this over and over again!) - can't do any-
thing but _live through it._


"Dear Time,

"Thank you very much. I never think about you 'all the time.' If I did, it
would be like cross-dressing!

"Alan"


