


Llamas


The llama glistened, black carapace covered within insistent tortoise
plates gleaming in the brown air of noon. It didn't move. Sirens in the
distance constantly changing, warding off violent cars close to veering
out of control. The head turned. Smoke from the nostrils, soot-nose
beneath glowering eyes, body tensed with radiant energy. Shimmered waves
of heat rose from the back, the breath, the brow.

She noted this in her brown notebook, ruled with blue lines. She wrote him
about the llamas near the Shikuneem, vicinity of Kasuga-Shi. They were
llamas, Luria, she was a tracker with a blue felt hat, sorobon and note-
book, penning ebb and flow, turbulent streams of animals burrowing into
the world. They were moving in from the arroyos south-west of the city,
the burning-plains traveled only by the Shinkansen. It was said that bones
sparkled as the trains rushed by, straight unbuckled rails held up to the
sanded grounds too hot for human touch. 

Travis remembered her uneasy witnessing, now the thing before him, as if
produced by the cuneiform inscriptions everywhere in his vicinity. It was
a one world, transitive, her llama text taking root, hair, and bone; she
was nowhere to be found. Had she left him these animals, created by pure
description? Was her disappearance contained in the eye of the beast, the
vestiges of retinal memory destroyed by the fire next time? For a second
he felt the creature recognized him, but that second passed, replaced by
the uncertain knowledge that he was losing her trail as the purely exotic
began its uneasy hold. 

Did she watch from the grey-pink building tiled against the sky? Did she
lay harbor-dead, trolled by fish and crustacean, memory lost and tangled
in kelp, seed-pods of aquatic plants adapting to stratified pollutions
dragged from shore to sea-bottom and back again?

Travis found his language tangled as well, the product of uncertainty,
loneliness, and an ignorance so pure he had no name for it.


