


Virtual Bodies


From an absurd book, Virginity, Pre-Nuptial Rites and Rituals, by Ottokar
Nemecek: 

"Menstrual blood can create harmful charms. A man who strains his lips to
it or who has let himself be soiled with it compels the reluctant maiden
to give herself to him. The archives of the Naples Inquisition for the
year 1603 have preserved the case of one of the mistresses of the Prince
of Verona who gave her lover menstrual blood to drink." 

Somewhere Freud gazes with fear upon the female genitals, loses sleep,
wakes wet with desires, soaked to the skin. Havelock Ellis was pissed on
repeatedly. Demetrius Alexandre Zambaco's hysterical violence against
female masturbation, evidenced in Masson's A Dark Science, is well known. 
Theweleit documents fears of women, fluids, menses, wombs, impotencies.
Men lose themselves in effluvia, can't face themselves, their desires,
can't gaze upon themselves. Heterosexual men are often afraid of anal
penetration. Men are afraid of loss. They're afraid of loss of the body. 
They're afraid of the disappearance of the body. They're afraid they can't
perform. They can't suck their shit, drink their piss, cum in their
mouths. They dream of self-fellatio, a narcissitic circuit of strangula-
tion. Immolated, they strive to be the best. In gangs, they hunger for 
the worst.

In cyberspace, everything is wet and ideal. There's no body to confront,
only the imaginary, isn't that the case? The first time I talked to
someone on the phone, that I knew from the Net - the first time I was
filled with fear. The voice was _competely different._

To know each other, we have to know each other's bodies; to love, we've 
got to know each other's fluids as well. We've got to be _besotted._ 
We've got to be there, so that our loves and tongues aren't just tokens 
of our love.

Aren't just tokens of our love.

Aren't just tokens.

