


Demonsterations

	
"Then there is another yle that men call Dodyn, & it is a great yle. In
this yle are maner diverse maner of men yt haue evyll maners, for the
father eatheth the son & the son the father the husband his wyfe and the
wyfe hir husbande. And if it so be that the father be sicke, or the
mother, or any frend, the sonne goeth soone to the priest of the law
&prayeth him that he will aske of the ydoll if his father shall dye of
that sicknesse or not. And then the priest and the son kneele downe before
the ydole devoutly & asketh him, and he aunswereth to them, and if he say
that he shall lyve, the commeth the priest with the son or with the wyfe
or what frende that it be unto him yt is sicke, and they lay their hands
over his mouth to stop his breath, and so they sley him & then they smite
all the body into peces & praieth all his frendes for to come and eate of
him that is dead, and they make a great feste thereof and haue many
minstrels there, and eate him with great melody. And so when they haue
eaten all ye flesh, then they take the bones and bury them all singing
with great worship, and all those that are of his friendes that were not
there at the eating of him haue great shame and vylany, so that they shall
never more be taken as frends. And the King of this yle is a great lord
and mightie, & he hath under him LIIII grete Yles and ech of them hath a
King, and in one of these yles are men that haue but one eye, & that in
the middest of theyr front and they eate not fleshe & fishe all rawe. And
in other yle dwell men that haue no heads & theyre eyen are in theyr
shoulders & theyr mouth is on theyr breste. In another yle are men that
haue no head no eyen and theyr mouth is in theyr shoulders. And in another
yle are men that haue flatte faces without nose and without eyen, but they
haue two small round holes in stede of eyen, and they haue a flatte mouth
without lippes. And in that yle are men also that haue their faces all
flat without eyen, without mouth & without nose, but they haue their eyen
and their mouth behinde on their shoulders. And in an other yle are foule
men that haue the lippes aboute the mouth so greate that when the sleepe
in the sonne, they cover all theyr face with the lippe.  And in another
yle are lyttle men as dwarfes, and haue no mouth but a lyttle rounde hole
& through that hole they eate their meat with a pipe, & they haue no
tongue & they speake not but they blow & whistle and so make signes to one
another. And in another yle are men with hanging eares unto their shoul-
ders. And in another yle are wild men with hanging eares & haue feete lyke
an hors & they run faste & they take wild beastes and eate them. And in
another yle are men that go on theyr handes & feete lyke beasts & are all
rough and will leape upon a tree like cattes or apes. And in an other yle
are men that go euer uppon theyr knees mervaylosly, and haue on euery
foote viii Toes. Many other maner of folke bee in the sea in yles there-
about, of whom it were to longe to tell all." 

(Entirety of Chapter LXII, except for "Here a paragraph is omitted, not
being suitable for general readers," of The Voiage and Travayle of Sir
John Maundeville Knight Which Treateth of the Way Toward Hierusalem and of
Marvayles of Inde with Other Ilands and Countreys," edited by John Ashton,
London, 1887, from the original, if such there be, which had to have been
written in the late 14th century, the printed edition from the 16th.)

IRREGULAR LANGUAGE, syntax and spelling, fills UNKNOWN AND EMPTIED SPACES
with REGULARITIES. Thus the monsters are constructed out of SYMMETRIES and
SYMMETRICAL TRANSFORMATIONS, affine or other projections. _

They exist _either_ by virtue of such transformations _or_ by the pre-
sence of the _abject,_ inconceivable, open to description, glimmers, how-
ever sutured by _this_ edition with its _censorship_ of that which is
never named, although _spoken._

These *antiquarian texts,* in fact, are always *present* among us, moments
of *cyberspatial* embodiment, peripheral to the *description of the 
surface* or *cultural structuration.* They *threaten* to dissolve, trans- 
forming the *socius at its heart,* the *first term in a series hurtling 
towards divergence.*

_But the IRREGULAR LANGUAGE ITSELF_ erupts from within _the very FORE-
CLOSING_ operative _WITHIN THE INDEXICAL of othe other,_ _any CONSIDERA-
TION OF WHICH_ constructs _REPETITION_ within the _FORM OF THEORY._

*In _short,_* theory tends to *construct _chance_* itself, in the *_form_*
of *_scissors,_ _paper,_ _rock,_* so that *_there is *_always already_*_*
a form of *_recuperation,_ hiding the _abject,_* within or beyond *_the
symbolic._*

THE *COMPETITION OF DOMAINS* IS THE ORIGIN *OF CAPITAL.* CONSIDER *THE
ELIZABETHAN* AS AN *EMISSION OR FLOOD OF THE SYMBOLIC* INTO THE *ABJECT OF
THE OTHER* WHICH IS *NOW,* WHICH IS

beyond the keeping of records, enumeration, direct or indirect address-
ing, of what is feminized in the image, masculinized in the register of 
the alphabetic, as recounted in the text and accompanying woodcuts, 
although to be fair, this is at best a rough approximation, imaginary 
bodies lending themselves to the imaginary production of monsters, 
monstrosities, the fucking of exposed and exfoliated flesh, clearly, in

_*THE FIRST PLACE.*_


