


Om


Beautiful young philosophers are writing beautiful texts with unknown
names refuting all the philosophies of deconstruction and the pragmatic,
and I'm left behind, working the wires with primitive mechanical tools; 

I semaphore those who languish in novels by terrific new people just
moving out of generation yz, towards a future when the planet will be
dominated by forces my eyes refuse to see;

And I espouse the political science of monarchy, aristocracy, marxism,
liberalism, new left 123, and it's all over with them, there's no place
to move, no animals left to bait on the planet, I never hunted in my life
but by God knew hunters and fishers and knew hunters and fishers of men
and of women;

And there are beautiful sexes to choose among and the skin falls from my
bones daily, huge puddles of organs everywhere, I don't know their names,
know how they work, what molecules are filtered across what membranes;

And I step gingerly into the future, carried by prosthetic devices inven-
ted by fifteen-year-olds, I'm their test case, I take down notes, this one
works, this one doesn't -

And there are all these objects around me I don't understand, what does
that switch on the wall do, that virtual switch on the screen, that
apparatus on the end of the keyboard, the plug attached to my skull;

But there are all these beautiful philosophies written by ten-year-olds
who have never heard of Plato, never have had to, and they glisten like
dead fish lying in the sun when I was a child and there were still waters
in the oceans and streams -

Imagine you could see one through another through the waters, one through
another through the waters - 

And the philosophies prove to me concretely, written by amazing teen-agers
with amazing bodies I dream of nightly, prove to me that there are no lon-
ger numbers or objects, that my mouth is not my own, that my full lips
grasp only empty air, no matter how near my lover is - that my hands grasp
only empty air in the midst of making love unto myself, by myself;

And they refute Kristeva and Serres and Rorty and Irigaray and others as I
have said, seen, and shown, and beyond they have further indicated that
post-modernity is only a phase and a phrase conjured up by those who lack
imagination;

And there are unknown machines making sounds in the heavens, and yea, ver-
ily, I have heard them, and know not what they do, knowing full well the
doing of them - , - ,

_Imagine you could see one through another through the waters, imagine you
could see one through another through the waters, imagine you could see
one through another_


