


Other Sides


"On the other side of Calde toward the south side is Ethyope a great 
lande. In this lande on the south are the folke right blacke. In that side 
is a well that in the daye the water is so colde that no man may drinke 
thereof, & in the nighte it is so hote that no man may suffer to put his 
hand in it. In this lande the rivers and all the waters are troublous and 
some dele salte for the great hete, and men of yt lande are lightly 
dronken & haue little appetite to meate, and they haue commonly the flixe 
of body and they live not long. In Ethiope are such men that have but one 
foote, and they go so faste yt is a great marvaill, & that is a large 
fote that the shadow thereof covereth ye body from son or rayne when they 
lye uppon their backes, and when their children be first borne they loke 
like russet, and when they waxe olde they be all blacke. In Ethiope is 
the lande of Saba, of the which one of the three Kings that sought our 
Lorde at Bethleem was King." (Maundeville, op. cit. LI)

Each morphology represents habit, singularity; the large foot has a
specific function, that of the proper name; each dominion possesses the
fantastic in relation to communicative distance from the European main-
land. As Lingis would point out elsewhere (and I have quoted elsewhere),
one deals with "the society of dismembered body parts," which in this 
instance, are a result of symbolic spew into spaces vacated (as if they 
had been inhabitations). The theory is import rhetoric (Meaghan Morris), 
the text is a result of distorted importations, symbolic loops, reso- 
nances producing fabulous displacements, enlargements.

The loops are cyberspace blackholes, the displacements are hypertext 
links, the dismembered parts are dismembered packets, the symbolic spew 
is the flood of email posts, the vacated spaces are non-existent, only 
these words, these singularities, coming forth to create the book of the 
three wisemen and women.

