



Critical Problem of Western Metaphysics


Where are we working? What is the labor employed? On the surface, utilizing 
Windows or running even on the level of qbasic programming; running from 
the Unix shell; on the surface, running conversation on a MOO or even run-
ning simple programming commands on the MOO: where is the epistemological
at work? What is being constructed in reality?

Am I working in depth if I know how to utilize assembly language, machine
language - if I can move into the interior of PMC MOO? Is this perhaps 
nothing more than another set of instructions. (It's instructions all the
way down; at the bottom, still instructions, running in clean rooms, run-
ning through the mines of the planet earth.)

(But it's always a myth of origin. Everyone believes it; even the hacker
feels privileged to inaccessible knowledge at the level of foundations.)

Think of computers as composed of tangled hierarchies of well-defined com-
mands: Then would I be closer to the heart of things if I were hard-wiring
already constructed components, relaying the CPU to the satellite units 
that make the surface skein appear sutured, cleansed, of a piece? Or would
I have to design the mask of the CPU itself, P6 P7 P8, in order to attain
the position of a _wizard_ who operates among the communication modalities
dispersed as well among the beings on the surface of the planet? 

(But it's the machines. It's the machines which are making the machines
again.)

Where does the labor begin? What is at stake?

(But think of it this way: The machinic as an irrupted continuum, broken
parts, assemblages. Think of it this way: There are gaps in the continuum
and it's these that are perceived as _objects_ or operational plateaus,
_the level of_ (assembly language, template etching, Windows 95, third
layer in the TCP/IP protocol, Netscape...). Think of it this way: Objects
are instructions, definitions within well-defined plateaus.)

Think of the _labor of information._

