


"_Of the ylande called Raso where men be hanged as sone as they are sick._

And from this yle menne go unto another yle that men call Raso, and menne 
of thisyle when that theyre friendes are sicke & that they beleve surely 
that they shal dye, they take them & hange them al quick on a tree, and 
say that it is better that byrdes, that are aungels of God, eate them, 
than wormes of the earthe. Fro thence men to to an yle where the men are 
of ill kinde, for they nourishe houndes for to strangle men. And when 
theyr friendes are sicke that they hope they shal dye, then do those 
houndes strangle them, for they wyll not that they dye a kyndely death, 
for then shoulde they suffre to great paine as they say, & when they are 
thus dead they eate theyre flesh for venison." (op. cit., LIX)

The doubled yles cancel one another, a circuitous route articulating the
potential of the rest of the world, scribble or fill. Anomaly always cons-
tructs the real; after the kidnapping, the Patty Hearst syndrome signified
indexicality in the guise of explanatory power. Virtual and real hugs for
example intersect only on within the linguistic, and the conquest of the
First World is mirrored by real estate in the Fifth (MOO). In the 19th
century, experiments involving magnetism were often accompanied by sparks
which were ignored; their presence signified the complexity of electromag-
netism. Only after the relation between electricity and magnetism was de-
scribed, theorized, did the sparks become visible. In other words, the
colonization of electromagnetic space was based at first on existing rela-
tionships; only later, were relatively _new_ phenomena perceived.

Structure emerges everywhere and is the condition of emergence itself. If
virtual subjectivity is new, it is presented in terms of the already-
thought; the future anterior alone carries an invisible and sleeping ori-
gin along with it. 

To be human is to recognize that the dawn will never come.

