



Bad Bad Alan-Error:

Error0 Not owner No such file or directory No such process Interrupted
system call I/O error No such device or address Arg list t oo long Exec
format error Bad file number No children No more processes Not enough
memory Permission denied Bad address Block device required Device bu sy
File exists Cross-device link No such device Not a directory Is a direct
ory Invalid argument File table overflow Too many open files Inappropriate
i octl for device Text file busy File too large No space left on device
Illega l seek Read-only file system Too many links Broken pipe Argument
too large Result too large Operation would block Operation now in progress
Operation al ready in progress Socket operation on non-socket Destination
address required Message too long Protocol wrong type for socket Option
not supported by prot ocol Protocol not supported Socket type not
supported Operation not supported on socket Protocol family not supported
Address family not supported by proto col family Address already in use
Can't assign requested address Network is d own Network is unreachable
Network dropped connection on reset Software cause d connection abort
Connection reset by peer No buffer space available Socket is already
connected Socket is not connected Can't send after socket shutdown Too
many references:  can't splice Connection timed out Connection refused T
oo many levels of symbolic links File name too long Host is down Host is
unre achable Directory not empty Too many processes Too many users Disc
quota exc eeded Stale NFS file handle Too many levels of remote in path
Not a stream de vice Timer expired Out of stream resources No message of
desired type Not a : 

