
 


Talking At Bard


Last week, I talked about the phenomenology and dynamics of the Net at
Bard. I was going to show video as well, but ended up speaking, moving na-
turally from considering Net/speech/affect/sexuality and the psychoanaly-
tics of being on line, to wider issues of local economic development, cul-
ture, and education.

I talked through four stages - the psychoanalytics of cyberspace vis-a-vis
a constructed, projected, introjected, and given self; Net relationships
or relationships augmented by the Net; the engendered communities on email
lists and newsgroups (including various forms of aura where relationships
and constructions occur); and community mandating - education, economics,
sociality, empowering, and so forth.

Much of this material has been covered elsewhere in my writing, but what
was strange to me was the 'natural' shift outward, which is the reverse of
my usual wont - beginning with an overall topography, and narrowing down
to the specificity of a subject or subjects. Here, for example, instead of
beginning or emphasizing the Web (construction of the virtual consumer,
etc.), the Web appeared as peripheral to the fourth stage. Thus I was able
to begin with text, intertextualities (comparing ytalk, say, and IRC),
and then work through list communities into other domains (including Web-
chat and various graphic interfaces) - all the while dealing with issues
of _the image_ or imaginary of the voice, application, or site on the
other end of the line.

This configuration wandered between stages/stages, and processes - hence,
a dynamics that moved, turbulent or otherwise, among protocols, users, and
applications...

There's no conclusion here, except that it _worked_ for both me and audi-
ence, and might lend itself to an organizing matrix for the amorphous mass
of the Internet Text, beyond the subject index.

So I muse...


