


Fukuoka Diary, III


Now we are in a restaurant again.

Japanese-Julu, in her most original way, quotes Baudelaire: "De la vapor-
isation et de la centralisation du _Moi._ Tout est la." She notes he then
goes on to say, "D'une certaine jouissance sensuelle dans la societe des
extravagants." She points out, with a degree of uneasiness, that she can
almost smell him coming down the street, all dispersed!

She notes further that here comes boytoy as usual standing on his pointy
little head: "La femme est le contraire du dandy." "La femme est _natur-
elle,_ c'est-a-dire abominable." Poor boy has got his... gender up. If it
wasn't for the vaporisation, she might have to give him a blow job, right
across the street. Sinks into smarmy Fukuoka.

Later:

"Japanese-Jennifer, I have found the rite-paysage, cuntry-siding where
we're boarded up. Come love with me and be a life." They gender off. What
has happened. Who has brought the grinder up? Japanese-Jennifer and Jap-
anese-Julu = Japanese-(Jennifer-and-Julu). The packaging of avatars con-
structs the protocols of the Internet itself.

I listened half-heartedly to the dialog or figuration in two-strokes. The
engine started, took off, and with the proper fuel injection, I was left
behind. Nothing to do, migi hidari migi hidari migi hidari yayayayaya. I
counted, was unaccountable.

The unknown is always unaccountable, unaccounted-for, the gap or flail
winnowing farm and field. Baudelaire disperses an uneasy breath, even in
the midst of text refusing odor. Lying between the legs of Clara, I notice
a shadow overhead, as a large black freighter passes between us and the
sun. Eclipsed by stealth, we are water-born, salt-born into harbor, voices
behind us, dyadic configurations replaced by vector fields, come over some
time and we can show you.

Night falls, the freighter a huge arc across the sea-born sky.


