





LaminanimaL


Does recursion ever escape? Think of email posts divided _either_ into
threads _or_ into emissions from varied sources: consider sources and
threads: Consider _lamina._

The presence of one or another participant builds towards and through
certain thicknesses: Suddenly, recognition! Over time, enough is never
enough.

What becomes enough is the dissipated solidity of the _aura,_ meetings
in real-life, exchanges of posts, photographs, voices on the Net or
telephone. Between lower ascii and Net-phone, the bandwidth is enor-
mous.

Think of repeated posts from a single emission (which may possess mul-
tiple sources) as the construction of lamina: Intersections may reveal
only the slowing-transforming presence of the .sig file for example.

The thicknesses might be considered skins, interacting, interstitial,
fatty-tissues thorugh which certain characteristics become evident.
Look at the accumulation here! What gives?

All these sources from a single emission - addresses from a single
participant. Or unified participant, or not - postmodern, broken, the
division of virtual subjectivity.

But there is a recursion at work, induction across a series of state-
ments: Surely, there's a point of view in all of this!

If only that the viewpoint is _multiple,_ fragmented itself, but yet -
there's no escape from recursion!

Unless, that is, towards the infinite, as in the Ackermann function
which _changes operations with each reiteration_ - from addition to
multiplcation to powers to ... You might find that 2 R 2 = 4 all
through the series. You might also revert to an earlier stage than
addition (carry the function backwards) -

To a basic reiteration-operation, similar to " ' ", as in 0' = 1. But
enough! Who's looking?

And I'd like to go _the other way_ here, to the infinite posts, in-
finite lamina, the _flood from emissions,_ infinity of sources! Is
this what's human? Transspecies? (For one cannot be absolutely certain
of the _organisms_ behind, without, or embedded within the Net!)

Towards this ...thickness... that seems to be developing over the
wires, through the air, cauterized in fact _across_ conduits of all
sorts - _characteristic_ of the phenomenology of conduits themselves!
In this part of the twenty-first century!

What comes around _no longer forms a circulation,_ but _circulations
form what might be considered the image of the source,_ instead of
_the source of the image._ Or rather, the images of the sources, the
_ghast_ behind emission.

Which is always already a matter of reading, perceiving, ascertaining.
So far.

Until the realm of the physical, etc. is invaded, etc. Until the real,
etc. Until the real, is.


"In the proposed analysis, instead of referring back to _the_ synthe-
sis or _the_ unifying function of _a_ subject, the various enunciative
modalities manifest his [sic] dispersion. To the various statuses, the
various sites, the various positions that he can occupy or be given
when making a discourse. To the discontinuity of the planes from which
he speaks. And if these planes are linked by a system of relations,
this system is not established by the synthetic activity of a con-
sciousness identical with itself, dumb and anterior to all speech, but
by the specificity of a discursive practice. I shall abandon any
attempt, therefore, to see discourse as a pehnomenon of expression -
the verbal translation of a previously established synthesis; instead,
I shall look for a field of regularity for various positions of sub-
jectivity. Thus conceived, discourse is not the majestically unfolding
manifestation of a thinking, knowing, speaking subject, but, on the
contrary, a totality, in which the dispersion of the subject and his
discontinuity with hiself may be determined. It is a space of exter-
iority in which a network of distinct sites is deployed." (Foucault,
The Archaeology of Knowledge.)

