


Seeking Forms in Desert Space


In Desert Plants, 5/4, E.S. and C.D. Crosswhite present "A Classification
of Life Forms of the Sonoran Desert, With Emphasis on the Seed Plants and
Their Survival Strategies." 

I refer you to page 147, "Decumbent Creeping Stem Succulents":

"This is a rather unique life form of mobile terrestrial rooted plants.
The plants lie on the ground with the heads pointing upward. The body
sends new adventitious roots into the soil as the individual moves along
the surface. As the head advances across the sandy plain the tail dies. In
this manner a plant may move a considerable distance over a period of
time. Since new body material is constantly produced at the head there is
no theoretic reason why an individual could not live forever. Given enough
time, a swarm of plants would have gravitated to the microhabitats most
conducive to survival." 

The primary example in the Sonoran is the Creeping Devil, also known as
the "Caterpiller Cactus," _Machaerocereus eruca._ These are found in Baja
California, quite large, lying almost flat on the earth with the front end
tilted up. Here we have a memetic model of life, eternal swarming across
the desert biome - without a nervous system, but with sufficient rudiment-
ary tropisms. The plant is simultaneously rooted and mobile, static and
dynamic; like all cacti, it breathes at night, opening its pores when the
sun goes down.

Oh let us not consider this either metaphoric or metonymic, not even an
example, token, type, mark, or standard. Let us marvel at the swarm or
skein, the homesteading of Deity within our Minds, let us turn inward,
leave everything behind, so that we may partake of Life Eternal, Amen. 


