


"saying 'girl'"

saying "something" about writing, writing the "something" which turns _in
a manner of speaking_ into something, which you might hear sounding out
the antecedent of the word to your virtual self, although not the obdurate
quality of the grain of the voice certainly, but "something" that you had
processed, constituted (without image or sound, without text or reference)
by virtue of a _textual disposition_ as a result of cultural capital (for
example), not to mention processing something which might be interpreted
through the signifier "something" dependent on its interpretation in the
first and last place ... saying "girl" about writing, writing the "girl" 
which turns _in a manner of speaking_ into girl, which you might hear
sounding out the antecedent of the word to your virtual self, although not
the obdurate quality of the grain of the voice certainly, but "girl" that
you had processed, constituted (without image or sound, without text or
reference) by virtue of a _textual disposition_ as a result of cultural
capital (for example), not to mention processing girl which might be
interpreted through the signifier "girl" dependent on its interpretation
in the first and last place ... saying "children of the apocalypse" about
writing, writing the "children of the apocalypse" which turns _in a manner
of speaking_ into children of the apocalypse, which you might hear sound-
ing out the antecedent of the word to your virtual self, although not the
obdurate quality of the grain of the voice certainly, but "children of the
apocalypse" that you had processed, constituted (without image or sound,
without text or reference) by virtue of a _textual disposition_ as a res-
ult of cultural capital (for example), not to mention processing children
of the apocalypse which might be interpreted through the signifier "child-
ren of the apocalypse" dependent on its interpretation in the first and
last place ... 


