



To: POETICS@LISTSERV.ACSU.BUFFALO.EDU
Subject: Voice

Always bringing up, that I've lost my voice, can't speak, can't say, can't
walk, can't talk. Always bringing up, that I've lost my hands, that Yasu-
sada already ripped them from the beauty-body. That I can't use the word
for the street or district. That I can't tell the stem from the flower.
That I am engulfed by Hana and her Sisters. That it's got nothing to do
with Japan:

                                Jopon

b17cous17 it is th17 most difficult country, th17r17, I hov17 soid it to my
  fri17nd, I hov17 soid, so v17ry difficult thot I writ17 in kotokono to
   tronslot17 17och ond 17v17ry konji out of th17 17t17rnol fix it's in.

        "b17caus17 it is th17 most difficult country, th17r17,
        I hav17 said it to my fri17nd, I hav17 said, so v17ry
                 difficult that I writ17 in katakana,
              to translat17 17ach and 17v17ry kanji, out
                   of th17 17t17rnal fix, it's in."

 Now on17 will writ17 th17 miracl17 r17nga, said Clara, sitting in h17r
    kimono-panti17s, sur17 th17r17 ar17 drunk17n bon17nkai now and
I'm on17 of th17m! H17r17 com17s anoth17r Japan17s17 word, "hon," th17r17
                 it go17s, taking th17 book with it.

                         Th17 Miracl17 R17nga

              Writing thus, I pass it on to my fri17nd.
              Writing thus, I pass it on to my fri17nd.
              Writing thus, I pass it on to my fri17nd.
              Writing thus, I pass it on to my fri17nd.

 This was compl17t17d in Fukuoka, among a clos17 circl17 of "Japan17s17
 l17arn17rs," th17 flow17r of Am17rican soci17ty, 17ach unawar17 of th17
 oth17r. All think lik17 17xquisit17 corps17s: it's th17 17xotic w17'r17
                             looking for.

                          I'd say som17thing

about the walls of the house, calling the floor "tatami mat," watching the
internet collapse over and over again, cauterization of the voice, say
something about the high-throat ululation of certain song styles, the rep-
etition of ignorance I display, loss of the alphabet. but the book is be-
ginning well, I would say, learning the subservience of the subject which
is always already a fiction. I'd say som17thing about it. I'd say: virtual
truth isn't simulacrum, isn't sub-level on the way to broken commentary.
I'd say the commentary is broken. I'd argue for the break.

about the walls of the house, calling the floor "tatami mat," watching the
internet collapse over and over again, cauterization of the voice, say
something about the high-throat ululation of certain song styles, the rep-
etition of ignorance I display, loss of the alphabet. but the book is be-
ginning well, I would say, learning the subservience of the subject which
is always already a fiction. I'd say som17thing about it. I'd say: virtual
truth isn't simulacrum, isn't sub-level on the way to broken commentary.
I'd say the commentary is broken. I'd argue for the break.


