




Whoever said yon Cassius has a mean and hungry look he thinks too much
such men are dangerous


That I would think too much across these texts, sitting as Proust or
Teste, alive or in fiction, that such thinking can only build upon
itself in order to collapse as castles in sand, such proliferation
seems at odds with a world constructed so simply as to contain three
visible dimensions, one temporal that appears to pace itself - or
rather we pace ourselves across the dimension which draws us forward
to death, it's inexorable, continuous - it's the great pull which
tends towards a varying horizon, perhaps no horizon at all, some of us
see a portal or screen (some of us don't) - that perhaps it's not such
a question of thinking too much, but of withdrawing from the manipula-
tion of the material world, leaving practice alone - there's only so
much violin playing in a lifetime for example - then one sleeps, re-
membering those three dimensions are extruded, simulacra or residue in
a manner of speaking, of some heat-birth of a local universe, of some
constraints rolling up the higher dimensions, of particles which have
never obeyed the classical laws of matter, aristotelian logic - we
live within the evidence of our senses - it takes technology to extend
beyond the inconceivably limited bandwidth here - the world passes by,
unknown - we're glassy, transparent - invisible plankton in the ab-
sence of the scheme of things - most of the spectrum passes right
through us - neutrinos for example - in any case: That I would think
too much across these texts, sitting as Proust or Teste, alive or in
fiction, is only testament to a certain truth that emerges, once one
disinvests or is disinvested (it need not be one or the other) - that
meaning, whether or not constituted by human labor in the real (res-
onant within and without the habitus) - is hardly worth the investment
- think of this not as thinking too much, but as allowing thought to
reach conclusion - thought to come towards the horizon of all thinking
- as if, _what if these words are inhabited, as nonsense is inhabited,
by noise_ - this _senseless text_ or idiolect, self-constructed image
of psychosis perhaps - this horizon where sense meets nonsense, non-
sense shudders into noise - it's this that is the result of thinking
too much (which is never enough) - the thinking of the material struc-
tures of communication (rubbing our faces in them) (the collapse of
all that is worthwhile among culture and civilization!) - I already
feel the energy draining, blood seeping away, a certain ennui, defuge
sets in - what I have already written about: That I would think too
much across these texts, sitting as Proust or Teste, alive or in fic-
tion - it's the blood at my feet that worries you, not me - the hard
labor of thought, in fact, vessels bursting - organs all mixed up ...


