


The Long Night of Welcome and Dismay


I<ping -s>t's after dusk, <bong>, the temple/shrine (Buddhist/Shinto) 
complex next door, <bong>, is about to close, <ping>. I <ping -s> bring my
Sony professional cassette recorder with me, <ping>. I<ping -s>t is set
for Dolby, <bong>, high-bias, <bong>, and I <ping -s> have stereo micro-
phones, <ping>. We are the only ones in the complex, <ping>. I<ping -s>'m
determined to call on the gods, <ping>. 

We approach the shrine, <bong>, and ring the bells, <ping>. There are
varieties here, <bong>, some like traditional bells you might we<dong>ar
on your clothing in the West, <bong>, some like doubled gongs, <bong>,
some like heavy sleigh bells no horse could carry, <ping>. There are also
metal ringing bowls and wooden bells and hammers of various sorts, <ping>.
There are Buddhas and other deities, <bong>, some Hindu I <ping -s> think,
<bong>, lined up against the wall, <ping>. 

Against the wall there are probably two thousand images, <bong>, ranging
from an inch to two feet, <ping>. They have offerings of sake, <bong>,
water, <bong>, coffee, <bong>, rice, <bong>, and other materials, <ping>. 
Some are we<dong>aring cloth, <bong>, I <ping -s> would call it propiti-
ation cloth, <ping>. But now it's night and all of this is more or less
invisible, <bong>, and we <dong> are walking along with the recorder on in
the almost pitch black and every so often ringing the bells, <bong>, by
ropes, <bong>, or hitting the bowls with the varied hammers, <bong>, and
there is also the sound of our footsteps, <ping>. And we <dong> are
driving the gods back into cyberspace or we <dong> are driving the gods
towards us and the devils back into cyberspace, <bong>, or we <dong> are
driving the devils towards us, <ping>.

We hear rustlings in the air and I <ping -s> am sure there are ghosts
everywhere but their moans will not appear later on the tape, <bong>, only
high pitched doubled sinewaves as the ringing bowls' harmonics interfere
with the bias frequency set on the recorder in order to bring the tape
within the flat part of the hysteresis loop, <ping>.  The remarkably even
recording now has its own moans, <bong>, behind which, <bong>, I <ping -s>
am sure, <bong>, the ghosts are hidden, <ping>. 

I <ping -s> believe they carry red lanterns, <bong>, but I <ping -s> am
not sure, <ping>. They fly through the air with moaning sounds, <ping>. 

I <ping -s> will listen to the tape and leave my body, <ping>. I <ping -s>
will carry a red lantern everywhere, <ping>. I <ping -s> will be that red
lantern and I <ping -s> will illuminate my path forever, <ping>. 


