


Looking for It (Es, Id)


Playing the lower register of the shakuhachi: six degrees of movement
against the edge produces six levels of microtones. I can play from
almost a whisper to a relatively loud bass. My fingers hardly move
above the holes. I am beginning to feel the music emerging - not just
the notes _in relation_ to the body. Impulses tend towards flows; they
transpire as the instrument begins to disappear. Shakuhachi becomes
_tongue,_ interior/exterior of the mouth; it becomes _tongue,_ a lang-
uage without semantics, whose syntax is similar to that of other nat-
ural languages. But the semantics have disappeared in favor of a pure
structure, denuded by noise, breathing-out, breathing-in. I am on the
_plateau_ of the instrument, roaming, nomadic. Eyes closed, the world
spreads out, eddies, gathers, releases. Disappearing, I can live in
this world.

Making music is making discourse, conversation. The instrument returns
to the condition of the _weed._ Talking to myself, I might slip across
a position, search for another. I might slip out of it. I might miss
the note, particularly in the other registers. Then everything will
crash down and I am holding a tube again. Then the tube is grasped in
my hands. Then I am standing or sitting in a room with the tube. Then
I hear the breathing-out and breathing-in. Then I am breathless, and
it is precisely at that moment that I die.

Oh this is ludicrous. I do not die. But everything returns to everyday
life, and logic again holds sway, objects are clearly defined, I take
meaning for granted. I clean the instrument carefully, inside and out, 
wrap it in cloth, take it out of the dry and heated room. Then I know
I can speak to someone. Then I have lost something. Then it will not be
found.

Oh, this is so stupid.


