



The Sparks at the Beginning of the World


firstww thereww wereww theww fourww tinyww onesww atww myww feetww
inww theww sand,
/thereww wereww sparksww inww theww middleww ofww theww night,ww iww
jumpedww back,ww between myww legs,ww whatww couldww theyww be,ww
etc.ww moonlessww night,ww nearww theww shoreww north ofww sydney,ww
aus.ww Weww hadww noww idea.ww Theyww sparkledww aroundww herww feetww
asww well, oneww orww two,ww thenww more.ww thisww isww aww storyww
ofww _increase_ww here.

several moreww asww theww creaturesww litww whileww weww walkedww by
/noticingww formationsww ofww minisculeww constellationsww
everywhere,ww pattern- less,ww glowsww lastingww lessww thanww aww
quarterww ofww aww second,ww butww aww _trail_ww or _trace,_ww dyingww
out,ww glowingww embers,ww blue-green

ww -ww thenww movingww myww handsww in
/acrossww theww surfaceww ofww theww sand,ww slightlyww withinww orww
withoutww theww uppermostww layers,ww feelingww theww coolww wetnessww
betweenww myww fingers,ww gritww inww a sense

theww moistww sand,ww thenww theww wetter,ww thenww theww tidalww
pools,ww thenww theww wave-fronts
/asww weww beganww toww explore,ww movingww downww theww shoreline;ww
i'dww digww aww bitww and sparksww wouldww fly,ww theww wavesww wereww
there,ww somewhatww comingww in,ww lapping theww beachww -ww itww
wasww atww theww edgeww ofww theww lappingww thatww theww
constellations, wholeww universes,ww formedww andww reformedww
themselves

asww theyww wentww slowlyww upww theww shore,ww thenww theww waves,ww
theww waves,
/andww weww beganww toww noticeww theww waves,ww fromww aww certainww
distance,ww glowing blue-white,ww blue-green,ww white-greenww
themselves,ww emeraldww andww topazww and opal-opalescent,ww wholeww
universesww birthingww andww dying,ww wholeww universes ofww
light-planktonww forming,ww dissolving,ww wholeww worldsww inww theww
momentww of theww waveww wave-front,ww particle-front,ww particle,ww
wholeww and

theww waves.
/theww wavesww theww wavesww theww waves


