

_tattered notes_ on a talk i'm giving at sydney univrsity coming up,
attempting 'type' when i can w/errors, should i stutter when they appear
for one and all, too difficult to correct hings, you've got hmmm.... a lag
up to around five minutes at this point. more typing blind but saying
something through the DATASTORM characterized, not by the thunder outside
at the moment, but by the relative absence of (visual) feedback)...


just wanted to say something about bodies on the net, their relation with
the text which forms/forming a coherent other, that is to say, a body at
once recognizable thorugh the 26 symbols of ascii say, or the whole lower
ascii for that matter ;- there's also the performative aspect - what you
might find in programming or chat, that is perl or say MOO language or
ytalk, any of these and how they work with or without each other -

then there's the declarative, email or email lists or descriptions, for
example -

these terms not the same as usually implied - the performative here is an
action or insertion into the speech of the other - or both - it involves a
dynamics, a movement - while the declarative involves a data-base, that is
a stasis, fully addressible, recuperable - entirely different - 

then there are the appl;ications, first second third person to consider -
and the use of avatars as I make/ use them for example

then there's the ascii unconscious and its working through language - here
the issue gets cloudy - something to do with resonance, something to do
with repetiton, giving up oneself, surrender, seduction, hypnotism, not
exactly clear where this falls - lag plays a role - there's the resonance
of internal speech as well -

and an element of control, foreclosure (you and I are the only ones in the
world, repeat after me/within me wihtout me and so forth)....

the control which can be cut through, cauterized, by the presence of kill
or delete - no need for the keyword in this form of theater...


I KNOW YOU YOU AND I ARE THE ONLY ONES IN THE WORLD YOU KNOW THAT AND THAT
IS ALL YOU KNOW


