


Knowledge of Ignorance


Today i I i am i reading i about i ferromagnetism i and i thermody-
namics i in i States of i Matter i (David i L. i Goodstein). i And i I
i write i a i letter i to i a i friend, i inbetween i states, i and i
go i to i the i box i to i post i it. i The i box i is i next i to i
the temple i complex, i which i is i the i Sofukuji, i and i I i enter
i through i the i main gate, i which i is i part i of i the i old i
Fukuoka i Castle i (around i 1600, i destroyed).

I i see i the i daylight-bells-and-gongs i which i made i night-music
i less i than i a day i ago. i The i temple i is i several i centuries
i old. i I i wander i towards i the main i building, i almost i always
i closed i to i outsiders. i I i hear i Buddhist chanting i within, i
a i sutra i I i think, i there's i the i drum i marking i syllables.

I, i I, i I, i wandering, i wondering i about i the i community i of i
monks. i There i is no i largest i drum i here. i What i is i chanted
i has i been i chanted. i I i think i of these i monks i as i trans-
parent, i repeating i what i has i gone i before, i occupying the i
cells i of i others, i and i of i the i others i who i will i follow i
them. i I i would call i this i a i concatenation i of i monks i and i
sutra-chantings. i The i building emits i a i low i demarcated i hum,
i a i machine i turning i slowly, i but i not i as i slow as i the i
cycles i or i era i that i mark i time i in i the i vicinity i of i
the i temple, i and outside i its i gates i as i well, i if i you i
believe i in i other i transparencies. i Or not i transparencies, i
simply i not.

Which i I i do i not, i so i I, i I, i I, i wandering, i wonder i
henceforth i about i _a_ monk, i any i monk, i what i he i is i con-
sidering, i doing, i what i is i good i for i the soul i or i the i
body i or i the i spirit, i what i is i good i in i any i case i that
i he i might find i in i the i world i which i is i all i the i case.
i What i he i might i find i outside the i world, i or i rather i
altogether i elsewhere.

And i I i know i I i could i not i be i that i transparent, i I i
don't i care i all i that i much about i my i soul i to i repeat i the
i words i of i others, i no i matter i which i words i and under i
what i circumstances, i without, i say, i external i enforcement. i I
i don't see i the i point i of i the i machine. i I i wonder i about i
ferromagnetism, i about i the origin i of i metals, i atoms, i quarks,
i strings, i what i new i theories i are i on i the horizon. i I i
think i of i monks i composed i of i strings, i vibrating i monks, i
monks who i chant i the i sutra, i transparent i to i neutrinos; i
they i are i transparent i to neutrinos i at i the i very i least.

I i am i surrounded i by i I's, i eyes, i opening i to i worlds i ev-
erywhere i within i and without i worlds. i I i could i not i be i
transitive, i occupying i what i cell i in i what compound i and i who
i is i coming i after i me, i I i would i want i to i know, i that i
would be i good i for i my i salvation.


