



oh you you you in a mirror mirror mirror a in you you you oh

oh when will the net become an _appliance,,,,_ transparent or trans-
lucent,,,, you know what I - the simplicity of human interaction,,,,
turning on the protocols,,,, connecting high-speed IPs,,,, downloading
post-beta versions of software automatically configured,,,, almost
invisible chatline protocols,,,, no banner advertising,,,, intelligent
spam filters working in cooperation with congenial law enforcement
agencies intent on smiling their way through the latest series of
arrests,,,, your face in a mirror in my face in a mirror,,,, doubling
of faces,,,, of bodies,,,, of thoughts,,,, your thoughts and mine
perfectly enmeshed,,,, intertwined,,,, we have no arguments,,,, the
sources of our disagreements vanishing with the immanent appearance of
a doubling effect as if there were an expert system at work in
conjunction with neural networks straightening our views out in
relation to one another,,,, the sources of community,,,, just watch
and see,,,, we'll extend it further,,,, through this onslaught of
commas,,,, through this new way of thinking,,,, semantic fences or
other control factors,,,, easily broken down,,,, perfect harmony just
around the corner which is already undergoing smoothing algorithsm,,,,
curve-fitting algorithms,,,, fractal disassemblies,,,, category-
theoretical dissipations into general sprays of arrows and vectors up
for very little investment of any sort,,,, investments already made in
and throughout the machinery,,,, which we're symptomatic _of,,,,_
we're moving through the fields of commas,,,, we're located there,,,,
within and without the commas,,,, there are storms of thinking-
through-phrases,,,, as if there were lives at stake,,,, as if the real
were simply a matter of a _pause_ or separation,,,, isn't it?


