



Outlaw


"What would people say if they saw a strapping big lump of an Irishman
shepherding sheep for fifteen bob a week or tailing turkeys in
Tallarook ranges for a smile from Julia or even begging his tucker,
they would say he ought to be ashamed of himself and tar-and-feather
him. But he would be a king to a policeman who for a lazy loafing
cowardly bilit left the ash corner deserted the shamrock, the emblem of
true wit and beauty to serve under a flag and nation that has destroyed
massacred and murdered their fore-fathers by the greatest of torture as
rolling them down hill in spiked barrels pulling their toe and finger
nails and on the wheel and every torture imaginable more was
transported to Van Diemand's Land to pine their young lives away in
starvation and misery among tyrants worse than the promised hell itself
all of true blood bone and beauty, that was not murdered on their own
soil, or had fled to America or other countries to bloom again another
day were doomed to Port McQuarie, Toweringabbie, Norfolk island and Emu
plains and in those places of tyrany and comdenation many a blooming
Irishman rather than subdue to the Saxon yoke were flogged to death and
bravely died in servile chains but true to the shamrock and a cridt to
Paddys land What would people say if I became a policeman and took an
oath to arrest my brothers and sisters and relations and convict them
by fair or foul means after the conviction of my mother and the
persecutions and insults offered tomyself and people Would they say I
was a decent gentleman and yet a policeman is still in worse and guilty
of maner actions than that The Queen must surely be proud of such
heroic men as the Police and Irish soldiers as It takes eight or eleven
of the biggest mud crushers in Melbourne to take one poor little half
starved larrakin to a watchouse. 
[ ... ]
"I give fair warning to all those who has reason to fear me to sell out
and give L10 out of every hundred towards the widow and orphan fund and
do not attempt to reside in Victoria but as short time as possible
after reading this notice, neglect this and abide by the consequences,
which shall be worse than the rust in the wheat in Victoria or the
druth of a dry season to the grasshoppers in New South Wales I do not
wish to give the order full force without giving timely warning, but I
am widows son outlawed and my orders _must be obeyed._

Edward Kelly"

(From Charles Osborne, Ned Kelly; the quote above is from a statement
Kelly tried to have printed at Jerilderie. The year is 1879, Austral-
ia.)

Now I give these extracts for the flux of the text and the magnifica-
tion of the local as well as nodes across or tracts throughout the
south east of the country Australia. So that something burns within
them and I pray to my God that something burns within me in the same
manner if not the mode of speech, and that someday I may rise to the
occasion, as Kelly has, God be with him.

You may see just how they burn and how the words run on as if he were
afraid of taking another breath unnecessary in those times when he wore
a helmet to fearlessly confront the law until he was shot down in the
legs where his armor wasn't.

This is the truth of it as I have known in my heart.

