


The Segment


I have been running on the Net and co-moderating on the Net and
advising on the Net for close to four and a half years now, and I have
been think- ing about how my life turns segmentary, becoming-segmented,
vis-a-vis the cycles of the Net, as if there were a daily breathing, a
checking-in and a checking-out, no matter what, and I have noticed that
I have been off or out of touch for perhaps no more than three or four
days at the maximum over this period during which I traveled to Perth,
Sydney, Canberra, Denver, Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Fukuoka,
Cleveland, Huntington Beach, Wilkes-Barre, and a host of other
forgotten places, and I have used perhaps 30 ISPs thanks to the
generosity of guests during this period, so that an order is set, that
of the _addict,_ whether or not there is "Net Addiction" because in
praxis I must log on log off to handle the volume of messages incoming,
as well as work through requests and texts and counter- requests, so
it's apparent that s I know when you write, I have an idea when you
sleep, I know when you're likely to be on-line, I know when to expect
an answer, an answer, an answer...  w So that it's waiting, from Japan,
for America to come on-line, waiting further or not for the "problem of
Europe" ahead of the game by several hours, catching up on _the farther
side_ - so that so that i Waiting for an answer, waiting for an
answer... m So that back in Japan or even here in Singapore (now I am
in Singapore)  there's a _vector_ down south, more or less down south,
plus or minus say three hours down south, or from north to south or
from south to north, towards Australia, towards New Zealand, this
vector m In which time remains constant, the rest of the breathing held
down, but there _I_ am on-line with the rest of you / them, knowing our
breathing is _in rhythm,_ so to _speak,_ so that i There's always this
issue of the _segment,_ the point or vector or node or cycle I'm
referencing here, the _segment_ which is the intervening or
intervention of the Net into a routing, becoming-routine, so that one
might imagine in fact that I see my body within the imaginary,
segmented itself - n And then there are all these other issues of
political economy, responsib- ility, in relation to the segment, and
the phenomenology of the segment, time in-between, liminal, time
on-line, entering and exiting the computer ... g So that what might
seem like addiction on one hand might be a prone series of actions on
the other (as if) there is no tomorrow... s Now here in Singapore, I
run out of money, the exhange-rate is odd and senseless, I have done my
duties, I am complete, this text among others, one segment for another,
these exchanges... 


