




The Subject without a Mirror


I see my reflection, uncanny and ghostlike, reflected in the window

on the train from Sydney to Camberra, this becomes a text of trans-
port, say fifteen meters between one word and another, that is a
_lengthening_ of affect across the surface of the screen, if one can
believe in such discontinuities. Reading a slowdown of the vehicle for
example results in a _decrease_ of the distance, which now, as we pull
into Campbelltown, approaches a one-to-one mapping, within a magnitude
or so, of the size of _your_ screen, the merely-human, so to speak,
collapsed upon the semi-rural townships visible here just before and
after arrival at this intermediary point.

Half the time I want to look out the window, half the time type and

time is another factor, the concrete lag between the writing and send-
ing of this message, which depends on a concrete connection between
machine and wire, perhaps not for minutes, hours, days. And time is
another factor, as this broad day slips by, the train speeds again,
and the _increase_ results in a pulling of the landscape past the win-
down at a higher and higher rate of speed.

In a manner similar to that of foundering theory, subjectivity tends
towards a rather problematic expansion and desperate search

so that the mapping becomes something which, later we will find, ap-
proaches the _planetary,_ this small _occasion_ of the universe;
there's not even bush present and accounted for _just yet,_ but I can
imagine the vastness of space, the weakness of our connection, in
spite of our embeddedness, to the cosmos as an ungraspable w/hole.

Help help we're lost in the Cosmos I say to the 89-year-old man sit-
ting next to me as we leave Campbelltown, and he replies

"Thus 'is there a subject without a mirror,' a question that appears
in a related form in the marginal notes written in my second-hand copy
of Elizabeth Grosz' Volatile Bodies, might be answered in this fashion
by an enormous exhalation that one could (if so inclined) liken to a
system of resonances produced _precisely_ through protocols and hyper-
links across the Internet."

"Now

we're "a good third of the way there" I reply, the sky beginning to
cloud over this landscape of rolling hills, occasional industry,
fields giving way to bush, bush to fields, some cows feeding at a wat-
er trough, telegraph wires and four trees in a line.


