


Date: Mon, 6 Apr 1998 11:33:25 -0400
Subject: On Video

we have just seen David Lynch's Lost Highway with Robert Blake playing
"The Mystery Man" who had to be given I suppose a name in the credits. If
you're familiar with the circular serpent eating its own tail ouroboros
nature of the plot, then consider the MM in fact as parasitic on space-
time and so far we are within the realms of the unbelievable; now con-
sider his manifestations, always the presence of some one or another
electrical electronic device. Not always, well. Anyway, think of his use
of the video camera, camcorder and its manifestations with the VCR for
both high-8 and VHS tapes; his proof of the double vis-a-vis the cellular
phone, the normal table-top model ringing as well. The double-hero speaks
to the double-hero through the outdoor intercom, leaving a trace which
ends at zero-point in the desert. But I want to think of elec-MM, let us
say EM, as a node on the Net; what doubles, resonances emerge as the Net
becomes both self and other, narcissism into secondary narcissism through
all sorts of loopings - I mean not only avatars but even the firefly.com
choice of what to imagine/choose - or what push technology brings in,
after the proper polls.

A polling to further action and reflection is a filtering and a mirroring.
Who is mirrored in the film but any two of us?

What are mirrors are loopings of a special sort. What loopings exist with
what EM in cyberspace? What uncanny repetitions? What have you seen
before; who has returned to you or left a site repeatedely, left cite and
citation, left sight?

Does one die repeatedly here? (I can think of thickening diegeses for
example, as if there were meta and meta-meta levels, all the way up and
down the theory of types. But these things coagulate, lamina lose their
definition, and we remember ourselves primarily at the present moment.)

Does one _two_?

Alan


