



I'M PURENESS ("Seamless Panties")


"I'm Pureness" says Daishin Nikuko on the cover of IST magazine, for
Beauty SALON and an ARTIST. Hair: by someone, Make: by someone else,
Model, you know who!; Photo and Wear by DELICATE. I'm Pureness says
Nikuko staring out from the cover, arms slightly back, wearing a low-
cut gown with quite narrow straps holding it in place. This is Special
Edition Print and we are Pleased to bring you this, which carries the
relative weight of truth, Daishin Nikuko across from the party-line of
this writer Sondheim, a conveyance or purchaser of such a magazine at
Store D in the midst of rice and cabbage fields joined to Fashion. I
am so Entranced says Nikuko on the cover of IST magazine, this is an
Enchantment I have always Dreamed of.

But the model, this writing Sondheim says, is Mina Tsurumaru perhaps
Tsurumaru Mina and not this speaking Nikuko who has revealed her real
Surname as well. To be ensured of these writing tricks of the Perfect
Beauty System, She Will Always have a Place in My Heart.

But I'm Pureness, says Mina Tsurumaru on the cover of IST magazine, the
red words zooming across just below her shoulders. And IST is readable
isT as well, the last of the letters engorged, its stem close to Mina's
left eye, in fact caressing her eyebrow. Mina is caressed by Pureness
which Nikuko loves, Pureness on Nikuko's body, always a lovely descrip-
tion. (But I'm Pureness, says Daishin Nikuko.)

There is no doubt of enchanting thinking which Nikuko has brightly seen
for your enjoyment. It is for your enjoyment that I'm Pureness, sounds
rolling off my tongue, one after another, falling and wet. (Daishin Ni-
kuko says she has some panties left, 50,000 yen. You must hurry because
the dollar is getting weaker. When I say that Daishin Nikuko is most
pure, says Daishin Nikuko, you must understand I am serious and as you
will see, most delicate, seamless, like a most perfect pure real.)


