



Two Parables.


Daishin Nikuko and another monk were taking a pilgrimage. They came to a
raging river; it had rained the night before, and the waters were swol-
len with trees and other debris. Daishin Nikuko saw someone downstream
dangerously trying to ford the torrent. She and the other monk approach-
ed the person. Where are you going, she asked; to the other side, was
the answer. I will carry you, said Daishin Nikuko. Daishin Nikuko pro-
ceeded to pick the other person up on her back. The person was naked,
and the person's body rubbed against Daishin Nikuko's arms and legs. The
person's genitals rubbed against her hair and the person's thighs rubbed
against her mouth. Daishin Nikuko felt deep pleasure; she trembled deep-
ly. Liquid gushed between her legs and her feet left wet footprints on
the ground. She shuddered with the joy of carrying the person. At the
other side of the river, Daishin Nikuko lowered the person carefully to
the ground, giving the person the cloak of Daishin Nikuko. The two monks
continued onward for some distance. Towards evening, the other monk said
to Daishin Nikuko, why did you carry that person across the river; you
know this is against our orders, to have concourse with people. Daishin
Nikuko replied, I put the naked person down on the other side of the
river, but you are still carrying the naked person around with you.

---

Daishin Nikuko says, don't you see that everything I do is towards my
death, towards dying, that my economy is the economy of death. Daishin
Nikuko says, when will you grasp this truth. A name is a marker of death.


