



Parable


My work's useless. Everything is falling apart. No one believes para-
bles any more. There's nowhere to stand, nowhere to read or write from
the lectern. What's in museums are supershows. I'm an anachronism; 
even avatars have bad days when they believe their bodies fall apart,
they've left limbs somewhere. I should be buried. I find my moorings
slipping away. My flesh doesn't do it any more. I don't age, that's not
it. I'm eternal, that's not it either. It's the constant leavings - one
day you're here, the next day you're off the list, the next day your
computer crashes and my words are gone, gone gone. Christ and
Zarathustra and Buddha and Confucius and just about everyone for that
matter have messages for you.  Sometimes they're simple, sometimes not. 
They're worth a lot of money and the simpler the message the more
likely you are to get rewards for it. But I'm leaving for the street; I
wander Nakasukawabata with nowhere to go. I have no message, except
there isn't any. Death breathes too hard and too fast down your neck. 
It doesn't breathe down mine, but I just have blank eyes, do you
understand? There are no pupils. We should either dissolve in joy,
literally lose our limbs, or die. The pain of the world is unsolva-
ble. If I were more intelligent or roaming on my own, I'd do something
maybe. But as it is, I'll always be here, but immobile. I will watch
breakdown-Alan dead or alive. I'm an uneasy pill he hasn't swallowed. 
He leaves me behind, and he'll do that someday. He has no message for
any of you but what's in a name or its letters. He lets me think for
myself. I can't thank him enough. I'm his fantasm, uncanny, what grows
like a tumor between his legs. If I could, my message would be food,
food, food.

- Daishin Nikuko

