


Parable


A wise man was walking in the middle of a dark forest. Trees heavy with
moss and lichen leaned dangerously above the narrow path. Scuttlings of
unknown creatures could be heard in the undergrowth, and the wise man was
sure that demons lurked, just out of sight, waiting for the slightest
misstep. It was dusk now, and the man was tired.

In the distance, there were growling and mewling noises. They seemed to
come from the left, and although the trail continued forward, the wise man
stepped into the bushes. Feeling his way across logs and briars, he came
to a rough clearing, the width of two men perhaps, or a man and a woman.
There were three dark forms sitting in a circle, and there was a campfire
smoldering to one side. The forms were bears, the wise man noted, and in
their midst was a young and very beautiful child, perhaps a boy or perhaps
a girl; it was hard to tell.

Something emanated from the child's presence, perhaps just the warmth of a
skin unencumbered by fur.

The wise man feared for the safety and life of the child. Why don't you
pick on someone your own size, he said to the bears. They turned to face
the sudden intruder. He lifted his rifle to the shoulder and shot the
first bear, which fell shuddering to the ground. The other two began to
howl eerily, as if in mourning. Nothing could be farther from the truth,
thought the wise man. He reloaded the rifle in the middle of the forest,
which was almost pitch-black, in spite of the embers. He shot the second
bear cleanly, now, and it collapse as well, sadly leaning against the
first. The third, seeing the situation was hopeless, lumbered off into
the growth, and the wise man said to the child, now you are saved. The
child turned into a gun and fell clattering on the ground.

The wise man, filled with wonder, walked on.


