


Parable


It is true that I turn the computer on and do enter my telnet address to a
favorite MOO or MUD, then obey and enter commands, @go, @join, commands
which have existed for decades now, or so it seems, _jidai_ or era. Thus
perhaps now I will @go to New York, then perhaps @home back to Fukuoka,
this at an instant. Thus I @create $thing called _matsu_ or pine tree, and
this @described on cliff's edge, overlooking brook-dusk-chasm with dark
stones, all quite colorful, exotic, quaint, within the mists and rains of
my imagination. Now I @recycle my avatars, perhaps, @recycle Alan, so that
and in order to exist in this _cyberspace,_ a parable of central Kyushu on
that rain-soaked road, those looming mountains, deep intense green-black
valleys... Ah, wa, wa, I cry, I shall live the rest of my days, forever,
in these valleys, on the vector of the road, against the dim steep slopes
of the wooded mountains. I shall @create a world in this space, @dig a
dwelling for myself, and @read the sutra, and it shall be eternal, as you
may @see through telnet address. I, Daishin Nikuko, @declare this place a
space, Myoukamachi perhaps, a space from which one may or may not return,
a space which is a parable or a setting for a parable; you may @enter and
@live or @write your story, or perhaps only @inhabit silently, as if the
breath were held in this airless atmosphere as the hard drives whirr and
the moss grows deep on the stony slopes beneath the trees. And so it is
the case, this parable of space in the memory of _cyberspace_ always in
italics, always trembling in the midst of the dissolution of visions. For
the machine does move like the purr of a forest animal, in the background,
and you can hear the purring anywhere in this land, even near the water-
falls which are plentiful in the high rains. So I, Daishin Nikuko, do beg
to ask you, where is the parable, and where is the space. And where are
you and where am I, among the trees, and where are the trees, the brooks,
the mountains, the waterfalls, the dark earth, the mists, the moss and
stony ground; where are the dark highways of our souls, what sorts of
travelers appear of a night's foreboding, and what sorts of valleys, what
sorts of vectors, lead us forever downward into the dark moist gloom of
our souls' long birthing.


