


Parable


When does a parable cease to be such, becoming merely a report on daily
life, for example, that I am leaving Fukuoka, returning to the United
States, and therefore will be out of touch while the plane is in the
air and for a time thereafter after it has landed, perhaps to the ex-
tent of a week or so? For the arrow cannot stay, verily, for the repast
of the farmer, while it can partake of the bounty of the hunter. And as
it has been pointed out, while go is the game of the former, shogi and
chess are games of the latter, the quick movement against the hunted
king, so that no one will be shy. 

The parable is this: One day, Daishin Nikuko sets out for the USA as a
god who must decide whether to trust technology over spirit, or spirit
over technology. I, Daishin Nikuko, may well play shogi on the plane. I
will play with the limitations of the gold and silver generals, of the
lance and the knight, of the pawn and the king itself. I will play in
such a manner that a membrane spreads slowly across the 9x9 board, one
of merely local interest. The kanji on the shogi pieces are prayers I
will make to myself. I will land before the king is hunted down. I,
Daishin Nikuko, may well play shogi-in-the-pure-mind as I trust spirit
in the air. The kanji on the shogi are schedules of airlines and their
vectors. The lines of force spell The Limits of the Pieces are the
Levers of the Infinite. I will arrive at my destination precisely one
minute after leaving my destiny, as evinced by a dateline rushing back
into the darkness of time. I will be time and space. I, Daishin Nikuko,
will not respond. 


