


Parable


In Lucan, Medusa flies over Ethiopia I think and I think it's her head
carried by Perseus strafing the ground into stone. Or somewhere this is
an occurrence. But Daishin Nikuko met Medusa on just such a journey and
this is her story. One day, the story begins, Daishin Nikuko was flying
around in the guise of the hoo bird peeled off from the facade of the
Byodo-In Temple. Who should be coming the other way but Medusa in the
guise of the phoenix, born and sinking back into flames, but a car for the
occasion. They meet in mid-air, so the telling is that of Daishin Nikuko,
not Daishin Medusa, for it is Daishin Nikuko who survives the venture.
The snakes, says Daishin Medusa, she is surrounded by them.

It is the snakes which are blind, the snakes which enter the fray. For
Daishin Nikuko has her ecstatic eyes shut for the occasion, the snakes
darting in and out of fertile Daishin Nikuko, who sprinkles the ground
below with Bodhisattva. Fulfilled by death and the absence of the mirror
reflecting the face of Medusa, Daishin Nikuko opens her eyes, finding mien
of Medusa pleasing to the eye and soft to the touch. _The mirror has flown
to the shrine._ Within the throes of the ecstatic, Medusa withers, now
phoenix permanently. Medusa-phoenix in perfect enlightenment dies and is
repeatedly born in flame; this is the origin of time. Daishin Nikuko,
satiated, returns to human form; the roughness of her elbows, pressed hard
against the phoenix body for so many days, is the origin of space. That is
why one augurs travel from the patterning of the elbows to this day. That
is why I, Daishin Nikuko, will always prefer the super-express shinkansen
for my mode of travel.

