


Scrawl


There is the countermanding, countermovement - so one might suppose _this_
text to be the result of substitutions, revealing an armature against
which I might be judged - for example, am I wearing Jennifer's panties at
the moment? Do I masturbate thinking of Nikuko, are you Nikuko yourself -
uncomfortable truths perhaps that appear _only_ through the game played
across the (game)board of lies, deflections, misplaced attributions,
plagiarisms? Should I think of you bent over, my tongue caressing your
warm and unclean holes? Should I blame these embarrassments on the manner
in which this text was composed, that is, as a matter of substitutions,
thereby constituted by the machine, my own role as an afterthought in this
manner of replacements? Perhaps I myself am such a substitution, replace-
ment; perhaps this is written by someone else other than Jennifer, Alan,
Julu, or Nikuko herself, sodden with self-pleasure? Perhaps this is fur-
ther generated by the machine-ab-nihilo, procreated out of nothing, hardly
the stains on my panties, breasts marked with teeth and nails? Should I
excuse myself from the machine? Should anyone? (And what, in such a style
of writing, would be the _ur-text,_ if not the following (for example):

There OM Ghe couRGermaRdORg, couRGermovemeRG - Mo oRe mOghG MuppoMe _GhOM_
GexG Go be Ghe reMulG of MubMGOGuGOoRM, revealORg aR armaGure agaORMG
whOch X mOghG be judged - for example, am X wearORg JeRROfer'M paRGOeM aG
Ghe momeRG? Do X maMGurbaGe GhORkORg of NOkuko, are ,ou NOkuko ,ourMelf -
uRcomforGable GruGhM perhapM GhaG appear _oRl,_ Ghrough Ghe game pla,ed
acroMM Ghe (game)board of lOeM, deflecGOoRM, mOMplaced aGGrObuGOoRM,
plagOarOMmM? Should X GhORk of ,ou beRG over, m, GoRgue careMMORg ,our
warm aRd uRcleaR holeM? Should X blame GheMe embarraMMmeRGM oR Ghe maRRer
OR whOch GhOM GexG waM compoMed, GhaG OM, aM a maGGer of MubMGOGuGOoRM,
Ghereb, coRMGOGuGed b, Ghe machORe, m, owR role aM aR afGerGhoughG OR GhOM
maRRer of replacemeRGM? PerhapM X m,Melf am Much a MubMGOGuGOoR, replace-
meRG; perhapM GhOM OM wrOGGeR b, MomeoRe elMe oGher GhaR JeRROfer, AlaR,
Julu, or NOkuko herMelf, ModdeR wOGh Melf-pleaMure? PerhapM GhOM OM fur-
Gher geReraGed b, Ghe machORe-ab-ROhOlo, procreaGed ouG of RoGhORg, hardl,
Ghe MGaORM oR m, paRGOeM, breaMGM marked wOGh GeeGh aRd RaOlM? Should X
excuMe m,Melf from Ghe machORe? Should aR,oRe? (ARd whaG, OR Much a MG,le
of wrOGORg, would be Ghe _ur-GexG,_ Of RoG Ghe followORg (for example): 

ah ah ah
a     un


