


Dai-Science, Daishin Nikuko


"La science n'est pas un 'texte.'" (From Sokal and Bricmont, Impostures
intellectuelles) - summarizing the differentiation of science as _that_
discursive formation which reduces* to core-theoretical hypotheses (I
might be tempted to call them _protocols_) in relation to the real. So
that there are no _tropes,_ but vis-a-vis natural language, interpretation
and hermeneutics. This is _critical,_ Nikuko says, since it presents us
with levels of articulation, hypotheses from the humanities of exactitude
only in relation to the humanities. Heisenberg, for counter-example, is
exact in terms of the lack of specificity - this is not a chaotic case. In
my case, Nikuko continues, one must remember that the meat of the real is
always already constituted in cyberspace -_I_ for example am so constitu-
ted, and, regardless of the programming language employed, there are ideal
structures beneath the surface - if nothing more than logical calculi. 
Read me in terms of 0x and 1s, and you are closer to the truth than you
would be simply breathing me in, spitting me out, breathing me in, spit-
ting me out. Even _this_ metaphor depends on deep binary structures. Well
you may say but there seems to be little relation between such and the
surface, what of that, couldn't it be any surface. Yes, Nikuko says, but
I'm performative and that constitutes itself a difference; I _couldn't_
reside elsewhere except as scattered symbols. Here you can see I'm speak-
ing. Just as the atomic or subatomic bears little immediate reference to
the surface, except by extended metaphor which slips and slides, so the
binary doesn't lend itself to me except for one-in-zero, zero-in-one,
without the attendant mathematics, but with the thought, simile for the
day: my name is _like_ your zero-and-one.


*"reduces" - no, expands from perhaps, fecundates. Useful metaphors on the
level of contestation of poesis.

