


The Throatlessness of 0


Nikuko falling asleep: My dreams are hypnagogic; there is metal at work. 
Science is writing degree zero, not a domain for the humanities - nor even
for scientists. But degree zero, as if there were an _absolute signifier_
at the heart of a certain precise bandwidth. What might be considered from
the standpoint of the humanities a _symbolic emission,_ that is a signifi-
er whose effects are splayed/displayed cross-wise through the social. The
first statement in Sokal / Bricmont (within the epilogue, that is the
statement of which the other statement is #3) is "Savoir de quoi on
parle," and certainly degree zero implies an approach and even possible
solution vis-a-vis science, but _something else_ vis-a-vis the humanities
- that this knowledge, being metaphorically in the form of a structure or
radiating black hole, is not ever self-knowledge, not a flow or flux, not
anti-human or non-human or inhuman/e, but _a-human,_ that is to say an
adjacency _in relation to_ the corpus of human knowledge.

It is not that this gap can be bridged by the sciences or humanities, only
that extended metaphors may also surround degree zero, metaphors that are
deliberately weak, subject to change. The further from the center, the
greater the risk and even certainty of misinterpretation. _The center is
subject to no interpretation at all._

Hence an _uninterpretable text,_ and to the extent that _reading_ is ab-
sorbed by reflection theory, an _unreadable text_ as well, which does not
mean that the center is indecipherable - only that, say, 0s and 1s remain
neutral in relation to deep structure, neutral all the way down. (Which
again is not to say that there are no political-economic consequences of
the _practice of science,_ which is something else entirely, socially and
ideologically constructed.)

In relation to which, Nikuko adds, _the center does not speak._


