


I am beginning to think of perverse zazen, says Nikuko, continuing:

"For realized as flesh and blood, the lived body profoundly challenges the
separatist stance. [...] There is a Buddhist myth wherein the god Indra
has a net decorated with a bright jewel on each knot of the mesh. Each
jewel thus reflects all the other jewels into infinity. Reminiscent of the
philosophies of Leibniz or Whitehead, this myth suggests the mutual mir-
roring of all points in the universe. Yet the lived body is just such a
jewel; my ecstatic flesh opens into, mirrors the surrounding world of oth-
er bodies. I am not then simply an 'I' but all that I am not, a perspec-
tive upon the universe as a whole."

This quote from Drew Leder's The Absent Body, backed by phenomenological
research, splits if net = Net, and splits again if mirror = Mirror, the
latter at the focus of the shinto shrine. Net and Mirror reference what I
have called cybershinto; Net and mirror reference the diffusion / disso-
lution / splay / spray / emissions of virtual bodies and virtual subject-
ivites (as if _any_ subjectivity weren't virtual). Given net and mirror,
the reference is to Leder, to the absent body, to the phenomenology of
lived experience. Give net and Mirror, the reference is to an animism re-
lated to Dickenson and Blake alike. 

In other words, the text is also a jewel, although I'd rather say, in all
of these instances, coagulation, lending itself, tottering, among one or
another interpretation, recognition, misrecognition... (Perhaps copula-
tion as well, Nikuko thinks.)

Think of me inside-out, mapped across the Net; you could have any of my
stretched, swollen, distended interiors, all glistening, reflecting your
desire, possibly my own. But you must prove something to me as well, you
must prove the degree of your desire, inverting yourself, offering your-
self up to the gods, to the tongue of Daishin Nikuko...

(From Pink-and-Red Nikuko, musing on various possibilities of perverse
zazen.) 

