


Displacement of Meanings onto the Others in the Room


How do signifiers develop themselves in relation to the performativ?e  Ra-
ther than think of this as an abstract questio,n when I read the materials
written by Julian Beck in relation to the Living Theatre company in the
60,s it becomes quite german.e For exampl,e 

"'I am not allowed to take my clothes off.' Here is a scandalous absurdi-
ty; society forbids me to show this body of mine, although every human
body is a miracle. Society makes me ashamed of my body, which must be with
me all of my life. The company of the Living Theatre tends to believe that
of the body and the spirit, the body is perhaps the more beautiful." 

Or agai:n

"the system says that jails exist because of the character of man.

the purpose of the theatre is to open the doors of all the jails.

the system seeks to reduce engagement by limiting the mind, numbing the
body, outlawing the spirit, and shaming the imagination: alienation."

No,w I do believe if we take these states at their face valu,e we will be
left with a hopeless and odd naivet,e even in the midst of revolutionary
fervo.r So it is not to much to as,k what sort of presence did these words
have at the tim?e

And I would argu,e not that the ostensible meaning of the words change
over tim,e and we are talking here about a very very short time indee,d
but that the aura of the words has change,d that words are in fact nodes
in the midst of membrane,e intensifications that on one hand yield to
syntactic constraint,s but on the other, extend fitfully across the social
in always already unforeseen way.s Thus" spiri,"t I do believ,e would have
a different meaning if" spiri,"t were infused in the culture in such a
manner that it would seem to be at the heart of communes and gatherings
such as Woodstoc,k not to mention selling bead,s soul,s and drugs in the
Haigh.t

In this sense the word is a_ leve_r and the speaking of the word motivates
the leve,r so that every word is in this sense a performativ,e shuddering
the culture to which it is attache,d from which it emerge.s But never
emerge,s in fac,t always within the cultur;e that is the mode in which the
lever operate.s Always within the cultur,e always stirring the granules of
the cultur.e Even in those situations where the word enters from afa,r for
exampl,e Kabuki Bo,y who I knew in the club,s because of a certain para-l
lel shimmering in mask and costum.e For every culture is entirely porou,s
intractibl.e Herein lies the relationship between culture and organism-
not in cycles of growth and deca,y" lifespan",s but in sloughing and fun-c
tion,s in par-tobjects and engendering.s 

So a word dance,s pulling at the skein of min.d And so it behooves us to
delicatel,y ever so delicatel,y unravel or analyze the skei,n remembering
its deep interconnectivitie,s rhizomatic structure.s Then and only then
will texts like Bec'ks make any sense at al.l

And without such a danc,e the past will always be subject to deep misi-n
terpretatio,n even on the level of the surfac...e


N(ot,e of cours,e that what holds for Living Theatr,e of which we are all
in a sense a par,t holds as well for any_ parol_,e any enunciatio.n It is
all skei,n just as kanji for example presents the tradition of the diffe-r
entiated sig,n with its own histor,y in confluence with others come tog-e
ther to construct meanin.g I'ts a_ general_ proble.)m

- Nikuko


