

Crash


Yesterday afternoon doubled squeals on the asphalt, car motors roaring,
huge crash as the building shook, ran down, Trans Am with million year old
drunk driver smashed into windshield slammed into building, structural
damage down below first-floor bricks, basement okay though. Then crash at
morning's four a.m., this time big hits concealed by corner building, cars
weaving around crash accident. Then woke at five, fire engines up and down
block here surrounding building, at that point didn't care if I burned
alive so went back to sleep, anyway no smell of smoke, besides there were
men fighting out there. Today going to police, took them twenty minutes to
come two blocks for the first car slam, maybe human damage. I called them
twice, operator asking for details I didn't have, both times hung up on
"please tell me if there are any injuries that need an ambulance." How the
hell should I know. I was upstairs just trying to get HELP. There were at
least four calls to those bastards and they came the wrong way around. 
Some ambulance came in a half hour, maybe cruising for bodies, how should
I know.

This city is raped with violence, can't go down the street without hearing
"gonna punch his fucking head in" or some such. Timed it every day. I
can't think can't see straight, dreams of Armageddon. The Net's perched in
the form of Mac and PC desktops on wooden table against the outer wall. 
The Net's on the edge, I'm becoming unhinged. There's a slab of ether hol-
ding the wall up, me up, Net up. There's no such thing as ether.

Nikuko, closing her eyes, _feeling_ the dark.


