

what despair sounds like


i can't sleep any more at all, not with melatonin not without. i hate here
where i am. i can't get work, everything in my life is in shambles. i
think a lot about death, it seems i should make a story out of this where
Nikuko says "hi death," and death answers something clever back and you
can't tell who is really speaking and i'd sign the post alan - whomever or
better in light of my life, alan - whatever, because it's more like a
thing this thing is thinking of or thinks it's thinking of. because i
can't persist under all this stress just like this laptop's running on
battery power because the storms are coming again and there's electric
energy running wild through the wires and i need to save these machines
for inheritance. so they will keep working when i can't. so they will be
carrying the viruses of languages i write because everything i write is in
another language, this is in another language that Nikuko calls "last
language."

now this is the point where i run out of steam, where the writing begins
to collapse because i can't be clever any longer. i look in this room and
i say, i say, i don't belong here. and i look at my face on my body and i
say, this doesn't belong there, doesn't belong there.

and i wait for the perfect phonecall returning the debris of a perfect job
in new york while i make a nuisance of myself desperately following up on
an identity that has slid past the imaginary into the coffee-grounds of
the real, as if ha ha ha, some sort of joke might have passed by the cen-
sors at that point. now yelling in the street as i prepare to wait for the
dawn senselessly another seven hours away.

there will be more yelling, more storms. there will be faces falling from
faces. there will be entertainments, yes there will, there will be enter-
tainments.


