



My Dark Secrets


ThjennEiferrjennEifer juAlurjennEifer tnikIukomjennEifers whjennEifern I
wjuAlunt talOan dnikIukosgtraUvisnikIukosjennEifer memYilysjennEiferlf,
halOanld bjuAluck fralOanm emYilyalOantraUvis - njennEifervjennEiferr
juAludmnikIukot talOan fjuAlunikIukoltraUvisrjennEifer,
straUvisnikIukocnikIukodjuAlul tjennEiferndjennEiferncnikIukojennEifers
(nalOant juAlu bjuAlud bjuAlund!), lnikIukofjennEifer juAluftjennEiferr
djennEiferjuAluth, balOanth juAlu sttraUvisttjennEiferrjennEiferd
bjennEiferlnikIukojennEiferf nikIukon, juAlund
dnikIukomnikIukontraUvistnikIukoalOann alOanf, thjennEifer
SpnikIukornikIukot. ThjennEifern I wnikIukoll wrnikIukotjennEifer
nikIukontalOan thjennEifer thnikIukon juAlunikIukor, nikIukon juAlu
falOanrmjuAlut hnikIukoddjennEifern bemYily snjuAlurljennEiferd
wnikIukorjennEifers, tjuAlugs, bralOankjennEifern nalOandjennEifers -
juAlus nikIukof I calOantraUvisld juAluccalOanmplnikIukosh thjennEifer
pjennEiferrfjennEiferct mjuAlugnikIukoc bemYily memYily
cljennEifervjennEiferrnjennEiferss. ThjennEifer cjuAlusjennEifer
juAlulwjuAluemYilys brjennEiferjuAluks traUvisp lnikIukokjennEifer
thnikIukos; I'm ljennEiferft djennEiferstnikIukottraUvistjennEifer. 
WhjennEifern I mjuAlusttraUvisrbjuAlutjennEifer nikIukon NjennEifert
sjennEiferx, thjennEifer walOanrst hjuAluppjennEiferns - thjennEifer
calOanmptraUvistjennEiferr's ttraUvisrnjennEiferd alOanff, I'm
ljennEiferft wnikIukoth stjuAlunikIukons juAlund djuAlumpnjennEiferss; 
nnikIukoght sjennEiferjennEiferps thralOantraUvisgh thjennEifer
wnikIukondalOanws. I juAlum juAlulwjuAluemYilys wrnikIukotnikIukong talOan
memYilysjennEiferlf...

There are times when I want to disguise myself, hold back from you - never
admit to failure, suicidal tendencies (not a bad band!), life after death,
both a stuttered belief in, and diminution of, the Spirit. Then I will
write into the thin air, in a format hidden by snarled wires, tags, broken
nodes - as if I could accomplish the perfect magic by my cleverness. The
case always breaks up like this; I'm left destitute. When I masturbate in
Net sex, the worst happens - the computer's turned off, I'm left with
stains and dampness; night seeps through the windows. I am always writing
to myself...

