


for them ii


VISCOSITY -1: WAITING FOR THEM (I WANT TO TELL YOU A STORY)

I'm Jennifer, and I hardly know what I'm talking about. I'm not part of
any dot-movement. Readings are few and far between. I write on others more
than I'm written on, with the exception of the self-immolation of the wri-
ting on my body; I'm responsible for that. Think of each of these letters
cut into the flesh as if a period _._ were a pinprick, and _I_ were a
wound or incision. To incise the _I_, to blind it.

VISCOSITY O: IT FUNNELS THROUGH THE PORES AND POURS

There's nothing to see in cyberspace. In real life I'm in the corner of
the wall at the party which has rushed towards the other side of the room.
Party-wave whose foam distills cultural capital. My territory's guarded
with that hungry I incised in my chest, bleeding. Poor me, like a dog, my
guts spill out across the room; like the bad artist I am, I corral anyone
within my vicinity: help me, feed, me.

VISCOSITY 1: IT SMOOTHS YOU OUT AND LIES YOU DOWN AND MEAUSRES YOU

An n-dimensional measure polytope (line segment, square, cube, hypercube,
etc.) has 3^n elements. The party-room has 1 3-space, 6 2-spaces (planes),
12 1-spaces (lines), 8 0-spaces (dots). They add to 27 elements of course. 
You get the party-room by stretching a line segment (one 1-space, 2-0 spa-
ces) into a square (1 2-space, 4 1-spaces, 4 0-spaces), then the plane
sliding (sideways and orthogonal) into the cube. 

VISCOSITY 2: IT HARDENS YOU AGAINST ALL COMERS

Look what happens. The line segment has a beginning middle and end. The
square has a beginning composed of a line segment, a middle composed of a
2-space, and an end composed of a line segment. Everything is like that,
beginning, middle which splits, opens up to a higher dimension, end, which
curtails, closes down. (In an n-dimensional measure polytope, the n-space
is open, bounded by the n-1, n-2, etc. spaces. But the party's closed, but
the body's open.)

VISCOSITY 3: HARDENED-YOU TAKES ON ALL COMERS

The I-wound opens up, splits the body; what gushes forth, like suicide,
remains uncontrolled. No one is there to count the parts of the body, the
varied dimensions and colors brilliantly displayed.

VISCOSITY 4: YOU'RE ALMOST A THING

I'm Nikuko and I'm writing this touching dialog which is really a monolog,
and this is the end of the monolog, cut off from the rest, wherever that
might be. The party's at the other end of the room. I'm going to stay here
and do my best to starve. 

VISCOSITY 5: TAG, YOU'RE IT


