


The Jury of the Film as We Disappear in the Light of a Projector


Doing jury duty again on films, looking at 120 over one or two days, these
are experimental - this happens once a year, maybe eighty films a day, we
are down very slightly this year; by the end of the day, everything is
running-on, and by the end of the day I am living in the imaginary, which
makes the entire trip worthwhile, evocations of ghosts every frame, one
establishes the line between one and another at 24 or 30 per second, you
can see the grain in the real after the fact, which is the fact, the tend-
ency towards the construction of meaning in evidence - every object placed
just so in the mise en scene in order to constitute the diegetic for the
subject - who is not virtual, but the parallels are obvious between such
occurrences and cyberspace - so in this regard, it's as if there are reals
which are drained, devoid, denuded, destitute - it's as if these are all
the reals there are - not a litany of reals, but a desert or emptying of
reals - as in emptying or unraveling of reels - and the ghosts of Clement
Rosset, Catherine Clement, reappear in this context, moving from one to
another text or across texts - con- or pro-texts or protests/contests -
for the jurying is a contest as well, among worlds and their constitutive
principles - our jury conversation in the room an ill-equipped reflection
of the sunlit world outside - you can understand we're loathe to speak of
this, our sallow flesh, for example, my visage drained, denuded, of life -
speaking or murmuring across an uncanny pallor...


