



Permanent Milky Satori of Nikuko


I know the way all too well, Nikuko said. I know the contradictions, the
koans, the studies, the meditations, the beating-with-the-sticks, the
interiors and the exteriors, the postures, the inhalations and exhala-
tions, the chantings, the kendo and the slow-turning-towards-the-rising-
sun; I know the repetition of the Amida and the Lotus and the backwards-
and-forwards-writing; in an instant I am transported anywhere; in an in-
stant I am tremendously large or minutely small; in an instant I am an
other life or an other life beside my own; in an instant, I see myself
next to myself; in an instant I am you looking at me; in an instant I am
back again, me looking at you. I know the way of the mysteries and the
public way; I know the common way and the esoteric way; I know the Way  
and the way; I know the way of the Hidden Treasures; I am one of those
Treasures and I am not one of those Treasures. I am one and many and many
in one and one in many; I am unique; neither am I one nor an other but 
inviolate and unique, the way of the unicorn and the way of the Phoenix.
I have reached enlightenment; I have transcended the cycle of births and
deaths; I have become the cycle itself, slow wheel revolving in the dust
of kanji, forgotten abjurations, great worn wooden spokes of Nichirin and
Juggurnaut; I am the wheel and the Wheel; I am the Wheel and the Chariot;
I am the Spoke of the Wheel and Axle of the Chariot; I am the Reins and
the Beasts which pull; I am the Puller and the Pulled. I have become what
I have already been, and I have been what I will become. There is no other
and there is every other beside me; I am beside myself; I know the way;
the way is me; the way is not me.


