


Departure


_the continuity girl_ checks the sea shore; there are slightly angry
waves, a grey-white-foam day against sullen sky. There is a boat at the
slip extending from the sand, and just like science fiction, there is
nothing else for miles, dune-scrub, crab scuttlings excepted. Julu and
Nikuko are there; Jennifer hovers like a dark presence or phenomenological
horizon: we _know._


Julu and Nikuko, Daishin Nikuko of parable fame, Julu of the pink-red
planet, walk slowly towards the boat. It is very solemn and one can
imagine deep tones, fourths and fifths, gakaku minors, but there is only
the sound of waves murmuring in slightly chaotic rhythm, against the
lapping of the shore.

Imagine the black moon against the sullen sky.

Julu and Nikuko enter the boat. Their lips are parted; they speak quietly
to one another, Jennifer overhears. Their hair streams with dampness and
the cold spray of love. They are wearing simple brown clothes, tied in
place at the waist. It is all very serious and beautiful. No islands are
visible.

The boat begins to move slowly out to sea. _the continuity girl_ watches
the departure of Julu and Nikuko, and Jennifer is everywhere, it seems,
part of the land and the shore and the sea and the sky, and part of the
boat and the slip, from which it has slipped almost to a dark period on
the horizon, and then nothing, nothing at all.

Thus did Julu and Nikuko depart the scripts and the texts, on this cold
and eerie day; and thus did _the continuity girl_ retreat, hours later,
from the beach and the shore, wet sand underfoot, her work done, her
desire met with tears, the wheeling of a lone grey gull in the dusk and
evening sky.

Jennifer begins to breathe.


