


_dramatic-script boy_ Explains Email


Email is like golf, says the _dramatic-script boy,_ since you send a
missive or a missile to a place where flags direct it across the course
hoping to reach someone on the other side; caddies are routers, always
helpful in terms of the direction of wind or packet-switching, look - a
router's down, perhaps go another direction, avoid the sand-trap to your
right. Another way to think it through, says the _dramatic-script boy,_ is
that email is similar to a desert ecosystem. There are seeds everywhere
hungry for nourishment, and a limited amount of water, which takes the
easiest routes (roots) to divest them of their lethargy; they sprout
whenever possible, as if they're read in a wadi or arroyo, and you might
even consider sudden bloomings as chain letters or flamewars brightening
up the cyber-landscape. Then again, continues the _dramatic-script boy,_
email parallels a No play, in which there are to principal actors, shite
and waki, receiver and transmitter, and all the words flow between them,
amplified by the hollow floor of the stage, which is somewhat similar to
the trunklines carrying email from me to you, and the often atonal
phrasing of the No flute may be likened to the routing around obstacles;
then again, there are so many layers to the play, from that of the
language to that of the costume finery and repeated stances, which are
equivalent to the TCP/IP protocol layers on the Internet, and a television
production of the play is surely like asynchronous transmissions modes
which have been recently used to good effect. Now you might think, says
the _dramatic-script boy,_ that it's easiest to consider email a form of
mineral deposit, specifically anthracite coal, which seeks its own des-
tinations in the midst of sandy loams and clays, having been deposited for
millions of years by organic materials repeated compressed, just like
packets are compressed, having been equally deposited by organic
materials, and such packets also seek their own destinations, as it were,
by means of somewhat intelligent routing tables based on traffic amidst
the sandy loams of other information streams as well as the weather of the
entire planet, which might knock down wires or knock out satellites, just
as Sigillaria or Neuroptera were knocked down by winds or storms or decay
so many millions of years ago. Further, think of the coal bed as hard disk
storage; a disk crash easily parallels the burning of the coal in furnaces
for the warming benefits of our loved ones. Once again, explains the
_dramatic-script boy,_ figuring on, I would postulate a breakfast eating
of a scrambled egg; the scrambling is definitely PGP encoding, of course,
which is then taken apart by means of mysterious stomach juices, keys to
personal fulfilling satisfaction. The egg itself travels through various
machines, from chicken through supermarket cart, perhaps to automobile or
subway car, and then onto a stove for merry preparation. Such preparation
is identical to the preparation of an email missive; both involve fuzzy
logic, attempting to get the ingredients right for perfect reception. I
might add that both cost very little, and both are tending away from a
flat rate to something that big corporations, looking out for us, feel is
far more equitable, a per-unit charge for just about the whole wide world.
If I maybe so bold, says the _dramatic-script boy,_ think of email as _the
continuity girl,_ always bringing coherence and joy into any production,
carrying as well those wonderful memories that ensure the functioning of
the world, and opening her womb to the birth of a loving matrix and
wellspring of communication. Just as _the continuity girl_ moves from set
to set, so does email move from location to location, speaking where sent
and where needed, silent otherwise, always addressed to the proper
recipient. If I may be bolder, says the _dramatic-script boy,_ I would ask
that you consider email as the _dramatic-script boy_ himself, carrying a
bundle or packet of scripts accessible for any occasion, written by 
someone he knows not, and delivered to someone equally unknown, just as
packets tunnel through machines that know not their contents, carrying
their addresses at their heads, just as scripts carry their tables of
contents at the beginning in order to assume salubrious receptivities.
Furthermore, says the _dramatic-script boy,_ begging indulgence, it may be
propitious to consider email as the fall of the Roman Empire; in both
situations, messages in unknown tongues scurried back and forth, there
were layers of diplomatic or software protocol, posts began lost as they
were sent to and from outposts with poor connectivity, the aristocracy
huddled in fear from flamewars and insufficient bandwidth, the writing, if
not the writing skill, of letters increased exponentially, there were
hackers at the gates, the road system was one of the best in the world for
redundant routing of legions and packets, and there were vast circuses and
email lists for the entertainment of the multitudes.


