


She, Committed


If _the continuity girl_ commits suicide, does she break continuity? For
her life would be over, when her life was not over, says _the continuity
girl._ _the continuity girl_ has power over continuity, because only by
ending her life can she break continuity. Otherwise says _the continuity
girl,_ she remains with her ego which is non-ego, and she remains which is
not-remaining. For when she says _I,_ it is not not-I, but it is not I as
well, for it is a break or a shifter, but only as phonemes glide across
the tongue, text glides across the screen. She will be there on the morrow
as non-she is not-there as well on the morrow or in the mirror. This will
reach its end or not-end, after which _the continuity girl_ will have bro-
ken continuity, the word not continued at line's end, hyphenating leading
nowhere. Well, she will live for now, serving the _dramatic-script boy,_
loving Jennifer, continuing the two of them in a sheaf or a braid. Oh I
forget, says _the continuity girl,_ perhaps I will give birth. _dramatic-
script boy_ smiles, and I wonder why. The continuity-world is always hyph-

(Who writes this? If _the continuity girl,_ she smiles the _dramatic-
script boy,_ narrowing the range of the script sheaf he carries, much as
she might carry him. If _dramatic-script boy,_ perhaps the concept of
script is also the concept of seduction; perhaps death lies beneath each
and every protocol; perhaps he's haunted. If Alan, then this is indeed
perturbing, too much talk of suicide. And if Jennifer, then ghost-like we
dance into the evening, hoping against hope, and who is this _we_ that
continues, just beneath the surface of the screen, against the face of the
waning moon? We wait for the world to crumble, collapse; we wait for decay
and massive extinctions. We shall dance the night away. We shall dance and
we shall dance and we shall dance.

The night away.)


