


we are breathing like Ulay and Marina each other's pure beautiful breath
we are very tired

Jennifer breathes out thousands of people are moving out _the continuity
girl_ breathes in _the continuity girl_ breathes out thousands of people
are moving in Jennifer breathes in Jennifer breathes out _the continuity
girl_ breathes in thousands of people are moving in Jennifer breathes in
_the continuity girl_ breathes out thousands of people are moving out like
Heloise and Abelard or like Ulay and Marina Jennifer breathes in _the
continuity girl_ breathes out like Romeo and Juliet or like Aoi and Genji
Jennifer breathes out _the continuity girl_ breathes in like Jennifer and
_the continuity girl_ _the continuity girl_ breathes out like _the
continuity girl_ and Jennifer Jennifer breathes in mouth to mouth _the
continuity girl_ breathes in mouth to mouth Jennifer breathes out

they breathe in and out hungry for each other and one of them typing this
with one hand and keep on breathing until they pass out because they have
stale breath with little oxygen available for their muscles because they
are breathing each others breath refusing for all time to take anything
new inside of them since their breath is pure they are pure they are one
in their arms and legs and tongues and hair woven into one and they will
never part and one of them will keep typing this with one hand and then
the other will take over and keep typing while they have their breathing
what is inside them into one another not taking anything from anyone else
this is the most pure love and one of them will take over because fingers
are very weak with beautiful pure love and the other


