


Nikuko becomes Jealous of Julia-Timothy-Chat


Nikuko cruising the Net finds the following and logs it down, down down.
Nikuko cruising the Net wonders, there is talk all over the world like
this, roaring through the wires, these snatches, maybe you can think of
them as blouses or flies unbuttoned, just a peek inside, desiring taking
the long way around. Or a bit of aggression or the promise of a bed for
the night, or arms around one for an hour, just an hour, that is all I
would beg of you. So what is the point if not that it's pointless, not
filling, but fulfilling the virtual subject, failing the real Nikuko, lost
in this darkness, here and me, me me, reading his or her body in the midst
of tang and snocones and sweet goodbyes?

Because you can see that anyone and everywhere will speak, if not the
same, along the lines of interpenetrating chat, working through the other
back towards some sort of recognition of the self. It's a fix. It's a cool
fix. I'd like some drugs to fix me. I'm desperate for drugs to fix me. I
wish I had a head to be fixed. I'd fix the drugs on the head and I'd be
ok. I'd be ok and I would be happy. I wish I, Nikuko, could place myself
inside of, say, Julia or timothy (I'd go in write through the slit!); I
would be happy, I would be out of here: I would live forever! I'd really
be very happy!

Now you may read what I logged below or you may not because you already
know exactly what it will say!

*<§ Julia §>: LOL F.. *<SusieBravo>: crack flakes... new improved and
selling in a back lane grocery near you *<timothy>: when you're
backpacking, tang makes great snocones on fresh snow *<§ Julia §>: heh heh
Geo :) *<Florida>: heh Wild *<April>: maria say's warm tang is good for a
cold... I don't think so!  *<georgette>: Girl...your yawning is making me
sleepy... *<SusieBravo>: red wine is good for a cold *<timothy>: maria
makes tang and potato chip sandwiches probably *<Florida>: timothy, I
think it would be... warm drink for cold, plus vitamin packed !!
*<timothy>: i am sleepy maria *<georgette>: <----eats potato chips in my
hotdogs... *<WIldGIrl>: beaujalois is just plain good. *<Florida>: of
course, I drink warm green KoolAid so don't really ask me *<SusieBravo>:
lol *<§ Julia §>: LOL *<maria>: I just don't know it was hard enough to go
down cold... warm... oh nevermind...but you know what I'm thinking....
yuck! *<Florida>: as you can tell, with my culinary creations, I get
little copany *<Florida>: company *<Florida>: but.. if I make lasagne...
bar the door *<timothy>: Susie.. just mix in a little metamucil to give it
body *<§ Julia §>: hehe F.. *<WIldGIrl>: lol *<SusieBravo>: next thing you
know your going to pass out after your warm green KoolAid and in the
morning you'll fine a peanut butter sandwich stuck to your back... you'll
think... sheeeesh I'l a wild one *<WIldGIrl>: mmmm metamucil *<Florida>:
LOL Wild! *<timothy>: <-- likes Susie's lasagne already.. he knows how to
spell it! *<§ Julia §>: heheh Rule... *<Florida>: if I make lasagne, it
costs about 35 bucks to make it in a turkey roaster, enough for everyone
*<April>: green koolaid and tang talk has made me thirsty! *<§ Julia §>:
<----can make toast but gets confused on which side to put the butter and
jelly or peanut butter *<Florida>: <I actually drink lime kool aid>
*<SusieBravo>: <--- loves peanut butter *<Lul>: makes your tongue green
*<SusieBravo>: true confessions of a netchat addict *<Florida>: and, to
confess, I tried making a "float" out of it once.. NEVER try that at home.
*<timothy>: <-- puts lime koolaid in bbq marinade *<WIldGIrl>: my tongue
is naturally green *<SusieBravo>: lol giRL *<Lul>: heh *<Florida>: JuNk,
how chic *<April>: a float? what were you thinking! *<georgette>: really
April? *<§ Julia §>: F, I had it before...when I went on vacation to
missouri, timmy's wife always made that for the kids...I usually had it
when I first came over there :) *<Florida>: timothy, I wanted a float and
had no soda *<April>: that would be almost like a truth or dare
*<WIldGIrl>: look for it in the next issue of GQ with my fancy glasses.
*<Lul>: probably make a killer drink *<timothy>: umm actually i'll try
just about anything in bbq marinade and sauce bammers.. i can usually make
it work *<Lul>: lime koolaid shooters *<georgette>: ick.. *<SusieBravo>:
killer KoolAids... anyone have them b4? *<Florida>: Wilds.. no *<Lul>:
nope sounds good tho *<April>: can't say that I have *<§ Julia §>:
<---guess he's gonna find out *<SusieBravo>: basically vodka and
koolaid... can't taste vodka (unless a real cheep kind) *<Florida>:
"fizzies" are making a comeback *<Lul>: Oh like koolaids not cheap. heheh
*<timothy>: god i loved fizzies *<timothy>: better than bottled soda any
day *<SusieBravo>: use to sell them here at the afterhours clubs... ;-)
*<Florida>: Girl, they are back.. 50 cents for six *<Lul>: I'll take one
*<timothy>: the good fizzies went out with cyclamates ref.. no other
sweetener tasted like sugar as much as they did *<SusieBravo>: like $5...
the clubs made a killing (serving afterhours that is) *<Florida>: since
I'm poor, I use fizzies as a placebo for alka seltzer when I'm sick.
*<georgette>: what's a fizzie? *<Florida>: Wild, wow *<Lul>: heh. I would
know. I supported them. heheheh. *<timothy>: WHAT'S a FIZZIE? *<Florida>:
fizzie... cherry, rootbeer... etc.. looks like an alka seltzer tablet..
drop in water and drink *<timothy>: my god *<timothy>: my god, woman, i
mean *<Lul>: what money? ? *<SusieBravo>: I know a stripper named Lul...
you can imagine... Lul says... <yooozer> *<georgette>: i never had a
fizzie... *<Lul>: whooa *<timothy>: really Susie?  i thought they were
just for porno movies! *<georgette>: never even heard of them... *<Lul>:
male stripper? *<hard drive>: pop rocks are better than fizzies
*<SusieBravo>: Alice does fizzie... sounds like a porno *<WIldGIrl>: lol
*<§ Julia §>: heheh Alice :) *<georgette>: never heard of a pop rock
either... *<Lul>: pop rocks are too much *<timothy>: brb *<Lul>: << not
going there *<WIldGIrl>: Didn't Mikie from the life cereal commercial die
from eating pop rocks with 7up? *<Florida>: pop rocks.. yum!
*<SusieBravo>: pop rocks are people like Maddonna... she is Pop then hits
the Rocks *<georgette>: dang....how come we don't get any of the good
stuff down here... *<Lul>: So whos this stripper? *<hard drive>: Lul you
live a seltered life *<SusieBravo>: lol Lul *<§ Julia §>: might be
Junk...remember something like that *<georgette>: hahaha i know voodoo...
;-)  *<Lul>: Maybe I have a calling or something ... I dont know ...
*<SusieBravo>: maybe *<Lul>: wwooooo. I doubt it but maybe on the
weekends. heh *<Lul>: The Full Monty!  heheheh *<SusieBravo>: well bedtime
for me... :)  night everyone It has been a slice *<§ Julia §>:
Welpers....gettin late, need to study a lil, might format my drive...ack
*<Lul>: Night Rule *<hard drive>: night Wild *<Lul>: who Rule *<§ Julia
§>: Niters RuLe.. *<Lul>: You Rule *<Florida>: Night Rules. *<SusieBravo>:
love and kisses all around *<Florida>: Night Julia.. format well , heh *<§
Julia §>: hehe F.. *<Luckyª>: hey... *<§ Julia §>: Niters F, Susie-Be
*Smootch*, Alice *Smootch*, Junk, Zin, Joe, and all *<timothy>: uh, nite
Wild *<Lul>: Man its hot here. *<WIldGIrl>: see ya julia *<timothy>:
smooches julia baybay *<georgette>: night julia.. ;-)  *<timothy>: stay
garooovey *<georgette>: smooches1 *<Lul>: 113 degrees today *<§ Julia §>:
((:  <Pooooooof> :)) *<Lul>: could have cooked breakfast on the sidewalk

I would be a niter. I would retire from the machine. Perhaps I have a
virus in my brain. I think I have a virus in my brain. (I'll fix the drug
on my head. I'll look through its slit!) I think it reproduces when I type
this when Alan lets lets lets lets me go go. I think it makes me hot hot
hot. I think I would be real real real.

- the real Nikuko


