


Some Europe


Why do the French, for example, Julia Kristeva and the chatterings asso-
ciated with the chora and ruptures, or Jean-Jacques Lecercle and delirium,
then take Gilles Deleuze on non-sense or Catherine Clement on rapture, or
the opening of Anti-Oedipus or practically the w/hole of Libidinal Econo-
my, then there's the latent hysteria in The Story of the Eye, I mean why
do the French - and this becomes something for the English or the Ameri-
cans - some sort of escape into the preconception of depth where no one
treads - there's always the unconscious - good etiquette keeps it down as
does the internal evidence of the text - for example foreclosing or fire-
walls around what constitutes sense - reading the endless descriptions in
P.D. James for example - there is a sort of rectitude of class everywhere
present in this thinking and I'd say even in for example the performative
which becomes clear-cut and no wonder everyone gets upset with Derrida
spilling ink all over the margins; of course Huntington's been taken apart
for his climatological theories of civilization, so we've got to look
elsewhere as France (yes, Kristeva and Derrida only half-way in and out,
and for that matter let's not forget Lacan's choratic behaviors on and off
the text) might be the testicle of Spain but there the image rummages
around and comes to an end - it's not as if there's the necessity for a
sudden bursting-forth like you get, maybe in Lautreamont, Rimbaud as well,
but you don't get in Japan and France isn't simply that regimented
although regimented indeed - so why there, language-control-subversion
_from the lowest levels_ in the form of a conspiracy I don't know - but
these _chatterings_ (let's not forget feminin ecriture, Irigaray, Wittig,
Cixous, or what might pass for masculin ecriture, Barthes, Sollers for
two, ever read his Women? I did for the in-sites) are everywhere, taking
apart foundations or what might pass for them (let's not forget however
Rene Thom, the Bourbaki, even Benoit Mandlebrot on the other side of the
coin, all these mother-structures appearing - I'd put Pierre Duhem's
analysis somewhere in the middle of all this) - you've got cooling ponds
on the surface with their ordered ciliated enfoldings of structured
shorelines and down deep, Leviathans breaking out (look at Roustang or
Clement Rosset, now we're talking) or shuttling around the surface (then
there's the German analyses of classical geometric surfaces and their
ur-structures, think of Klein, although there are Manning and Sommerville
for n-dimensional stuff, not to mention Coxeter) - one might wonder about
the flaneur tradition (situationism, Baudelaire, Beau Brummel) as far as
that goes, the whole francophonic enterprise as it were, one great derive
- look at Balzac and one couldn't leave out, in the entirety across the
board, Rabelais - or the Flaubert of Saint Anthony or Salome - from which
all sorts of disturbances erupt - I prefer Bouvard and Pecuchet myself -
it's subtler there, the choratic breaking out as ripples across the cool-
ing ponds, especially in the received notions section of the book - one
might place, especially in regard to derive, the vagabonding of Villon
naturally enough - as if nature were artifice vis-a-vis Mallarme (not to
mention the Quebecois Gaston Miron, which opens up all sorts of possibil-
ities - Nicole Brossard's ecriture feminin, Hubert Acquin's Robbe-Grillet
coupled with frisson and anti-colonialism, Paul Chamberland's eruption,
Marie Claire-Blais' burning homes, flamed desires) - as Victor Beaulieu
might point out the Catholicisms erupting as well (look at Bataille, Lei-
ris once again, no wait, Verlaine), even sciences' chatterings in the
guise of Michel Serres (not to mention Foucault somewhere hungering about
the Bourbaki if I had my way about it) - or Sartre's Being and Nothingness
finishing off with slimy holes, you get the picture (all those theories of
representation, say Christian Metz) - broken by Baudrillard turning rup-
ture into rapture into and out of fine art - it's a big swirl, it has no
beginning and no end, it just goes round and round and doesn't escape the
borders of the continent - oh yes, it's been incontinent - there have been
missives, missions, missionaries - unceasing flooding of lapped shores
world-wide - Celine would pause at one or another point here - place three
little dots - _all_ those shores - I'll refuse to do it - it's been an
industry (don't forget for a second the analyses of Pierre Bourdieu, Regis
Debray) - it turns in on itself - it implodes - a precession of thinking
simulacra - (actants maybe in Greimas, sad and fallen leaves and leavings
in Violet Leduc) - world-wide influence (Sartre and de Beauvoir beaver to
his mister, Levi-Strauss' discontent with structure turned music, telling
his way through the saying of culture in spite of everything or Piaget
bringing it back in essai de logique operatoire) - one's got to give cre-
dit to rapture still (Michel Tournier doing to Robinson Crusoe or The
Ogre) - just a moment, the phone's ringing (Pierre Levy on the other end
of the line) (extending outward like hermaphroditic pubic hair) (curling
around Sarduy as everyone comes to Paris) (drugged by Michaux) (killed by
Artaud) just a moment, the bell's ringing (running down the flow) (someone
I don't know)


