= YTalk version 3.0 (2) =---------

[Waiting for connection...]

                     #####################################
                     #            Ytalk Error            #
                     #                                   #
                     #  No talk daemon on oita.san.com   #
                     #         (no system error)         #
                     #####################################

                     #####################################
                     #            Ytalk Error            #
                     #                                   #
                     #  No talk daemon on oita.san.com   #
                     #         (no system error)         #
                     #                                   #
                     #  No talk daemon on oita.san.com   #
                     #         (no system error)         #
                     #####################################


The saddest apparent cutback at san.com. The shell accounts become weaker
and weaker. Now, there's no time or place for one-to-one conversation. Now
it's all windows, clicking, mice running all over the place, banners, beta
updates, passwords, cookies, spam.

"_talk_ is enjoyable, if trivial, once you've worked out the kinks. It's
difficult, for example, to handle pauses in a conversation. Without verbal
cues or physical gestures, you don't really know whether you're supposed
to say something or whether your correspondent is simply gathering her
thoughts before continuing. Then too, there's the question of productiv-
ity. You find after a while that simultaneous typing doesn't produce a
very high information flow; you can ratchet up the content by ten or so if
you simply pick up the phone and call this person." (Gilster, The Internet
Navigator, first edition.)

But talk (and ytalk, the later version) works at a distance; it's bare-
bones and appears bare-body; there is no advertising; you can go in and
out of the shell with ytalk, and so forth. The receiver types below the
sender. As in ICQ and other like-minded chats, you see the letters as they
are being entered; the result is the appearance of virtual bodies/spaces
on your screen. It is extraordinarily intense for net sex, and years ago,
Kim McGlynn and I did a number of pieces using and logging the format for
a series of texts dealing with psychosis and hysteric bodies/fluxes across
the screen, barely in and out of control.

It is bare-bones, and there is no advertising, no menu visible; the
monitor screen is divided by a dotted line which may or may not contain
the recipient's address. And that is all you see. And the rest is yours
and the person with whom you are writing, talking. You can write together,
simultaneously, as if over one another, interspersing one another. With
fixed-width courier fonts, it all appears natural, letters bursting out,
not with devices, but with the intensity of content unraveling. You
unravel each other.

I won't be sad. I'll put your picture on the screen. I'll put everyone's
picture on the screen. I'll move my mouse around the pad. I'll move the
cursor around an infinity of bodies. Supine or leaning back, here, where
you are not, I'll move the mouse across my body, in the flesh, the flesh
in the flesh, mouse into cursor onto you. And I'll map my body onto yours.
And I'll map my nipples onto yours. And I'll map my cock onto your cunt.
I'll map my eyes onto your eyes. I'll map my mouth onto your mouth, my
arms into yours, my legs into yours, my asshole, yours. And neither of us
will have to say a thing; neither of us need never speak again.


