
 

The Return of Nikuko in an Expanding Universe


A Transmission of Jennifer, by Julu, Buried Beneath the Ground

Nikuko returns to gol.com (Japan) only to find 
/var/log/nonexistent.notused. 

{k:7} cd nonexistent.notused
{k:8} ls
ls: .: Permission denied
{k:9} ls -la
ls: .: Permission denied
 
Nikuko wants to be used. Her function is usage. She is defined by her
function. Darling Nikuko. Nikuko herself uses Nikuko. Nikuko-function
uses Nikuko-Function. Okagami, Great Mirror. Self-reflexive function:
absorption: xx = x. x _always goes for_ x.
 
{k:10} rm Nikuko
remove Nikuko? y
{k:11} Get on with it.

The text here splays, dissolves. That is, arousal guarantees there's no
longer a body. But it's a sign to someone else, that's for sure. So who
are you? The text's supine, no one else is. Who would it be? Who would 
use the name _Nikuko?_ I'd say no one would use the name. I'd say she's
hardly removed; there's been too much talk about /dev/nul, the device at
the end of the world, lately. 

Because - and Jennifer has been musing this for a long time now - once
there's sufficient expansion of the universe, there's no longer memory. It
won't do to say even now, _this happened, how beautiful this was._ It
won't do to harbor these texts. Annihilation as an operation won't exist
either. Nothing will exist and not exist, but this is no comfort to the
ch'an; it's a bar of thinking and non-thinking. It's impossible to think
this through or to think through this.

What you're thinking through just now is the memory of the sign. And it
fills your body. To the breaking-point.

Even now, depressed and thinking of death, the text begins to meander,
waver, lose its moorings. But it's still remembered by you. But it won't
be in the future, say "far future," you can say it. Say it before the
screen, prostrated as such. Remember the future anterior, remember it's
always already a memory. But a memory of the sign.

(You won't even know what you're missing. Jennifer won't let you see her
anymore. Not without her clothes!)

Which is none at all. I can't tell you how nonexistent that is. And to
what extent notused.

I can't tell you anything, Julu, buried beneath the ground.


