



count on me once you get one going

0 zero. ... 00 zero. ... 000 zero. i'm going nowhere fast ... 0000 zero.
... 00000 zero. ... 1 one. ... 11 eleven. ... 111 one hundred eleven. ...
1111 one thousand. one hundred eleven. ... 11111 eleven thousand. one
hundred eleven. i'm really zooming around ... 111111 one hundred eleven
thousand. one hundred eleven. ... 1111111 one million. one hundred eleven
thousand. one hundred eleven. ... 11111111 eleven million. one hundred
eleven thousand. one hundred eleven. what an amazing terrific speed ...
111111111 one hundred eleven million. one hundred eleven thousand. one
hundred eleven. ... 1111111111 one billion. one hundred eleven million.
one hundred eleven thousand. one hundred eleven. nikuko faster than light
... 11111111111 eleven billion. one hundred eleven million. one hundred
eleven thousand. one hundred eleven. ... 111111111111 one hundred eleven
billion. one hundred eleven million. one hundred eleven thousand. one
hundred eleven. nikuko's breath coming faster ... 1111111111111 one tril-
lion. one hundred eleven billion. one hundred eleven million. one hundred
eleven thousand. one hundred eleven. ... nikuko nikuko ... 11111111111111
eleven trillion. one hundred eleven billion. one hundred eleven million.
one hundred eleven thousand. one hundred eleven. ... 111111111111111 one
hundred eleven trillion. one hundred eleven billion. one hundred eleven
million. one hundred eleven thousand. one hundred eleven. ... 111111111111
1111 one quadrillion. one hundred eleven trillion. one hundred eleven bil-
lion. one hundred eleven million. one hundred eleven thousand. one hundred
eleven. ... 11111111111111111 eleven quadrillion. one hundred eleven tril-
lion. one hundred eleven billion. one hundred eleven million. one hundred
eleven thousand. one hundred eleven. ... 111111111111111111 one hundred
eleven quadrillion. one hundred eleven trillion. one hundred eleven bil-
lion. one hundred eleven million. one hundred eleven thousand. one hundred
eleven. ... 1111111111111111111 one quintillion. one hundred eleven quad-
rillion. one hundred eleven trillion. one hundred eleven billion. one
hundred eleven million. one hundred eleven thousand. one hundred eleven.
... 11111111111111111111 eleven quintillion. one hundred eleven quadril-
lion. one hundred eleven trillion. one hundred eleven billion. one hundred
eleven million. one hundred eleven thousand. one hundred eleven. ...
nikuko! nikuko! you're fisting me! you're fisting me! hi speed! hi speed!
111111111111111111111 one hundred eleven quintillion. one hundred eleven
quadrillion. one hundred eleven trillion. one hundred eleven billion. one
hundred eleven million. one hundred eleven thousand. one hundred eleven.
nikuko ... 1111111111111111111111 one sextillion. one hundred eleven
quintillion. one hundred eleven quadrillion. one hundred eleven trillion.
one hundred eleven billion. one hundred eleven million. one hundred eleven
thousand. one hundred eleven. ... jennifer ...


