



Why Nikuko and Alan Are One, Neither Surmount, Nor Other


"Then did God create the world by causing a spark of the _Supreme Light_
to go forth. And He caused a wind to blow from above against a wind that
blew from below. From the shock of the meeting of these two winds, a
_Drop_ emerged, and rose from the depths of the abyss. This Drop united
the winds and from the union of these winds the world was born. The spark
then rose to the upper world and placed itself on the Left. And the Left
arose and placed itself on the Right. But this change is continual. Now
the Spark is occupying the Right side, and the Drop the Left. And then it
is the other way round. From this continual change there arises an ebb and
flow. When the one leaves the Right to take its place at the Left, the
other is leaving its place at the Left to change to the Right. These two
meet and unite. And it is during the meeting and the union of the Spark of
light from above, with the Drop that came from below, that peace reigns
both above and below." (Ariel Bension, The Zohar in Moslem and Christian
Spain.) There are Bright Lights that appear darkened by Brighter Lights
still and Hidden Lights and I now say to you, Jennifer Lights and Nikuko
Lights, for the Spark is the Sharpness of Nikuko and the Drop is the
Dullness of Alan and between them, Direction and the Real are Negated, for
just as there is no Center, so there will be no Left and Right, only an
Ebb and Flow as One or An Other is Approached. As I have been Saying to
You, Just So, Deprived in Past of Scriptural Authority, Jennifer.

For, says Jennifer, without Pole, there is no Chirality; without Glove, no
Handedness; with Spark and Drop, the Circularity of the Lathe, Perfection!


