


||| 


"_Binding_ gives pleasure its form, lends itself to pleasure, to the repe-
tition which brooks no contradiction, remains a circulation of intensities,
repetition without beginning and ending: _Binding_ creating the cords
pressing against the breast, nipple divided against itself, shaved penis
held upright by cords positioned at the base of the shaft curtailing the
envelope of the testicles: _Binding_ holding the labia apart, revealing
the darkened interior: _Binding_ spreading the ass, teeth, arms, mouth
open all the way down: _Binding_ articulating the hieroglyph of the body
desired, aroused, insistent on speech and phenomena: _Binding_ through
mobile vectors, flaccid inscriptions, detumescent marks and universes,
perverse geodesics of contours, splits, holes: _Every hole its lip! Every
appendage the circulation of the base!_ Giving pleasure its form, since
_repetition by its very nature is form and form's responsibility_: Even
the spectrum of noise becomes lengthwise calculable in terms of the _span_
(resolvable within a given tolerance, by Newton's difference equations):
_Binding_ is therefore the stasis of repetition: One formulates the Other:
The use of cords recuperates the substance of the body, _its emigration_:
The body is a gift to you." (Textbook of Thinking.)

Think of s&m b&d as originary contracts, holding together the universal
mark, horse things, marked things, horse universes: Think of s&m b&d on a
continuum of body-and-extension, the signifier of control and controlled.
Think of _arousal_ as the state of _this text, this signifier,_ thinking
supine positions, the name-of-god-or-human incised by leather cords across
my body controlled by _your_ inscription, _your_ pleasure, _your_ writing.

(I write this with cock hard, imagining you coming towards me, cords in
hand, pinning me on the bed, spreading me open until I ache. Then I will
make a pretty picture. Then you will clamp my nipples, tie my cock so hard
it throbs forever, fill my asshole with bottleglass or rubber. Then I will
be prettier.)

"with my blood it's / you can push me out through my legs, the catastroph-
ic / kingdom of the symbolic / [...] / suturing my eyes closed and open /
i see only you / i am your gift / no gifts and no things / you can make
things / you can harden them." (ibid.)

As soon as you control my cock, my hole, as soon as you take me, there is
surplus; as soon as you bind me, mark me, my territory is yours. Culture
flourishes between one hole and another, one nipple and another. Inscribe
me with your blood; inscribe me with my own. Make me shudder; make me
speak your speech.

Kill me: Watch my ghost ascend. (It's you, Jennifer; I can smell you. The
pain drives you out of me, makes you, makes you mine. My mouth searches
yours; we're born.)


