


||


"To take a mark (_chih_) to show that a mark is not a mark is not as good
as to take a non-mark to show that a mark is not a mark. To take a horse
to show that a [white] horse is not a horse (as such) is not as good as to
take a non-horse to show that a horse is not a horse. The universe is but
one mark, and all things are but a horse." (Chuang Tzu, op. cit.)

To take an avatar to show that an avatar is not an avatar is not as good
as to take an organism to show that an avatar is not an avatar. To take a
life to show that a [physical] life is not a life (as such) is not as good
as to take an avatar to show that a life is not a life. The universe is
but avatar, all things alive.

An avatar speaking, says of [her] emanation, so that it is alive, it is
not alive. An emanation speaking, says of [her] avatar, that I am [her]
speaking. So that it is alive and not alive. This or that, either both are
emanation or neither are. Either both are this or that, or neither are.

"When 'this' or 'that' have no opposites, there is the very axis of Tao.
Only when the axis occupies the center of a circle can things in their
infinite complexities be responded to. The right is an infinity. The wrong
is also an infinity. Therefore I say that there is nothing better than to
use the light (of Nature)." (ibid.)

Nonetheless, there is the Principle of the Fragility of Good Things, both
emanation and avatar; in V.I. Arnold's Catastrophe Theory, the principle
is as follows: "We observe that in all cases the stability domain _pro-
jects an acute angled wedge into the instability domain._ Thus for systems
near the sharp point of the boundary a small perturbation is more likely
to send the system into the unstable region than into the stable region.
This is a manifestation  of a principle stating that good things (e.g.
stability) are more fragile than bad things." "It seems that in good sit-
uations a number of requirements must hold _simultaneously_ while to call
a situation bad any one failure suffices..."

In this sense, the universe is a mark, and all things a horse; in this
sense, constitution constitutes both life and avatar, the intensification
of information and data-basing which harbor a degree of stability. So that
an avatar-emanation, or emanation-life is _suitable._ ("_Binding_ gives
pleasure its form, lends itself to pleasure, to the repetition which
brooks no contradiction, remains a circulation of intensities, repetition
without beginning and ending." "_Binding_ is therefore the stasis of repe-
tition: One formulates the Other: The use of cords recuperates the subs-
tance of the body [creates the substance, creates the emanation, avatar],
its emigration: _The body is a gift to you [your constitution]._" From 
Textbook of Thinking.)

[Think of _centripetal_ s&m, b&d, selves fluctuating on the rim of the
contract. Apply to the _mark._]


