


Report on Not Taking a Weatherman


It doesn't take much to see the biochemical and nuclear demise of the
world as we know it; the crust will survive, some lifeforms. The human
cultural process might be nearing its end, strangled by those very wires
supposed to bring us all together. Virtual ghosts rise in the nodes;
routers are concerned with passing emissions that don't quite fit the
definition of packet. Sometimes the wires themselves end up coated with
ectoplasm, remnants of beings not-quite-us traversing the skein. I'd say
pull out, but the increasingly fine mesh or raster ensures that pullout's
impossible; even our local outer space isn't immune from ranked orders
skittering back and forth, taking ghostly emanations with them. Oddly-
shaped noctiluminescent clouds fill the sky; lavender-orange lightnings
dance with the usual strokes. The stars are certain to keep their counts
with everyone watching with wide-field telescopy. You have to be a sensi-
tive to hear the murmurs in the air, subterranean sounds emitted by a very
dangerous future far too close at hand. It's not only the viruses, the
small bombs, the landmines, the worthless currency - it's not even the
principles of the _thing_ which begins to darken ontology itself. It's
what's always surrounded us, what's always been invisible - it's the
plague of avatars, seminal disturbances - you can't quite figure them into
the equations, can you. It's not what the hacker did; it's what the hacker
didn't mean to do, and it's what the gun thought and the bomb pondered.
And it's not the hacker, nor the man with the trigger; it's the vapors in
the air, it's what the animals do, what the plants are thinking of doing.
When we are loose, we are very very loose, and when we are bad, we are
bad in deed. - from Julu, buried beneath the ground


