


Report


Cisco Systems advertises the worldwide economy, stating that every fourth
person on the Web is buying something right now; Cisco Systems has a stake
in those numbers signing up every second. IBM has a stake in a shrinking
world with technological solutions for everyone representing national
characteristics easily recognizable as other. Wired talks about the world
coming together presumably with good old boy American know-how and exper-
tise. Pipelines are beginning to flow with promises of the Next Big Thing
which turned out not to be push technology - so it wasn't quite time to
throw away your browser. Anger builds even among those who are franchised,
watching from the plateglass window. Net art engorges on itself; the poli-
tics of talk replaces the talk of politics. Caress the wires with bigger
seductions than old-fashioned pyramid schemes or other blunders; spam has
already caught on, delivering more and more personal messages tailored to
our vulnerabilities. Hacking has become both commonplace and preposterous
as political; while the altered symbol or webpage makes big news, nothing
happens except some league scores points for itself on IRC. Starvation and
homelessness are hardly virtual, and what really goes down those pipelines
are encrypted orders for nuclear fuel wallowing around the marshes of the
old USSR - don't doubt it for a second. The reordering of the world has
already begun, and won't be stopped by hackers or cultural works carving
out territories of speech, manifesto, and protest. Better pack your bags,
and I have just the website for you - order your luggage now. - Jennifer

