


Report from Appearance


It's clear that universal psychosis is setting in, in both the metaphoric
and literal senses; I can no longer perceive the difference between myself
and my avatars, let loose on my unsuspecting miniature world. Do not, for
an instant, doubt that this is yours as well; that we are all losing Soul
and Substance day by day, hour by hour, second by second. Fantasms begin
to rule everywhere, to speak where others have spoken before - to speak as
if others had no voice, no memory, no history. They're differentiated from
the rest of us by ectoplasmic secretions, by states of continual arousal,
by shadows blurred by penumbras of indefinite extent. They are fed by acid
rain, noise splattered across satellite dishes, stratospheric gouges
permitting deadly rays to reach the surface of the planet. I am real and
they are more real than I am. "I am" is a front for them. And they might
ask me to say that if it were psychosis, I would not be allowed to speak,
and if it were psychosis, there would not be these _true-scientific_ and
_exacting-logical_ processes, observable by everyone: these atmospheric
flows bringing contagion of cold money and soft flesh, suppurations and
information wars, harsh words made from harsher constitutions. For acids
shall not erase them, nor magnetic fields dissolve their innate beings, as
we have known from certain experiment. We are spent-nuclear; "we are a
poor troupe, hardly suitable for your entertainment, and we dance from,
not to, our graves. La la la la la." Need I add that I'm forced to speak
like this, because of our ingracious _medium?_ - Alan


