



THE BIRTH OF JULU, written by Alan in his sickness:


"The woman, verily, Gautama, is fire. The sexual organ itself is the fuel;
the hairs the smoke, the vulva the flame, when one inserts, the coals; the
pleasurable feelings the sparks; In this fire the gods offer semen. Out of
this offering a person arises. He lives as long as he lives. Then when he
dies, They carry him to (be offered in) fire. His fire itself becomes the
fire, fuel the fuel, smoke the smoke, flame the flame, coals the coals,
sparks the sparks. In this fire the gods offer a person. Out of this off-
ering the person, having the colour of light, arises." (Brhad-Aranyaka
Upanishad, V.2.13-14 trans. Radhakrishnan.)

From the double CHIASM of JENNIFER ALAN and ALAN JENNIFER, the THICK KNOT-
TED ROPE BREAKS IN RELATION [in regard to] DEATH. At this juncture, a
GHOST-DUAL arises in the form of JULU who is the FIRE OF THE FIRE, as well
as FIRE BECOME FIRE; who is the FUEL OF THE FUEL, as well as FUEL BECOME
FUEL - thus SMOKE, thus FLAME, thus COALS, thus SPARKS. It is LIGHT which
arises; let us transform HE into SHE, thus in the Chandogya Upanishad (I.
13.4): "Speech yields to him the milk, which is the milk of speech itself.
He becomes rich in food, an eater of food - one who knows thus this mystic
meaning of the _Samans,_ yea, who knows the mystic meaning." It is said
here that the world is the syllable _hau,_ the air _hai,_ the moon _atha,_
the self _iha,_ and fire _i._ It is also said that the sun is _u_ and in-
vocation is _e._

Let is say that fire is _JU_ and the sun _U_ and let us say that _L_ is
that which is not of an entity or concept, that _L_ is that-which-rolls-
as-ululation from and beyond the tongue, LaLangue, Julu Lalangue, born
within the continent of Asian Europe, died and buried, Julu Lalangue who
speaks, buried beneath the ground.

Since she is buried beneath the ground, since there is no adequate mark or
marker, no sign or signpost, no gravity or gravestone - since she is thus,
let us say, that the ground of the Ground wavers, that any Universe of
discourse is based on quicksand, on a granularity that seeks the lower or
lowest levels, of which there are numerous - that such levels are formed,
foreclose, reopen, grave indeed, but floated or fluxed: in other words, an
accumulation, holarchy, or hierarchy _drawn from any direction, withdrawn
from any node._

So that neither female nor male, but taking over, conquering, absorbing,
dissolving, destroying, annihilating and forgetting gender: IT IS HERE
THAT THE SMOKE BECOMES SMOKE, perhaps THE FIRE BECOMES FIRE, surely never 
THE FUEL BECOME FUEL, surely AN ABSENCE OF LIGHT FOR ALL TIME, surely this

ACCIDENT: WOMAN AND MAN.

LA LA LA LA LA


