


Formal Strategy of Text


So in order to construct a "sondheim-text" or "real/virtual" text, one
might proceed as follows, beginning with (real/virtual) entities A and B:
Given these constructs* (cultural or natural, defined or discovered, meta-
phoric or metonymic) with determined affinities belonging to a set S, con-
sider a second set C and D, with affinities in S'. Ordinarily, one might
have a situation in which S and S' are roughly equivalent, in relation to
some measure of fuzziness. But let there be foreign elements which are
members of S', and lapses in S corresponding to elements of S. Further,
note that we are also considering, roughly syntactically, two further
elements for both pairs (a total of four in all), that is A(B) and B(A),
as well as C(D) and D(C). These _chiasms_ then possess their own attribute
sets, call them T and T' and each of these have their subsets - for exam-
ple one has A(B) and B(A) both contributory towards T, such that they
possess a core or _rope_ R(A(B), B(A)) - the thickness of the chiasm or
reversal thus indicated. We can roughly identify R with T, and likewise R'
with T'. However, T' is broken, inexact, which is to say that the parallel
rope of the chiasm R'(C(D), D(C)) is in disarray, wandering, vagrant. It
is this turn which constitutes the strategy of avatars and duals loose or
perturbing within the interpenetrated component structures of computer-
mediated-communication; and it is this turn which then constitutes the
subject and object, strategy and wager, of the real/virtual texts involv-
ing multiple persons and avatars.
