


modified talker description (on entering .examine alan at the prompt)

.me porous, water flowing through the skin, clothing, i leave trails and
streamlets, you can find me. neurosis doubles the liquids; they're yours
as well, wet the ground, dissolve it. what is submerged, emerges, what has
been emerged, disappears (but there are ripples). or think intense, so
that the word becomes impetus, proffered and withdrawn; the word, too is
wet, slides elsewhere; my avatars float, drown me. then there's _sand,_ an
irreducible granularity i might associate with the asymbolic structure of
the world. that there is such, dull or inert, not a mother-structure or
protocol, but protocol suite. aware of limitation, community, bandwidth,
sex. then perhaps far too old, ancient/mind on the violation-fabric of
plasma or deadcold in the future. living alone in a name called new york,
writing, video and a few other species. i don't like my life and we all
hurt one way or another. there is always epiphany, i lecture, teach, mas-
turbate, dream, listening to shouts and tells, used to receiving logon
/logoff messages, highlight off, receiving banners and wonderful gifts and
accepting games. so the beeps are on, the monitor on. autoforward is on.
autoread is off, these lines ran over, wrapping off, and paging you and
me. (Alan) echo off; (Nikuko) echo on; (Jennifer) to be a future name,
.desc Jennifer in future tense. <Alan> in disguise; <Nikuko> unreachable;
<Jennifer> falls laughing to the floor. .echo the others don't exist. 
Alan screams shouts, tells, pages, whispers, sets up a banner! it says:
.examine Alan. it says: .me.

