




Dusts (lecture notes)


and disillusions, layers sloughing off: below, protocols, above: tempor-
ality: intermediary confluences, flows, meaning-generators:

cantor-dusts, decay of red-brick buildings, dissolution of inscriptions,
allergic reactions, electromagnetic emissions, sputtered packets across
protocols

favillas, colonias, shack cities, slacker cities, hacker sites, spewed
codes, dispersions and headless emissions, universal desiccations of all
living things

serrated edges, grated minerals, fractal dimensions and chaotic paths,
universal catastrophies, faultlines and faulted memories: universal radia-
tions, collocations of murmurs of universal organisms

no borders, no transgressions, nodes in seas of radios and televisions,
ghosts in telenovellas, emissions throughout, images and broken images,
the colloquia of truth and disinformations

sinters, powders, pulverizations, clutter losing memory, the absolute
annihilation of memory, pressures and the breaching of potential wells,
splintered protons, particle crashes, k-meson resurrected identities,
virtual particles and shadow-galaxies

splayed bodies and genders, dismemberments and cyborg claptrap wirings,
cyberspatial dimensions and seas, landmines, shrapnel, movements of rem-
nant populations, nomads, chemical warfares

ideological part-objects, sputterings, words rolling off the tongue, re-
lationship marketings, viruses and bacteria, transitional objects to
nowhere, skins and cancers, skin cancers and acid rains, damaged frogs,
damaged lives

dead-end theories, theory-machines, paraplegic bodies without organs,
surface skitterings, information overloads and spews, information implo-
sions and catatonias, information managements, managed communities, in-
formation all the way down

binarization of the world, error codes and encryptions, checksums and
prime searches, home-owner's associations and regional conflicts, bias and
hate crimes, digital eternities mutilated by legacy softwares and dead
tech, who do you trust

false random, pseudo-random, true random, death by nuclear or chemical
warfare, by plague or global warming or breakdown of the ozone layer,
ideological foreclosing, the last remaining woman or man, planetary ex-
tinctions, clearcut forestry, machine speedup to infinite regress, in-
crease in birth defects and retardations, all the land in the world

all the land in the world tending towards dust, towards the storms and
santa ana winds of dust, towards the harborings of dried muds and silts,
whole talus slopes of dust, accumulated accomplishments of humanity
rubbled against the base of cliffs and mesas, worn buttes and violated
tablelands

dust between your teeth, dust in the air, the newstory: dust, the theory:
dust, the television special: dust, the world-wide-web broadcast: dust,
the whisper among lovers: dust, the managed online communities: dust, our
bones: dust, our speech: dust, dust our destiny, radiations our truth


