


Chapman Art Crits


the best students in art are those who work without a clear idea given to
them by others, I am sure of that - nor do they use conceptual articula-
tion as a framework for inserting words and images - not that it's nec-
essarily intuitive, but that they have free reign within the superstruc-
ture, somewhat lateral movement, that they can be themselves - so again it
was working that way in the series of critiques I gave at Chapman seeing
in fact some amazing work - not what was given from without - but a kind
of stumbling - moving to the edges of the psyche - not self-expression or
identity work which passes for another kind of self-expression - something
darker, leaner - where an image begins to totter for the viewer - as if it
had escaped - then it begins to work, I saw the work being done - by the
artist on the viewer, I mean the image as transmission - images never do
any work - there's no work for images to do - it's more than a domain,
more than orientations - it's something that escapes into the air - some-
thing that corresponds with the circulation of the planet - all like that
- these photos I saw, they come forward from the back of the mind - can't
be placed - it's a case of fascination - so you think, well, if they let
her alone, they'll continue - they'll be more, intensified, grow apace -
if she doesn't get caught lengthwise - artschooling starts what then comes
from within, its institutionalization, as foreclose - to be avoided at all
cost - the cost is high - resonance disappearing, what one might entitle
'the lost' - meanwhile I have the gifts of these works...


