


Poverty


login: login: login: login: login: login: login: login: login: login: and
login: login: login: everything I own is from someone else's better times.
login: login: the phenomenology of poverty is the phenomenology of wear,
login: not so much _bricolage,_ making-do, as continuous repair, patching,
ultimately hiding one reality from another, transforming the real into a
login: virtual which can compete with someone else's real. it never ends;
it makes for dreaming suicide, dreaming patchwork for the very last time.

my laptops are 486/25s which can only run netscape 1.0; my desktop is a
patchwork bringing it to a pentium 100 with 16 megs of ram. there are
login: login: login: login: login: login: login: three worn hard drives
login: @@quit@read making a gig or so. the monitor keeps flashing out on
Password: me, won't run properly for more than a few minutes. my camcorder
Login incorrect - which is an integral part of my work - is broken, need-
ing about $200 in repairs. I have a lump in my throat, my clothes are get- 
ting threadbare, my glasses need replacing, teeth need work, the loft 
^] needs a new outer wall, windows need replacing, and some of this will
telnet> close get fixed and some of this won't and it gets tiring. and
I'm still in better shape than a lot of other people here, much better
shape than my neighbors. and I would put a knife into the culture and
steal and run away fast but I couldn't get away with it. and I'd print my
own damn work in fancy editions and give it all to you for free. and I'd
save the world, salvage the poor, live forever, run naked in the streets,
sex till I drop, get clean new clothes and a hot machine, make money fast
Connection closed.
{k:8}:


