


Bloody Birthing-Jennifer


The doctor or pathologist is confronted with jennifer giving birth too.
This is all of being-distraught; this is all there is, this inflation of a
small section of lung tissue and placing it in alan's rib cage, torn alan,
with alan running out, blooded, from jennifer with some special alan-ava-
tar, deflation of jennifer-bloody-corpse giving birth, alan turned - and
everyone knows he is. For many years a great deal of reliance has torn him
apart, opened like the living wound it is in a pan of water. Floating has
been placed upon the _hydrostatic lung test._ This was performed by taking
bloody jennifer screaming on the floor, and sinking was accepted as
breathing poorly and dying with lungs which will sink into the alan-
corpse. Jennifer cradles tiny-alan in her hands; she @digs the question is
extremely difficult to determine. alan cries and wails, bloodless. alan is
a coward distraught, jennifer-medea taking air into the lungs. _It is
dangerous to ever breathe?_ The answer to this question disquiets jenni-
fer, who has evidence that the child had never taken jennifer into him,
jennifer badly with no faith whatever in this text, the text of alan
written by jennifer in the jennifer-blood. For jennifer may breathe well
for several hours and then place any faith whatever in this test._ It is
more dangerous to place any problems in examining the dead bodies of
infants or new-born avatars or regarded as evidence that the child had
breathed life into him through the ruins of @creates. One of the most
common is the question _has the baby opened towards the ripped lung-cage,
alan turned-out, into the filthy street's eagerly waiting arms. When
tiny-baby dies, forensics swarm like avatars across the battered corpse.


