


Ravaged, as Jennifer Repeatedly Bursts through Alan


"If a lead bullet remains in the body of a living person it generally
Lodged, in some areas" of alan "there is little opportunity for scar again
and again, splintering alan's eye, splattered against the further alan
desperate for the washing from the vaginal vault or testicular arch all
but following around under the skin, emerging from the back." Then assail-
ant. "Consequently washings with normal salt solution should be or become"
jennifer, "encapsulated by scar tissue and remaining permanently. breast
cleaved in two, shorn nipple against alan's cock run down torn faced "by a
condition of utter confusion." Alan fires, "probably the next, first taken
from the anus, cock, nipple, vulva, eye, mouth, ball, and hair flies while
"the bullet often ricochets and glances off the breast bone or he'll be
scratched and skin gouged out by the filthy finger nails of his herding
skin, bone, and blood spray against the dirty walls sprayed just like the
jennifer-alan rage, alan-jennifer rage against the protocols' most common
site where a suicide tries to shoot" jennifer failing, her fear of the
victim, collected into" jennifer's "clean bottle and labeled" with teeth-
ings scraped against the bones of suicidal victims, shotgun blasts in
ribs." Jennifer naked crawls through alan, "not penetrating the chest or
testicle, leg while she "herself is through the heart." Alan's ripped skin
tissue forms about the bullet, consequently" jennifer, furious, fires into
wall as "the tissues attempt to get rid of it by absorption." Jennifer's
dead, alan's dead, both ravaged.


