


No Tone
Not One


Last night with a tiny audience someone asked me at Huntington Beach why
my work is so negative, the writings of Julu and Jennifer in particular,
and I started by reading a piece Jennifer wrote about her death and then
something Julu wrote beneath the ground about being alive and wanting to
be saved and I said how very romantic but yes he said it is quite so
morose and depressing and I said the Net is not one big happy family but
is invaded by capital and scams and racisms and sexisms of all sorts and
corporate greed, yet these characters hold on with their love stories and
romances and languorous speaking on the Talkers and MOOs and surely that
must account for something and I gather it didn't count for very much by
him, but I got to thinking, maybe he's right, maybe there are happy
endings - just that I haven't had any myself doesn't mean that they don't
exist, so please write in and give me happy endings and we'll all be
pleased...

Then of course there is the wonder whether or not my own situation such as
it is has always been the condition for my thinking, beyond the armature
for thought but invading the very content of the thought itself, that is,
whenI am working on things external; Julu and Jennifer get in too close,
and appear to participate in say my depressive loneliness such as it is at
times - and then what about their pronouncements, say, on s/ms or other
constructs? And it's these constructs that I've had to put aside while I
am _here_ talking about... as if it were these very constructs, the dark
night of the monitor screen against the bright California sun...

Tonight I _do_ radio and I will try and be very on-air happy.


