


Breathing Air Into


So tonight I'm on the air and reading myself into the darkness, more in-
flationary scenarios of avatars and we're deconstructing 'cyborg' and I
say I see a field of intersecting organisms, languages, technologies,
chemistries, and _that_ constitutes the future, not 'human/machine pros-
theses,' but more integrated fieldings. And I find a way to read machine
code, the <blink> </blink> of html that makes sense on air, and then I
begin thinking about the traditional quality of some of the Jennifer/Julu
writing, and how that reflects rhythm and rhyme which return the texts to
the body, no matter how atavistic the texts appear - because when rhyme's
there, it's always possible to hold the breath until the return of it - as
if the field were aural, not the open field of the page as say in projec-
tive verse. And then I further begin thinking that all my work is about
the recovery of the body, the lost body, be it maternal, or inhabiting, or
Groundwork - all of which is culturally problematic and elsewise incon-
ceivable. But this body is there, suffused, looming in the background, and
the backdrop for the invasion of s/ms - particulations. So that the rhyme
and the reason of the poetry is the breathing, the externalization of the
interior of the body carrying the symbolic along with it - so that the
body is a portent, and even the most difficult and obtuse works are read-
able and thereby livable, in the realm of as-if, as-if there were a body
and suffusion, as if there were desire and its fulfillment...

so the body is recovered in fullness, but totality remains behind - so the
language splits and splays, but there's always the voice, and the return
to the maternal _sense_ at the end of the _sen_ _tense._


