==


Asleep at the Wheel


As an alternative (says no one), consider an enormous cave with protru-
sions, largely convex, almost ellipsoidal, there are flashes of electron
interactions, there are spheres that protrude as well... one might notice
the wires, inordinately thin, hair-like, interfaces, located within or
without the cavern - this only matters from the viewpoints of topography
and epistemology. They're carriers; the swarms imitate bodies or portions
of bodies or extrusions from bodies, part-objects or emissions related to
communication. The "from" and the "to" are defined elsewhere, outside. One
finds a consciousness roaming at will, cognizant of the phenomenology, the
geography, the geomatics underlying what might be considered a site, were
it not a model of worlding. For the topography continually morphs, connec-
tions are made and broken. Think of threshold logics, gateways constantly
making and breaking connections, variable thresholds based on feedback and
feedforward mutating flows. Think of parallel fluxes, wires illuminated,
one might be after the other, wires burned into temporary substrates,
couplings and linkages ignoring organic, metallic, or glassy compounds -
the s/ms flood (says no one) in the manner of the speaking of avatars, the
coherencies of the body and its totalities, consensualities among internal
and external communicative domains. Pulsing with bloods, red-brown fluids,
membranes, flows, micro-connectors. Apply quantum logic here (non-distri-
butive gestural structures): What forms emerge, visible as temporary tur-
bulent structures? Give the stases names: If the space is Alan, think
Jennifer. Place her back within the ellipsoid (says no one); harbor her
there. It's nothing of the energy, everything of superimposition. Let her
rest. Let the rest of her rest.


