==


starting the thing (says no one)


on the wall of the cave you might, if you were an interpreter, see grids
of 0s and 1s. you might find them rectangular, you might find more 0s
than one, 1s like nuclei floating in vacuo, you might find flickered 1s
where 0s used to be. you might see repetitions and growths, you might find
the rudiments of cellular automata, you might find circulations, repairs.

you press your eyes, you press god into your eyes, you see god, you see
patterns and geometries. sometimes you open them, and there is delay-
decay, and through delay-decay you see all colors upside-down. you see the
origin of the world in your mind, the mind that is your origin as inter-
preter. you are inside the cave, factory-womb, you press your eyes.

through delay-decay you look with wide eyes at the grid, flicking 1s and
0s, and you see things. what you see you can tell, what you can tell is
what you see, but you will see things off and peripheral, distortions,
corrections and checksums, and you want to see things badly. you tell the
same desire which is your name for wanting to see things badly.

delay-decay, but they are there, what you are seeing, which is your tell-
ing in many other ways, as if there were other caves, caves reflecting and
projecting caves, caves of pulsion and inconceivable affect, caves of in-
flationary worlds. you are knowing them and telling them jennifer and ava-
tar, and your telling is your naming, naming and telling are one.

you will know that there are externals, as thick bundles of thin wires
course energy and disappear into the darkness, and you will know too that
within the darkness, naming and telling are separated although always
connected, always in relation. it is there, you will think, that jennifer
begins tell you things. but she has already started, and she is here.


