


So tell me


Tell me what you look like. So what do you look like. How does the skin
stretch across your bones. How do the bones curl. How do the lips hang
flesh from the ridges of the skull, cheeks raised or lowered hung from
arches. Where do your shoulders slope to the ground, muscles holding up
arms. Where do they join the neck. Where does the musk smell of your
breasts. What beneath them hidden in shadow. What planes of abdomen and
belly. What stomach shunts down. Tell me the secret of your cock, loose
balls, labia, cunt. What the scents are. From what distance. Thighs and
thick cordons of legs. Spindle-legs, knees swollen with weight, flown up
with anorexia. Tell me your eyes shuddered to a halt. To the weakness of
the lens, our hearing gone. Tell me the body pitching forward, the planet
rolling towards what hair. What long hair, what cut, short or hung. Tell
me what it feels like to lie with you. What protrusions. The cut of bone.
Those moments where the skin stops. Where the skin joins hidden lakes
inside. The slope and length of your clitoris. Your toes, navel, their
moisture. The shape of your nails on my back. What you look like from your
back, coming toward me. How your neck turns your head in my direction. The
scents of your ass, creases and folds around your hole. Thrust and energy
of your spine. Shoulder-blades cutting air. Heat arising like a sheathe.
The cut of your mouth. Your teeth sinking into me. So what do you look
like. How you sound. How your breathing sounds. So is that you. What is it
you want to know.


