


no victims of the future holocaust


it's always there, a cancer eating away at the texts, the heat-death cold-
death of the universe, sliced in time, collapsed. and others i have talked
with have felt the same. no matter the enormous time involved, earlier
collapse of human consciousness, the species, planet, solar nova. it is
there and present, an annihilation to the outermost limits, viral attack
on unhinged consciousness, bad faith. for what one does, what one tells,
and let us agree to forget naming, there will be no recording, no survival
of recording, no rendering of inscription, signifiers, demarcations. so
that expansion or decay, or frozen radiation. this the hinge of unhinging,
the brief space to state the case of the world, brief time to absorb it.
and others as well have felt the same. one cannot speak in fact of anni-
hilation (bad faith) when there is nought to annihilate, no leverage, no
mirror or node at the heart of the world. i think of yad vashem, hand and
name, an institution attempting to record those who died in the holocaust.
i think we are living in the holocaust. i really do. others, too, think
thus. such would be the case before the heat-death cold-death, mirrors of
the real, premonition humans carrying out what horrors of what (bad and)
violent faith. knowing every word or kenning, engraved in stone or magne-
tic domain, is fated to disappear. as if there were the presence of the
telling or the name of an emanation disappearing, which references the
future anterior of a recording, looking back with sorrow. none such, of
course, and nothing forgotten. many others have said they feel that way.
the world has never had the capacity to remember. one learns this in the
act of dying. we are all dying. we are all already dead. many feel the
same.


