

From WXTR, 7:46 AM:


How can you offer so much at such a low price. We have on our staff engin-
eers to build reliable systems with maximum performance. What do you mean
when you say I'll never have to buy another computer. Well this computer
is totally upgradable. You have a competely flexible frame and can add or
subtract components at will. I bet you wish you could do this with your
body. There are so many features to consider. The motherboard is complete-
ly modular so anything can be added or subtracted. It will easily adapt
itself to the new quantum logic matrices and cooling systems coming in
2001. Everything plugs into everything else. There are so many ports! You
can do just about anything with this. This is really incredible. And it
comes with a monitor with is upgradable as well; the new holographic dis-
plays or walkabouts will be ready shortly. You can trade in on one of
these? Yes, by 2000, you'll be able to walk into your own Internet. Think
of it! Information for the first time, literally at your fingertips, no
matter where they are! It's amazing! You can walk into your Web page, for
example, flow seamlessly through each and every link. For now, the seven-
teen inch monitor gives you state of the art access to videos so real you
won't believe your eyes! This is the best computer system for the value,
anywhere in the universe! For your family, your workplace, your online
chats! Think of it! You will be able to live on the Internet without fear
of environmental degradation - either to you or your loved ones! And there
will be no pollution, no tossing of older equipment; instead, you'll get
new upgrades periodically for our low low price! Easy payments available!
Call <number deleted>.


