
 


carol androsky and


avatars, continued, well because it's all created by the movies, in high-
school i had a crush on this girl carol androsky, so i heard she was in
little big man, the sister, but i never saw it and now i've got the tv on
and there she is, intense and so direct, so the first time i read at be-
yond baroque, well i hadn't heard from her for years, so she came to the
reading of a sudden, she called and i heard she was coming, and we are
both now in our 50s and there she is and the sky creates a subtle crack,
she is already sounding tired, retired, of a quietude, i don't know her
feelings but here the sadness that i've still got daily, i suppose might
have manifest, but i would never be sure, but we took a walk but she
didn't stay when i opened my mouth and spoke words, saying things just
like that in front of everyone, if i get that loss of energy, kill me,
maybe she was pretending for my sake, i disappoint everyone, in the film
she just rode away in a wagon and that's the last of it, it's a group of
frames, the color already slightly turned, carol if you're still out there
write me, she wasn't on line even then, sometimes i'd dream of her when i
wasn't dreaming of margaret hall, but margaret never made it to the screen
and carol returns over and over again, some people here still talk about
it late into the night, i don't know, other than my parents, i don't know
anyone here at all, so this just shows, how sentiment rule the day, it
would have to grow in length, like a snake or bamboo, like a tree or thing
that grows, when it's ten feet long, you'd understand, that beneath pathos
there's always pathos, and beneath those pathos, even taking it all apart,
there's nothing that escapes the angel of death, i'm watching the film,
carol hasn't returned, she's tall, thin, still is, with an uncanny aura
about her, i've never been able to pin it down, i've never understood it,
not in highschool, my heart would be beating, everyone could hear it, i'm
sure of that, carol never said anything, i was forgettable, i ate myself
out, i turned myself out, i turned myself in, at beyond baroque i wanted
to get to know her again, she was like a ghost, she spoke softly, slipped
in and out, like a transparent gif or a webpage already abandoned, like an
old film with the color disappearing, she left a trail there, i'm sure she
was in the desert, somewhere around los angeles maybe, for the filming,
some of it looks like the sierras, where did they fly her, carol could
still get in touch, she won't, i never touched her, not fingertip to fing-
ertip, i was a virgin, i yearned to the breaking point, the yearning
curled like a snake in me, like a ten foot snake, i'm fairly short, it
broke through the skin, scene after scene, she's never there, i could
change the channel, i don't, i just keep hoping, she'll come on again,
she'll disappear again, i could cry over this, i cry easily, i'll write
javascript, i'll make a carol description, search the web, i have her
phone number, i'm afraid to call her, the film will disappear before the
world comes to an end, before humans and their cities grow silent and
charred, she'll be gone, i'm already ahead of her, the night's cold,
there's snow on the ground, there are hostile and friendly tribes in the
hills, it's all brittle, like a crystal, like the look in carol's eyes,
i'll save the image, cut the screen out, i'll put the screen in my heart,
i'll put a carol-function on the web, the web is my heart, someday before
i die, that day will be soon, i'll see the film again, i'll make the film
again, i directed little big man, i walked with carol in the wilderness, i
spoke to carol in the wilderness, i'll see her in the tunnel, i'll be with
her in the tunnel, her color will be perfect, she's speak like i speak,
walk like i walk, she'll come into beyond baroque, just as i'm about to
start the reading, just as i'm about to start the screening, she'll sit
down with me and see what i've done, she'll love me for it and her heart
will beat so loud loud loud loud loud, her heart will beat so loud


