


The Newer Paradigm


which is emerging, that boundaries are permeable, that what were origi-
nally taken for discrete Aristotelian entities, then later redefined in
terms of nearly decomposable hierarchies, are now seen as ontologically
merged. Within the brain, hardware and software merge; within taxonomy,
species merge and cross, become problematic; within the Net, scripts and
languages cross-reference and interpenetrate; within the cognitive and the
physiological, interior and exterior are not only porous, but fluid and
fuzzy intensities rather than boundaries. Within my work, internal and
external psychologies and programmings are continuities; dreams may have
any number of locations. To speak or write no longer means to speak or
write _from a site,_ or with _the proper citation._ It is not the 'death
of the author,' but the multiplicity of writings and wrytings as dispersed
persona and bodies spread across oral traditions, across the Net, across
molecular membranes, through quantum experimentations vis-a-vis Bell's
theorem.

I want to write the phenomenologies of borderlinings, crossings where
there are no boundaries, where imaginaries coagulate; I want to write the
future theories of the future others. (I am not writing the theory of the
fluid, which has no ontological crossings and exists within banks, however
morphing; I am writing the theory of the viscous flux, where inertial
moments appear as if they were ontologically distinct. This is the future
of the (neuro)biological sciences, of the wearable computer, of worldings
and multiplicites of selves - not a fluid mechanics, but a mechanics of
flux.) The Net is a site for such work, as long as it is coupled and
linked with the s/ms of everyday life; the very discomfort of my work
creates the conditions of the laboratory.


(See the works of Alphonso Lingis and Merlin Donald; Ira Black, Informa-
tion in the Brain, A Molecular Perspective; Vicki Kirby, Telling Flesh,
The Substance of the Corporeal; Charles Bernstein (ed.), Close Listening,
Poetry and the Performed Word; works on ecological taxonomy; work on
quantum memory and quantum superimposition; the writings of Heinz von
Foerster; and on and on...)


