


//\\//\\//\\//\\


"Kernberg established the line between neurotic and borderline conditions
by contrasting the defense of splitting - characteristic of borderline
personality organization - with the more advanced defense of repression,
indicative of neurotic functioning; he distinguished borderlines from
psychotics by the capacity of the former to test reality. Under borderline
personality organization he included all the clinical manifestations of
severe character pathology, that is, the antisocial personalities, the
self-mutilation, the severe addicts, the polymorphous perverts, the 'as-
if' and the prepsychotic characters (schizoid, paranoid, cyclothymic), and
so forth." (Kouretas, The Development of the Concept of the "Borderline"
in Psychoanalytic Diagonosis and Treatment" in Gurewich and Tort, The
Subject and the Self, Lacan and American Psychoanalysis.) 

Borderlining is within itself a confluence of states and processes, not a
crossing from one to another, division as in classical logic, between x
and not-x. Nor is it referencing interpenetrations or flux, so much as the
problematizing of the states and statehoods on both sides of the river, as
if water were territory, and territory, water. This is the borderlining
we're saying, the borderlining of coupling and linkage, the borderlining
of telling and not naming. There are differences here but there are also
the suffusions of differences and their problematizing; we're speaking
about paste _in other words._ (Or the mirroring, or paste on the mirror-
ing, or the mirroring-displacement, and they might also think through
shattered or warped or doubled mirrorings, or mirroring-transformations or
fractal mirrorings.)

Borderlininging ising withining itselfing aing confluenceing ofing states-
ing anding processes,ing noting a crossinging froming oneing toing anoth-
er,ing divisioning asing ining classicaling logic,ing betweening x anding
not-x.ing Noring ising iting referencinging interpenetrationsing oring
flux,ing soing muching asing the problematizinging ofing theing statesing
anding statehoodsing oning bothing sidesing ofing theing river,ing as
ifing watering wereing territory,ing anding territory,ing water.ing This-
ing ising theing borderlining we'reing saying,ing theing borderlininging
ofing couplinging anding linkage,ing theing borderlininging of tellinging
anding noting naming.ing Thereing areing differencesing hereing buting
thereing areing alsoing the suffusionsing ofing differencesing anding
theiring problematizing;ing we'reing speakinging about pasteing _ining
othering words._ing (Oring theing mirroring,ing oring pasteing oning
theing mirroring,ing or theing mirroring-displacement,ing anding theying
mighting alsoing thinking throughing shattereding or warpeding oring
doubleding mirrorings,ing oring mirroring-transformationsing oring fractal
mirrorings.)


