


The Orders of Dogs and Cats / The Two Mythological Orders


Cats recognize environment, tune environment; the slightest displacement
(affine or other construct) results in disharmony. The human is a func-
tion. The injured owner provides food; harmony is established. The world,
Confucian. But the cat travels distances across this world that it ab-
jures.

Dogs recognize humans, signals, always ready to move. The earth shifts in
relation to the social. The injured owner is a cause for concern in-it-
self. The world, Zen. But the dog is tied to this world.

The cat waits in its environment. The dog shifts uneasily. Both are cur-
ious, the cat according to the odor transforming place, and the dog accor-
ding to odor transforming the social. The dog defends the social, Get him!
The cat defines the environment, I'm here!

Cats divide environment temporally as well as spatially; hunting is in
space-time.  Dogs divide environment socially and spatially. The cat, be-
cause of the particulation of time, inhabits time through timelessness.
The dog, because of sociality, inhabits time through immediacy. Cats and
dogs never see one another. 

The dog is an irruption of feline environment; the cat, an opportunity for
the canine socius. The cat is existential; the dog, a phenomenologist. If
the cat is modern, the dog is always already postmodern.

These two orders, stereotypes or caricatures of mythological creatures,
have always inhabited the earth. The pet is a signifier of worlding; each
order tells less than half the story, and both together hardly complete a
cosmos. Humans hunger for felinity and caninity; carefully, they watch the
tamed wilderness in their midst - a guarantee of this world, and of the
worlds to come.


