



Or or  or    or        or                or


Jennifer establishes an inverse relationship, x = 1/t which can also be
written xt = 1, ecstasy nuzzling itself, holding true to the one self, as
in x == the real, and t == the virtual, where the real is the real minus
the virtual, and the virtual is the virtual minus the real. So then we
have dual equations, x(x - t) = 1 and t(t - x) = 1 or x^2 - xt = 1 and t^2
- tx = 1. This results in x^2 - xt = t^2 - tx or x^2 = t^2. The solution
of the last is x = t or x = -t and likewise, t = x or t = -x, the minus
sign indicative, not of absence, but of an imaginary which is no way rela-
ted to imaginary numbers, but to those ghosts or otherwise vestiges of
ectoplasm that always already imply absence. So, Jennifer goes on to say,
that the greater number of people in the real, the lesser in the virtual,
or the greater number in the virtual, the lesser in the real. But then,
Julu interposed, how does this square, ^2, with the real, the negative of
the virtual, and the virtual, the negative of the real. It doesn't, Jenni-
fer replied, which is precisely where the imaginary comes into play. Only
note the diffusion among the varied spheres in the heavens and earths we
play among, note further the greater the real, the more I fade into non-
sense and in consequence - and likewise, the more the real appears like a
dream or memory that has already taken place in the very imminence of its
presence, the greater I become, suffused from Alan turning virtual upon
his divan. We will wonder and wander, said Julu, venturing in turn upon
the mathematical term, and Alan will wander and wonder, or perhaps wonder
and wander as well. What about other equations, said Nikuko lazily. Well,
there are the concatenations, said Jennifer, couplings and linkages, which
are next to useless, almost like grains of sand, and that's their signifi-
cance. So there are _two principles_ at work - that of the _inverse rela-
tionship_ which necessitates a clearance or site for appearances, of
dreams and emanations and reals and virtuals and grains of sand and eide-
tic imaginaries - and that of the _concatenation_ which recognizes only
contiguities and contingencies; both cross each other in the form of a
_chiasm._ How so, said Nikuko, now interested. One might speak of concat-
enated inversions for example, chains of communities and behaviors
throughout the day, replied Jennifer, just as much as one might speak of
inverse concatenations or _absorptions_ which tend towards appearances of
unity or absolutes or glues for that matter. On one hand, then, Julu said,
you would have _pasted inversions_ as if the viscous controlled everyday
life, and on the other, you might find _pasted concatenations,_ somehow
woven as if inescapably tied, beyond linkage, with a sort of slime holding
them together. Exactly, said Jennifer, and the slime parallels Sartre's
nausea - in fact you'd find paste and slime all over both orders, the real
and the virtual, the linkage and the coupling, the inversion and the con-
catenation, the division and the negative sign - you could call the paste
and slime history, you could call it the style of the world, you could
call it presence and relevance - whatever you call it, it's the moment and
the movement of the worlding of the subject, or the worldings emanating
subjects, or or  or    or        or                or


