


Sketches


You asshole, Nikuko, you can't tell a flame from a forest on fire. Julu,
you're the worst idiot I've ever met; go back to grade school. Alan, your
mind's worse than a junk bond, you fucking creep. Alan, your parents must
have thrown up when you were born. Jennifer, get off the fucking Net and
let the real men do the talking. Julu, we shoulda let world war two take
care of you. You fucking jerk, Nikuko, don't you ever read the FAQ? I've
seen worse haircuts on a child molester, Jennifer. Alan, it's clear you've
got no balls to face the facts. Nikuko, someday your real father will rise
and pour hot lead up your ass and then cut your eyes out. Jennifer, you
couldn't fuck a moron if its pants were down. Alan, what you know about
the Net could be put up your ass. You're psychotic, Jennifer, you belong
in a loony bin. Stop shittin me, Julu, you mean you actually reached the
first grade. My fist, your mouth, Alan.

Have you ever eaten a junk bond, Nikuko? Alan, could you stoke your fire
somewhere else with Julu's eyes? Jennifer, you probably never read the FAQ
on Jennifer. Jennifer, are you a bot? Julu, you have the intelligence of
someone else's escargot. Nikuko, what comes out my ass is better than your
lunch. Alan, if a chimney fell on you, it wouldn't even make a sound.
Alan, I'm sick of your name, Alan. Jennifer, what comes out your ass is
worst than my breakfast. So help me God, Julu. Duh, Nikuko, what did you
say your name was?

Nikuko, you'd make a lousy Jennifer, and she's already a lousy Nikuko.
Alan, you're even a lousy Alan, Alan. Julu's the worst four-letter word
there is. Jennifer, you're a was-wolf. Julu, you don't even know what a
was-wolf is, werewolf with bad grammar. Nikuko, you're a doofus. Alan,
you're a goofus. Julu, you're a stoofus. Jennifer, bad bad Nikuko.


