


The Wasted Plot


In my Pushkin anthology (Penguin, trans. Fennell, 1964, the following poem
(prose translation of course) which seems to deconstruct a certain horizon
while recuperating another -


"A deaf man summoned a deaf man to be judged by a deaf judge. The deaf man
shouted: 'My cow has been stolen by him!' 'Indeed!' yelled the deaf man in
reply. 'Why, my late grandfather already owned that waste plot.' The judge
decided: 'So that there should be no impropriety, make the young man marry
her, although the girl's to blame.'"

Now it is unclear _what is being translated_; for example are there phon-
emic parallels between the first two statements, and others between the
last two (forgetting the exclamation "'Indeed!'"). [I just realized I
managed 5 or 7 (if you count the blank space) punctuation marks in a row
there.] Only by resuscitating the original might one discover _the degree
of deafness_ implied. Is there an absolute rupture between a/b and b/c, or
one that slides, almost metonymically, across? Does this carry a into c,
or does b possess a bifurcation which remains irretrievable in the divide?

Perhaps there is no relation, just as there isn't in english; then one can
suppose an eddying of nonsense, hung on deafness as an explanation. Non-
sense has its own territorialities, its own internal logics, as Jung, Car-
roll, Deleuze, Guattari, have ascertained. One might, for example, examine
the sequence of statements in relation to _fecundity._

But there is a third, and perhaps most likely explanation, as well: That
in fact the cow has been stolen from the waste plot by the young man,
who was jilted by the girl; still in love, the girl, pregnant, has had a
change of heart and will accept him, cow and all, while he remain reluc-
tant. Still, we understand what occurs within his heart, and the two will
be united forever.


