



Split and Bandage

Just as playing my repaired shakuhachi led to the loosening of the banda-
ges around my teeth, and their eventual expulsion, so does the expulsion
and binding of the signifer lead to a loosening of the imaginary. Just as
the splits in the bamboo of the shakuhachi head led to six bands holding
the instrument tight together, so does the potential well of the stability
of the signifier exist in in contradistinction to the chaotic wavering of
the mind, holding its own in relation to the real. Just as the dream is a
binding of such chaos, so is culture always already a binding, holding the
object within a nonequilibrium dynamics, that, similar to space-time in
relation to gravitation, defines the object. Just as the subject, so as
the object; just as the object, so as the subject. Just as space-time, so
the bindings of the territorializations of musical structures, and just as
music, so the construct of beings in relation to Being. Just as playing is
Being, so are beings subject and object, and just as subject and object
are superimpositions, so are bindings the immanence of the loosening of
inscription. Just as the splitting of the bamboo shakuhachi, so too the
coagulation and dispersion of the object. Just as the inscribing, so as
the telling, and just as the telling, so as the naming. Just as the note
which appears through the playing of the bound shakuhachi, so as the tenor
or note of this text, appearing through the binding of metaphor and Being,
inscribed through beings, always of signifiers, always holding the crack
of the real against itself, oneself, the other.


