



STUPID THING NO PROGRESS NO NO

(BAD STUPID THING) 
After all is said (because I can't say any more) and done (because I can't
do any more), the truth of the matter comes to the foreground - that there
is no progression in my work, that theory has remained stillborn, that
concepts are formed (s/ms, ascii unconscious, language dispersion theory),
only to be abandoned - that Honey and Travis played with Ballard, that
Jennifer and Julu played with Lingis and Heidegger, that Nikuko played
with Trinh and Spivak - that they discarded the games, contributed nothing
and no thing - that neologisms such as 'defuge' or 'wryting' have had lim-
ited usage, sloshing around in the puddles of my work, and constellations
such as 'list aura' would have been discovered anyway - that I've turned
inward far too often as an excuse for sloppy research, as if filth could
somehow replace hard research - that I've raised sexuality to such a high
and over-determined degree of explanation that the scaffolding falls apart
\\/\\\//\\\//\\\/\\/THIS IS THE HUMP OF THE PARAGRAPH/\\\/\\/\\\/\/\\\//\/
- but above all, as I said at the beginning - that there is no progression
- that sexuality raises itself, fucking, collapsing in repeated penetra-
tions - that filth is filthy, washing away clarity - that 'list aura' sim-
ply moves from fleshmeet to fleshmeat, 'wryting' only goes so far extend-
ing emanations out of the suppurating flesh of my own body - that 'defuge'
evinces itself precisely in these moments of curlicue, returning back
again, recutting through decathection and exhaustion the same worn-out
paths - that Nikuko, Julu, and Jennifer scream through voices of others,
in order that their own might be heard - at which point they move through
a world of gaps and omissions, dismemberments and psychoses - that Honey
and Travis lie discarded at the bottom of a ditch, their legs spread,
sprays of signifiers, spews and emissions burying both of them in so much
virtual concrete - that languages themselves are dispersed, that these
texts no longer "work, that s/ms always return to sado-masochisms and the
repetition of useless theatricality - that theory is never thought through
sufficiently - that it's as if I would begin over and over again, because
there's been no progress at all, not even now - everything ventured, noth-
ing gained - 
(BAD STUPID THING)


