


On Narrative


Narrative appears, out of resentment, something which calls for impossi-
ble closure. What a revelation! So death for example leads to one or ano-
ther mythos, scripturally endless exegesis - but also jealousy, feelings
of powerlessness. Narrative is pulled out by the teeth; otherwise, one
moves along, as if the world were whole, languaging unnecessary. In other
words - a goal appears only when there is a gap in relation to the phen-
omenological horizon of the subject. The gap is a result of scarcity eco-
nomics (not of surplus - Sartre here, not Bataille); the goal sutures the
gap and sutures the subject. 

The gap has to appear formidable, unapproachable - as if it were structur-
al in relation to the psyche. Narrative provides a detour or bypass. One
might say that narrative has been dragged out of the gap, that language
itself developed in such a manner. Poetry then is the empathetic magic of
the sign, which is why it continues to perturb us.

When I am at a loss, with job, romance, death, money (in other words, most
of the time), I make narrative. "If only I'd done this, said that, acted
this way or that way," I'll say to myself, choosing one or another phrase
within that sentence, building on it, nurturing it, until it becomes full-
blown with voices, actions, fears and retributions. When I'm satisfied or
happy, however, I will imagine states, not actions; language loosens its
bindings and the body might be better described within and by the real.
The detour, detournement, bypass is no longer necessary. Which is not to
say I don't daydream, but the energetics are different, not so much of a
compulsion. The narrative of and through the gap is an addictive one,
primeval, drawn out of the compulsion to speak the spell or rite that will
set everything _coherent_ in a primordial world. No wonder 'spell' has a
double meaning, one grounded in language, and the other, in the manipula-
tion of the real according to the actant of the _wish._


