


Shut up.

"My originality consists of this, that E have invented the letters, and
subsequently ordered them, assigning them all reasonable positions, those
New mail for sondheim@panix3.panix.com has arrived:ations, beyond what
----t be considered those necessary for our physical existence, of which
Date: Thu, 21 Jan 1999 03:47:07 -0500 (EST) the Wittgensteinian Eye, thus
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>s or collocation of phonemes,
To: sondheim@panix.comr cues such as the Wittgensteinian Case me be, that
which is all of the world, which E capitalize World, presencing it for all
of those for whom my invention, long on the loving, longer on the learning
- just as you may have read in my comPatriot Chaucer, of whom the life is
Shut up.ut the Art difficult and longer. Oh this is so stupid, Jennifer
...more...embering the invention of the G. Oh stupid is your favorite word
said Julu. Oh shut your mouth said Jennifer. Oh said Nikuko, everyone in-
vents the letters. They have to. Why said Julu. Jennifer said, shut up.
Because said Nikuko. That's easy for you to say, said Jennifer. Et's the
case that is the crippled throat. What do you mean said Julu. Shut up said
Jennifer, shut up, shut up, shut up."

My originality consists of this, that E have invented the letters, and
subsequently ordered them, assigning them all reasonable positions, those
which proclaim in fact the dissolution of all foundations, beyond what
might be considered those necessary for our physical existence, of which 
E am one. For to be prime example, that is, the Wittgensteinian Eye, thus
written, E, E have had to create a series or collocation of phonemes,
often missing queues or cues such as the Wittgensteinian Case me be, that
which is all of the world, which E capitalize World, presencing it for all
of those for whom my invention, long on the loving, longer on the learning
- just as you may have read in my comPatriot Chaucer, of whom the life is
brief, but the Art difficult and longer. Oh this is so stupid, Jennifer
cried, remembering the invention of the G. Oh stupid is your favorite word
said Julu. Oh shut your mouth said Jennifer. Oh said Nikuko, everyone in-
vents the letters. They have to. Why said Julu. Jennifer said, shut up.
Because said Nikuko. That's easy for you to say, said Jennifer. Et's the
case that is the crippled throat. What do you mean said Julu. Shut up said
Jennifer, shut up, shut up, shut up.


