


maudlin, cynthia, memory, monochrome


what remains as residues, petrifications, from intense narratives - what
haunts, only in the forms of lists - what returns, what might have been,
what has been abandoned, what has been refound - jennifer, jens, and jen-
ifer -

these are the nicknames, beth and anima, from my 1994 .addressbook 1994 -
so many of them have disappeared, craig and jonathan. tonight, i went
through the list, marius and robert robert, finding so few who have stayed
with me through the years, glennh wellman. and how many have left the net,
traveled and forever lost with diane and drift? the life of the real on
the net of ottawa nick.=, oh where are you, bisexual laura lee?

kufacts.cc.ukans.edu lambada.oit.unc.edu adrienne anima anima: beth
bisexual brennan bryan catheryn.l.welch charles charles chris christian
christian claudia constance craig cynthia dan danyyal darnja.burris david
ddowden deepsea derek derrida diac: diane dmkha don drift, ellen file film
fred future future general george glenn gregory h-film@uicvm.bitnet
harold_j_mcwhinnie harrison-pepper_sally harvey ian info jane jason jay
jennifer jens jhess jill jim joe joan john jonathan joseph judith kavita
kevin kristeva: laura leann lee lisa listserv lori madelyn malgosia manny
marius mark mcgill meta-environments michael mike mocha monochrome: ms-
poster net-happenings new nexus nick ottawa paul peter pomo-l%qucdn.bitnet
postmodern public queer-e: robert robert robert robert robert.lidgren
robert_scholes robert rodion rob.kooper/meta.vr.html sally scott scott
scott screambaby: screen-l sondheim: stephan stephan steven telektronikk
terry university unna supervisor vidpro-l wellman wendy yanoff ja anima cb
smb kevin jb bugaj sb db byrd jc rc c drift family joseph leslie gordon
flashaiinfo fop hf jf frost glennh gh cynthia mocha hobbes rh jane jh fido
chris pk dk kb ck fl rl madelyn now malgosia n mw hm steven mike dm laura
im jbm jon lm nexus sn karen pomo jp mp prupis wr cr jfr rr lisa as shp ds
rs seeker ts mark spoon thinknet st gu marius bwb bws wellman jw cw rw ez

