


Laser Panty Party Drug


For $10, tax included, I have purchased a keychain laser with five heads -
Normal, Handshake, Double-Arrow, Radiating, and UFO! Dance Jennifer! It
runs on three button batteries and is Aligned for Pure Light! The slight-
est twist of the laser results of course in a huge vector at a distance!
Dance Trance Wow! Now Jennifer looks across the street, where narcotics
cops arrested the owner and a customer of a fruit-stand bodega! Now we are
sure the owner is innocent and the customer is not! Now if we will point
the laser from my loft into the window of the bodega, we will create a
small target-point on one of the narcotics officers! Dance Mr. and Mrs.
Officer! Shall we use the Double-Arrow or the UFO? Now we will very
quietly retreat from the window before we are shot! Dead Can Dance! Now I
will whisper my name, Jennifer, and Dance and Yodel in my apartment! for I
have not used the laser Fun-Double-Arrow-UFO-Radiating from the window and
I am still alive! Now I think about our Pretty Body and I wonder about the
Wonder-Fun of outlining myself on myself, orange vector-graphic arm and
leg, breast and nipple, eye and ear, hole and navel, all the way to one
side of the Sensitive Membranes! Dance with Me, Jennifer-Fun-Jennifer! Oh
what would you video with Silly Cartoon Jennifer prancing in orange 3D
light in your very vicinity? Naked Laser Panty Party Drug Jennifer
Drag-Dancing! instead of lazily lounging in the upper millimeter of your
screen, making you read in all this Funny Light?


