


Evidence


"O Violent Sun of death-white Screen piercing Night festered with broken
Letters! You paste my Skin against your own, rip Flesh from Violated Face!
Your Whiteness slashes knife-like through Eyes which split; Liquid seeps
as World turns White and Mouth-Wide. Migraines harbor Entrails at the per-
iphery of wounded Vision. Screen offers no escape; Screen offers Surgery
and pain, suppurations and White cuts through Cheek and Bone and Throat
where Words are made. Language is Hideous Networked, Language is All there
is, Bleary Images, Imaginary 'just on the other side of the glass.' BUT I
CANNOT ABIDE PLEASURE fucked against White Screen, Mouth-Wide. IT BURNS!
IT BURNS! White and Violent Sun always already dead," and there is more
about the cauterization effect of the knife cutting by virtue of the bril-
liance of the workstation screen against the blackness of the night out-
side. It seems as if this could continue indefinitely, protesting against
vision and clarity - which can be related to the production of visual epi-
phenomena produced by early stages of migraine (which "harbor Entrails" as
indicated in the text). God, why does truth come so often in stereotypes -
both in content and in style? The capitals already give it away as a sim-
ulacrum of the crazed. One can only imitate so far, before the Real takes
hold once again - but then this is beneath the sign of migraine - not to
mention carpal-tunnel syndrome - and just about anything is excusable
under these conditions.


