


The Candy of the Universe


I wake up in the morning, wondering how I've narrowly avoided death once
again; death stalks me all my life. I live with the potential of suicide;
I figure, now, not that much time left to work, at 56, and I'll push my-
self in the middle of the night to complete one more thing. There's no
foreclosing, no closure, but the heavy pressure to carve a slight newer
space added to the already toppling old. I don't want to find myself on-
line, doing the same, a decade from now; I want to be in new strange
spaces that I don't recognize, with creatures from other stars. I want to
be injected with strange and beautiful drugs glowing in the dark, all
pastel shades, luxury fluids with the texture of luscious candy. I want to
be the candy of the universe, dying, if I must, suspended above the earth.

In the meantime, there are dreams; tonight I was in the middle of such an
intensity! The alarm went off, and in my dream, I thought: I _will absorb_
this sound into the dream, and it will be part of it. But the sound con-
tinued, endured, and I woke up. And now I think, this is the dream of the
real, that there is in fact such a sound beyond death, a sound of the con-
sciousness of all things, that will carry me into the beautiful meadows
and fields of wildflowers where the luxury fluids are. And then death will
be a toy, a plaything, my mind will always be alert, and my beautiful
hands will hold you, death, like a child's doll, in them. For a doll is
always dead, of course, and prepares us for the luxury fluids and meadows,
and maybe I will one morning, just one morning, wake with the slightest
tendency towards loving the new-found day.


