
 

Fuck Me,

Jennifer says exactly, sheds her skin; Jennifer knows that she wants in:
"And before the session was over, she added: 'Now you have to help me make
you disappear, because I think your desire to cure me is getting in the
way of the human things I can experience.'" (Professeur Pierre Fedida, A
Borderline State of Humanity and the Fragmented Ego of the Analyst, in The
Subject and the Self, Lacan and American Psychoanalysis, eds. Gurewich and
Tort.)

In spite of the length of the attribution, matching precisely the length
of my penis in relation to the length of Jennifer's textual exegesis, both
in a state of relative arousal, it is more than pertinent

What says Jennifer-Exactly is pertinent? Your mucilage-masquerade? Dystro-
phic muscularity? "Immediately afterwards, she said, in the session, that
men in the street were starting to come on to her 'in a disgusting way,
because they don't even know how to fuck a woman.' [sic] This would always
happen whenever she slowed her pace; 'I have to walk like a metal blade,'
she said," (ibid.) cutting tendons into _resonant mass._ To the extent of
the penis as subterfuge for the _erect body,_ already half-flaccid

Stop crawling, screams Jennifer, her exclamation point stolen by me, redu-
cing her to a whisper: did you hear that... 

Did I hear what; already, I'm that suppurating ball of flesh she's made
sure you've read about. The man-hole cover outside this place blew earlier
tonight, filling my sky and my lungs with acrid smoke. Cables on fire,
the electric fluttered like her thick heart beneath her ribs and heavy
breasts. My breasts aren't, Jennifer began

Spurious, I detumesced, Jennifer spurted white liquid out of her mouth and

Shut up, I said, you're killing me. Shut up, Jennifer said, I'm killing
you.


