


everything

tonight or maybe it was last night there was a dislocation in my jaw and
my mouth couldn't close. i went into the bathroom and brushed it with a
special tool of compacted close hard bristles. blood filled my mouth and
bits of tissue which i spit up into the sink. i used mouthwash to cleanse
the area which had previously been unknown to me, although the site of two
botched root-canals. i then used a high-pressure water probe to further
clean the area, after which the pain was intense; i tried to sleep and was
unable to do anything. it was because i couldn't do anything that i tried
to sleep. this had nothing to do with the tooth, but with the condition of
the jawbone and the overlaying tissue. the tooth is okay, but moaning i
got up again and went to the next door neighbors' where i begged for whis-
key. i drank a large glass of whisky and had some antibiotics as well,
along with various pain killers. the pain went away, maybe taking part of
my brain along with it. i value my brain more than anything; if i lose my
ability to write, i'll be a suicide, no longer existent. well now as you
can tell, i can't think, can't separate the real from the virtual, i'm
numbed against the powers of jennifer and julu, unanesthetized against the
virtues of nikuko. i worry about those moments in my life where the pain
will be so extreme that my body will be my life, not my mental pain, but
those instantiations which promulgate the body as a forthcoming feature
that brooks no others. those of you who live in this state, you need be
heros, you can live in ways that i can't. with the pain, isolation looms
large, turns me pathetic with the neighbors, i crawl to their door, knock
knock. what does this have to do with the real when the real can't be
thought. between madness and suicide, this pain looms. do i need atten-
tion. you bet.


