


untitled essay by Jennifer


when I'm lying on the bed, I get under the beige blanket with the cat and
we look at each other, and then I take my head out to read and I know the
cat is still under there looking at all the beautiful beige light and that
is all there is for the cat, that nice comfy world.

when the helicopter shows Yankee Stadium from the air you can see the va-
por trail from the helicopter engine and you know that the helicopter is
held high in the air by pure mechanism, where it feels the air all cuddly
around it, because it was designed for that cuddly air.

when I look through the amber plastic of the humidifier and see the warm
and happy slightly agitated water inside, I think what it must be like to
be suspended in that wonderful comfy water which is emptying into the air
to visit other places.

when I see my freshly-watered euphorbia in the window sill, I know they
will greet the early morning sun when I am still asleep, and begin their
busy photosynthesis, with only the cat looking on, all of them so cuddly
and happy in their early morning warmth.

when I watch the weather on television, I see a map of the world where you
are and I imagine a long tube from the cloud cover and rainy sky all the
way down into your bedroom where you lie sleeping, all comfy and cuddly.

when I put my bamboo-flute shakuhachi away after coating it lightly with
walnut oil, I think how safe and cuddly it is, in its lined case, wrapped
in cloth, with perfect humidity all around

when I think of myself, I think of me lazily spread out across all the
hard drives in the world, where you are reading this, slight magnetiza-
tions with emanant me hovering within your mind, and I think of myself,
all cuddly and comfy in your mind where I am lazily stretched out while
outside you are smiling at the world.


