


me, musing, narcissism

my writing doesn't proceed from the mastery of the text, but from burrow-
ing within it. nouns and adjectives appear as roughly horizontal strata,
verbs and adverbs as sheet lightnings. i can't see my way out of the fog.
i can't see my way into footnotes and bibliography. i can eat and breathe
and excrete the theory. there's something unwholesome about the theory,
about me, stained, tainted, ruined. i did an image: RUIN as if carved into
my breast. that is the fount and source of wisdom. but there's no mastery,
no series of definitive statements, the laying-out of the world. the world
isn't laid-out. i would have no place to stand. i can write from the desk,
but i'm writing within the desk, writing within the writing. this strips
me of authority. it's as if there's something wrong with me. it's as if
i'm blemished, carry an unidentifiable stigma, odor. i wear theorizing on
my back like an addiction. the drug carries me forth, stumbling across an
occasional reader, unidentified insight. it's hard to see clearly from
deep in the text, steeped in it, but it's the only site there is. what you
do and say filters through. if you press me hard enough, i can hear it.

it's not as if there's something wrong with me; there's something wrong
with me. it's not as if i'm blemished, carry an unidentifiable stigma,
odor; i'm blemished, carry an unidentifiable stigma, odor. i live within
the wood of the desk. i emerge; you see me covered with sawdust, half-
digested termites, egg casings. i nest in knotholes; count the rings and
you read me. saw me; i saw well.


