


Aw for Better, Aw for Worse


Some people are envious that I write every day, but believe me, it takes
its toll; I've been living with constant low-grade fever and fairly strong
headaches for months now. Occasionally something rises to the surface; I
then turn inward, sleeping twelve hours a day as a result of the stress
and possible depression. Well now. But then when I'm writing, when some-
thing seems to take over a series of texts, more than one alone - when a
series seems to be in the offing - when I'm shape-riding close to the bone
- it's then that I can feel close to total collapse, the text pushing out
through me, a terrible birth! I'm not exaggerating; those days, nothing
else happens in my life - it's as if the writing were incised on my chest
with all the pain so close to the heart, the brain releasing itself to the
language. Oh it's nothing compared to real physical labor or even the la-
bor of the classroom, but it can take its toll! And because of that, I
still, after all these years, write as if each text were my last, espec-
ially if I'm writing that series of texts. Oh I know, this sounds terribly
self-indulgent, given all the problems of the world - but we all live and
work alone, our nights at the heart of the brightest day. So I write and
think, yes, that's fine, that last one will do it - I think that at least
for the moment, and then something gnaws at me, and I'm off again, huddled
over the keyboard, pacing the loft, drinking coffee and pushing myself
until I'm falling apart, and the wounds begin all over again. I know if I
could stop, at least for a minute, I could see what I've actually done all
these years - but that seems unlikely; I'd trip over my fears, my death,
my very soul if that happened! "Be at rest, hidden, and do not move: what
comes, arrives by itself; what goes, departs by itself. Can you be one?
Can you stop?" (_Jing,_ trans. Yates.) Could anything be better? Could
anything be worse?


