



A Minor Note to a Minor Literature: Text and its Image


"I am lying in bed exactly as I would in reality, except that my forehead
is pressed against the white powdery wall of a large cylinder made of
lime, a cistern of sorts, exactly my height, and which is nothing other
than _myself,_ actualized and exteriorized. I feel this other exterior
forehead against my own, and thus I imagine my head is pressing against
the very substance of my mind." (from Michael Leiris, Nights as Day, Days
as Night, trans. Sieburth.)

I have been making a series of screen capture jpegs of chat environments
and diagrams of formats such as <Alan> Hello - the jpegs are no longer
ascii, but _images_ of ascii, stillborn and inactive; they appear not as a
_process_ of reading and writing, but as a token of such - the dynamicism
of ascii is lost - there's no way to insert or delete without going to a
graphics program and hoping to match the fonts - there's no punctured body
I have described as analog elsewhere - there's only a system of objects -
within which the ascii text is a byproduct of interpretation - as if the
whole were reproduced photographically - further, this has ontological
ramifications almost never noticed - the distinction between a typeset _e_
which is fundamentally presenced by virtue of a streaming ordering - and a
streaming which can, like this, be deleted, filtered, removed - and an _e_
reproduced within the totality of a jpeg, gif, photograph - I'd say that
the former is iconic, and the latter, indexical - that the former is pre-
sent in a radically different way - think of the letters falling off the
page in ascii (I have a program which will do this) - think of the _decay_
of the photograph, or the misplacing of a symbol (not symbolic) within the
jpeg - the image won't read, the file's corrupted - it's as if, to take
another model, one might have static and dynamic magic writing pads - the
latter which are process-oriented, wetware/software/hardware and the in-
termixing of categories - the categories coming later, literal after-
thoughts - indexical as well - indexicality always presupposing process -
and the former, the static model - dependent upon an external interpreter
- it's inert, iconic - no matter what the interpretation - it's the phil-
osophy of identity all over again - you might find, on the other hand, the
ascii dynamic as a philosophy of equivalence - working through templates,
bandwidths - in any case, it's clear from the transformation that there's
something tawdry, _stained_ about the image as opposed to the text, read-
ability notwithstanding - recognizing the death of the letter - which re-
lates as well to the elimination of the letterpress in favor of mimeo/off-
set techniques - but it's that very tawdriness that one may love - wearing
the canvas or jpeg (in whatever matrix it's exposed) - as if Jennifer or
another avatar were to present herself to you - knowing that the only au-
thentic transformation you can do upon the image is filtering the totali-
ty, or dividing it at random - that one is operating upon the _tableau,_
not the ostensible interiority of the written as language, as _lived
speech_ - I'd place Jennifer among the hermeneutics of the ongoing situa-
tion - if she'd let me - her dress, hirself, as the imaginary of that sit-
uation - there are also the matters of couplings and linkages, the crux or
chiasm of the _matter_ - since dynamic ascii, _this_ ascii, is coupled,
each letter (as within the realm of the signifier itself) independent of
the others, held in position as within a skein, but such that, for exam-
ple, if an _e_ were to disappar, at least the _sense,_ altered by error,
would remain - whereas, within the image, remove an element (of the file,
even just a symbol), and the image corrupts, disappears - I'd say then
that the text within the image is _linked_ in contradistinction - and now
I don't want to draw these divisions too precisely, there are all sorts of
exceptions, nevertheless - there's substance at the limit, the horizon of
the image, horizon of the dynamic ascii text - by ascii of course, refer-
encing _these_ texts among others that are downloadable, uploadable _as_
texts, that are _editable,_ that are in fact _open_ - with the _form_ of
presentation - font, color, size - in dialog with the interface, user's
desire - that's even true with dynamic html - you can override it - we're
breathing here (within the text) - we're making layers, blocks (within the
image of the text) - follow me down (says Jennifer) - where the letters
are - you'll have images, you'll see -


