


Part ii


Now! Run for it! Now! Go! I'll catch up with you later! I love you! I love
you too! Later we'll have kids and that picket fence you've always wanted!
They've got me! You've got to continue on without me! Promise me this!
She's dead! He's dead! They're all dead! No wait! That one moved! Can you
hear me? Who did this to you? I promise you we'll find them! He's gone!
There's nothing left for us to do here! Where to now? There's a place in
town he goes to! Be careful! Anyone in here see him? Nobody's talking. All
right, you! You can talk here or you can talk downtown! I don't make
deals! I'll see what I can do for you! He left that early? Sometimes he
goes to his sister's, she's on the other side of town! Take a left. You
wait in the car, I'll be right back! Keep the motor running! Have you seen
your brother? Why are there two glasses on the table? You expecting comp-
any? I know he's here! Call for backup! You can talk here or you can talk
downtown! Try that stuff on me you can forget I'm wearing a badge! Come on
you! You better clean your mouth in front of the lady! He said he could
place you at the scene! Oh yeah, maybe we can make a deal! How many
others? They're going to love you in the joint! I'm giving you one last
time! Watch out! Oh my God he's escaped! Pull over fast! I lost him back
there! Call for backup! Come in come in! We got a perp on the loose! He's
dangerous! Yeah, connected to that mess back there! You better come out,
we got the place surrounded! I know you're in there! Hold your fire, I'm
going in! My God, they're all dead! Some days are like this! You know,
you're good because you care! Wait a minute! You can't turn in your gun!
What are you going to do? There's that house with the white picket fence!
No, you belong here! You'll just sit around all day looking for something
to do! We won't last a week! Are you sure? Wait for me! I'm going down-
town! She'll be all right, they always are! I'll go home when the bad guys
do!


