


Numbers, Realing In


Although every number is unique, they will not count the electrons nor
will they count the neutrinos at the end of time. They subtilely breathe,
and it is the primes which create species. So many primes huddled and un-
known above, let us say, 10^100 just as a possibility. Craving attention,
they are constrained by the simplest of definitions, divided only by
themselves and one. This is poor communication, nowhere news, no news at
all. That is what makes them news: no news at all.

I think of rumblings underground, murky entrails, rhizomes, connected and
full of wonder, just as ultraviolet illuminates certain Arab paper money
replete with glowing mystical designs, otherwise invisible, grayed out in
spectral daylight. Or I think of numbers such as 41, with elaborate prime
scaffolding - and then I think of the absurdity of all of this, the harsh-
ness of numbers never giving into organism, always aloof, always huddled
elsewhere.

The numbers hide in the things themselves, excavated by swollen science. 
And if a number counted? It would give itself up to effacement, and a
momentary certain appearance, as if it were part and parcel of the order
of things. Things always appear somewhere in the midst of numbers; drawn
out, defined by them, things seem to exist somewhere outside of torn and
ruined skeins. We should have always known the truth about them, if we
were not seduced by the harshness of numbers.

Still, there is high tragedy in a number's passing in _paysage,_ the land-
scape of counting, for example this last March 10th of the second millen-
nium. Nothing, not even the magic of closing our eyes, will speak or num-
ber otherwise: Nothing ever disappears, everything is forgotten.


