



Power Points


I want to construct a mapping of power-points, a certain history of quan-
tum consciousness, from the fetish-objects.

There would the original sheaves of David Bohm's essays, angled and lying
across the three yellow volumes of Towards a Theoretical Biology, placed
on the purest sheets of white parchment. To the right, the spinthariscope
from Crookes would be displayed, set next to its original black leather
case, on equally pure sheets of slightly yellowed antique vellum, the
faintest shadows of cursive writing visible through it. All display cards
would be a very light grey rag paper, gold threads,

In the background, two abaci - a smaller Japanese 4/1 model, resting on a
sheet of white satin, and leaning against a large Chinese 5/2, on a black
swatch of the same material. The beads on both are set to the value 41.  
The small Tasmanian hand-tool lies in front of the Bohm essays on a small
purple velvet pillow; the first-edition Schelling lies on the right, on a
beautiful selection of century-old dried violets, with the 3.5 billion-
year-old stromatolite fossil, positioning on a thin sheet of slate and
leaning against it. The Schelling book, on its side, is opened precisely 8
millimeters (a thin lucite tab between the pages) to the first appearance
of the German word for 'Absolute.'

The 1895 telegraph receiver left rear; a floppy disk with my personal mail
on it, center rear, angled on a small plastic holder. The telegraph recei-
ver is semi-polished, and rests on a letter from a lover, the name and
address facing down. Front center, almost against the Plexiglas case, the
Korean shaman stone, resting on its small traditional three-legged stand,
focusing the energy. The vertical stone is angled north-north-west. A seat
covered with red velvet, low oak back, before the case (which sits on a
white pedestal). Lights down low, moody, with soft shadows. Japanese kabu-
ki music almost inaudible in the background. Very elegant.


