


Imaginary


"There are, to be sure, examples where a gross masochism _is_ involved.
The most notorious is the penis tattoo - a form of decoration that accre-
dited tattoo masters refuse to have anything to do with. The glans penis
itself is tattooed to resemble a peach or an eggplant; the shaft is often
also decorated - tendrils, leaves, and sometimes even the testicles are
shaved and decorated. The pain of such a cosmetic operation must be so
extreme that few can bear it. In fact, only the masochistic can ever have
the penis tattooed. The tumescence necessary for the tattooing operation
is insured by the masochism of the customer. A tattooed penis thus indic-
ated, to the devotee of the art, a man whose eroticism is confined simply
to the masochistic form." (The Japanese Tattoo, text by Donald Richie,
photographs by Ian Buruma.)

"The voyeur is very careful to maintain a gulf, an empty space, between
the object and the eye, the object and his own body; his look fastens the
object at the right distance, as with those cinema spectators who take
care to avoid being too close to or too far from the screen. The voyeur
represents in space the fracture which forever separates him from the
object; he represents his very dissatisfaction (which is precisely what he
needs as a voyeur), and thus also his 'satisfaction' insofar as it is of a
specifically voyeuristic type. To fill in the distance would threaten to
overwhelm the subject, to lead him to consume the object (the object which
is now too close so that he cannot see it any more), to bring him to org-
asm and the pleasure of his own body, hence to the exercise of other
drives, mobilizing the senses of contact and putting an end to the scopic
arrangement." (The Imaginary Signifier, Psychoanalysis and the Cinema,
Christian Metz.)


