



We Could Not Be @War


I am sure the war is a virtual war. I am sure Clinton and Milosevic are
virtual presidents. I have never met them. There is no "them" to meet. I
am sure that Kosovo or Kosova is a virtual place. I do see it spelled both
ways so the RFC, request for comments, hasn't been settled yet by the In-
ternet Task Force. I am equally certain that issues of virtual subjecti-
vity are applicable to cruise missiles, which create equally virtual co-
rpses; apply @cruise <destination> and see what happens; a random number
function determines <collateral damage> <n/e/s/w>. I am positive that such
corpses return to life in the Chapel, after a suitable delay spelled by
the Wizard, with the command @pray. Then there is a discussion between the
Wizard and the Devil and the corpse is released, wounded, and weakened,
without gold, but intact and @alive. 

And I am sure that Albanians and Serbs are guilds of bots, just the same
as NATO-USA, that they have fought for months over the same quota, without
the aid of a QRB, quota review board. The only things at stake are a few
small sectors of hard drives on machines probably tucked away in the back
of some university computer lab. I am certain as well that the machines
are real. I do want to assure you that @bomb is entirely reversible, no
matter what you may hear. Did you believe the Good Times virus? Did you
wise up? Have you _seen_ any 'collateral damage'? What you have seen is a
lot of @satellite bitmaps, a great many @fighter gifs and jpegs. I am cer-
tain these are virtual images. I am certain this is a virtual text. And I
am positive this is a virtual text as well.


