


here is some more


well, as i was saying, if i were the most beautiful person in the world, 
i would never have to do anything. there would be many people who would do
everything for me just to be near me. i think everyone would do everything
for me because people like to be near beautiful people and even beautiful
people would like to be near the most beautiful person in the world. i do
think there would be very many jealousies but my beauty would be so great
that everyone would just feel in awe of it and want to be close to it no
matter how it made them feel, because they would feel incredible, just
being close and able to see all that beauty. 

people would feed me and offer me things to drink and they would be the
best foods and the best drinks because everyone would want me to look my
very best all the time and a healthy diet would make me look my very best.
but there would be the most delicious foods in this diet because people
would want me to be perfectly happy all the time and i would have many
boyfriends and girlfriends and they would all share me all the time be-
cause my beauty would be such a very strong light that it would glow with
them wherever they would go and people would say, look at them glowing
from all that beauty. and they would be friends with one another and so
happily would they love each other too, but not as much, but love each
other because they would be so very happy just being near me. and you know
it would all be wonderfully warm and comfortable, being with me, because
my beauty would be inner beauty too.


