



prophecy, progeny (to see her)

your face in noctilucent clouds your smile in cracks of tortoise-shell
breasts in the flight of birds hair in river's meander in the outline of
mountains, arms tea-leaves and long legs cards of tarot and those eyes of
yours i-ching and labia, of yours knees and smoke, animal herds pot-shards
your womb flower-petals, your hands seen motions of air and motions of
your breath motions of certain colours; keep still, I do see her 
                           and and and
-- -- -- -- above Keeping Still, Mountain -- -- above Li The Clinging,
Flame -- -- below Li The Clinging, Flame ----- ----- ----- ----- -----
----- ----- ----- below Ch'ien The Thinking, Heaven a long flock or herd
of birds. And thereby sets upon a path of breath interpretation. Between
herself and her lover. But he dare not prophecy, prophecize, prophecise.
Fire in noctilucent clouds: Fire in heaven: Of grace and tea-leaves. She
makes the difference in the world. To begin. To think to begin. To under-
take. To undertake in the meander of waters. Her womb. Nine in the fourth
place: It is free. The image. To begin to undertake him. To begin to
speak, to part the lips, labia. To begin with mountains, streams. To read
through leaves, pine. In these small matter, it is favorable. Nine in the
fourth place means nine in the second place. No blame. Freedom. He will
keep still. Possession in great measure and the image of grace, and of
tea-leaves, grace. The progeny of ease, your possession in great measure.
This gift. In liver, the cracks; in pot-shards, display of tarot. In the
great measure of such motion, flame clinging: your skin in motion motion.
 The Image (sticks)
 The Image (stones and arrangement)
 The Judgement (the thin cracks)
 The Judgement (of the cracks, the thicker)
 The Lines (of leaves)


