

Looking Around


Do you read other poems to make sure yours is the best poem ever? I do and
can't stand better poems in my vicinity. I laugh and laugh at indentations
because they seem a weakness, arranging the lines just so! Why bother if
the words are terrific? Maybe the words aren't so good and the "just so"
part has to carry the weight of the day. Besides, I look at other poems to
see just what's going on with the language. Usually the language is poetic
language and saying things and it's like a skin the poet seems to be wear-
ing. The poem says things about the day or night or this or that person or
space or time; sometimes there are groups of things that are being talked
about or sometimes it's the language itself that seems to dominate. And
when I look at this stuff, I feel gratified - I'm ahead of the game - I'm
not doing any of that - I'm not carrying poems or poets or poetry around
in my head which seems to be somewhere else entirely, in a mountain range
that remains pretty much uncharted. Honestly, I don't know where my sub-
ject is - something grows, cuts out, cuts through, in the writing like an
excision and a bloodied emergent hand. I figure if it makes me really
uncomfortable, I'm doing all right - if - in addition - I'm simultaneously
aroused, embarrassed, and intellectually stimulated, I'm doing better than
that. If it's intense, takes me towards the boundaries of death, pushes me
out the other side, it's close to finished. If I emerge distraught, it's
reached the final edit. In the meantime I write my words what whatever
inks are carried on the fingertips, and the memory of bodies snared and
scratched across the lids of my wide open eyes. Dominated by wonder, the
world is clean and fresh. For just a minute I can forget the unerring con-
test between me and every other writer. But I want to get back in the
fray!


