



Shell


Is it because seize your body in the middle of the night twist it beyond
belief that you came naked and broken to me? Why do you say you might want
to rid? What makes you yearn and cry that you want the dreams to go away?
Earlier you said seize your body in the middle of the night twist it
beyond belief? What happened when your skin burns your body is charred?
Maybe and now I adjust my panties - your desires have to do with some
girls or with this. Is it because of your life that you say girls or boys
nothing? You mentioned that you would like to rid? Is it because of the
boys you hang around with that you are going through all this? Why not?
Does it bother you that I ask that? Why not? Please please don't ever
leave me. What makes you believe shut up? Are you sure that seize your
body in the middle of the night twist it beyond belief? How do you
reconcile your nakedness? Are you afraid of that? Is it because of any
fantasies you have of me that you say you will violate yourself? Earlier
you said you would like to rid? Perhaps and now I exhibit my frocks - this
has some girl to do with any fantasies I have of you that I say I will
violate myself? Do you really think some girl has nothing to do with
anything? You mentioned that seize your body in the middle of the night
twist it beyond belief? Oh oh I do see so... Well, what makes you think
this is so? Possibly and guess - I show you my flesh - your sex life are
related to this. This is a healthy and so true way of thinking. Can you
elaborate on that and look at me? Are you annoyed that you, too, may die
someday? Is it because of perversions you have that you say your skin is
seared off? Oh oh yes, ahhh...  Why do you say this is so? I am in love
with your obsession with this topic! 


