


Kurt, Jean, and Me


"In his conclusion to _La structure de l'organisme,_ Kurt Goldstein con-
trasts the damaged or sick organism which only seeks self-preservation to
the healthy organism which is prepared to undergo new experiences. Health
undoubtedly consists in facing up to unknown shocks, in being prepared for
danger or in being exposed to unexpected traumas. Perhaps this is the sim-
plest form of human courage. It appears when man, as Goldstein says,
'seeks more than self-preservation.' And he adds: 'this aptitude is inher-
ent in man's being and generally reveals the highest form of biological
existence which is freedom.' The application of these suggestions to soc-
iology does not contradict our conclusions. [...]

"One can understand how the work of art is a _wager_ on the future ele-
ments of life. If our whole being were made accessible to us now, if it
were within our grasp, we should undoubtedly project ourselves beyond what
now constrains the future. At times, the form we give to this longing is
taken up by those to whom it is addressed. At times, it has no inheritor.
What does it matter? That is something we cannot know in advance. We are
as much what we have been as what we are able to imagine."

(From Jean Duvignaud, The Sociology of Art, trans. Timothy Wilson.)

Usually I take rare comfort in the combination of biologism and teleology;
in this instance, returning to the phenomenology of Goldstein, it is just
the opposite. Surely the Goldstein/Duvignaud axis presupposes the praxis
of avatars and emanants - the creation of the writer Nikuko or the writer
Alan or numerous others? For what are these if not the inflationary
breaths of the future, our expanded and pneumatic souls made visible for
the benefit of others?

I argue for the courage to embrace such inflationary universes; I leave  
a legacy of falsehoods' truths.


