


fragment, stella/r


you get up early in the morning and you have a whole and wonderful world
of dreams. you look outside and the sun is shining and there are cirrus
clouds high up in the pale blue sky. there are buildings shimmering in the
distance as if in preparation for the dawn of afternoon's heat. you turn
towards the computer, turn the equipment on, turn the chair around, turn
your face towards the screen.

the screen is a narrow waist and you know you will enter the screen, your
body crouching in the monitor shell, the plastic casing allowing you to
descend, all the way to your waist.

you're wearing the monitor now, half in and half out, the rectangular op-
ening a chastity belt harshly set around you, your holes adjacent to the
power supply, your penis splayed across circuitry for vertical hold. you
see the world from this clean and proper place, burn marks seared into
your skin as the equipment cools against you, melding self and shell
together.

your lover approaches with eyes closed and a very beautiful smile. she
will take you in and out of the machine, and she will take you, and you
are very glad for that.

"Machines had always plagued Antonin Artaud. At the age of five Artaud be-
gan to suffer those terribly debilitating headaches which were to plague
him for the rest of his life. He had contracted meningitis and risked im-
minent death. In desperation, his father attempted a therapy quite in
vogue at the time: he purchased a huge machine that produced static elec-
tricity. As the air filled with ozone, electric sparks arced from its
wires to an electrode attached to the young patient's head..." (Allen S.
Weiss, in Perverse Desire and the Ambiguous Icon.)

voltage on the increase, amperage decreased to that threshhold, that edge
of transgression, face going down with control-alt-delete, you're always
her favorite person, you'll try try to remember her name name name name
name


