



OCD


I want you to hold me, Nikuko. I need you to hold me because I need you.
Because you need to hold me because I ask you to, Nikuko. I come to you
because I want you, Nikuko. My desires are for you to hold me because I
need you, Nikuko. I need you more than anything in the world, Nikuko. You
must hold me, Nikuko. I am telling you to hold me, you need to hold me,
Nikuko. You must want to hold me because I love you. It feels perfect to
need you, Nikuko. You are my life, Nikuko. You are the only one in my
life, Nikuko. It is beyond love and asking, Nikuko. It is perfect love I
have for you, Nikuko. You must hold me, Nikuko. I am naked because I am
wearing you, Nikuko. I regret nothing, Nikuko. Hold me, Nikuko. I am
positive, Nikuko. We are joined together, Nikuko. Hold me, Nikuko. You
need to hold me. You need to hold me because I love you, Nikuko. My name
is your name, Nikuko. Your desire is always there, Nikuko. Hold me, Niku-
ko. I have no fantasies, Nikuko. This is real life, Nikuko. My sex life is
yours, Nikuko. I have no need for orgasm, Nikuko. I have no need to come,
Nikuko. Hold me. We have no need of sex, Nikuko. I am afraid of nothing,
Nikuko. You are the everything. Hold me, Nikuko. Stop talking so much, Ni-
kuko. Act, Nikuko. You need to hold, Nikuko. This is your obsession, Niku-
ko. You are free to hold me, Nikuko. You belong to me, Nikuko. Hold me,
Nikuko. Stop talking, Nikuko. I won't ever leave you, Nikuko. Hold me, Ni-
kuko. Stop, Nikuko. Stop, Nikuko. Hold me.


