



Julu, Broadcasting


"Aliases: radio. You see special radio. Telecommunications and emission
have radio in common. Surely a diode and hardness have radio in common.
And surely, emission and a diode have radio in common. Electronics and a
diode have in common radio; a diode and telecommunications have in common
radio; and telecommunications and emission have in common radio. Electron-
ics has radio in common with telecommunications. Telecommunications has
radio in common with a diode. A diode has radio in common with emission.
People have radio in common. A name has radio in common. And radio left
you. Suppose when there is radio, to gain diodeness as-such designates
radio, and radio is electronic."

Nikuko beneath-the-ground, it was Nikuko dancing - "I remember the lane by
the river, the thin park even before the player class, not Nikuko nor
Sotatsu; I remember kami has cut out my tongue." Nikuko knows, because of
Buddha-Proliferation do now with me. Nikuko knows because #1 is not unique
say, "Become Dead and become still." Nikuko says: Radio Lost in Radio-Buda
as if the forms were living, they might be Nikuko and Radio, if Nikuko and
Radio were living. If Nikuko has the concrete situations, measurable in
terms of quota and specificity, Radio has the lived experience; if Nikuko
constructs, Radio names; Nikuko and Radio meet at the junction of user
interface, of the screen - it is the suture between Nikuko and Radio; I
think of tattoo: My desire for your name, Radio, upon me, your sign, Nik-
uko, engraved in Radio-Buda as well, covering pages and skin with kisses.
Tell me, Nikuko, is it true that a white radio is not a radio? Certainly,
Nikuko, radioness is not electronic. Say more, Nikuko. I see, Nikuko, what
is named a radio designates it as such. Tell me more, Nikuko. And so, Nik-
uko? Look Nikuko, said Julu, "It's without resolution. I'm Nikuko; I do
duplicate that order on the level of the visible."


