

Intimacies

The intimacies of the body, so that you will always know me, always
remember me - that I have dandruff, intensely, using shampoo to control it
daily; that I pick my lips out of uncontrollable habit; that I can't look
at myself in a mirror (but you already know that); that my anus itches
intensely at times, waking me up in the middle of the night; that my
dreams are bad, often edging towards emotionally harrowing vertigo;  that
my penis is approximately six inches erect, my perineum elongated, my
testicles loose; that I have sloped shoulders and can't carry a bat on
them unless it crosses the chest; that my nipples are small and non-de-
script on flat breasts; that my voice rasps because of fluid in my throat; 
that in the morning I shower, the heat between my shoulders, bringing me 
out of uncomfortable spells I can't totally define; that I sleep curled 
up, as if welcoming death or annulment; that my nails are slightly long 
on my right hand for guitar and that they embarrass me; that I cut my 
hair very short as a form of denial; that I get hives, wear reading 
glasses and am intensely nearsighted; that my voice is monotone although 
my emotions surge; that I appear arrogant in demeanor as a result of 
completely discomfort with myself; that my fingers and toes are thinned, 
eyebrows thick but thinned back; that I have heavy allergic reactions, 
almost asthmatic at times; that my hearing may be poor as the result of 
repeated infections; that I have a scar on my right knee; that I have a 
slightly bent nose as a result of a beating years ago when I was in 
college; that my thighs are the best part of me in my obsessive opinion; 
that I have a slight stomach and a stooped walk (years ago I was told 
this was the result of "thinking of money in the bank"); that I sometimes 
talk to myself; that I've woken up shaky in the night.

The intimacies of the soul, so that you will always know me, that I write
for posterity and believe it brilliant; that I have accidentally killed a
dog, raccoon, and cat in my life with my car; that I have once or twice
cheated on the woman I was living with out of total desperation; that I am
haunted constantly by all of this and can't shake it; that I am workahol-
ic and write every day feeling it's the only reason to stay alive;  that
when I've turned away from you is when I've needed you most; that I'm so
needy I'm impossible to take on as a lover and everyone knows this; that
I've always wanted to move towards the abject extremities of sex; that
I've wanted to lose myself in you; that the stories I tell you when we
make love are not anonymous at all to me; that I believe my texts will
somehow survive and be discovered in the future for the resonance they
contain in the present; that my understanding comes from the comprehension
of my limits; that I've always been shaky, never knowing who I am but 
driving forward with the force of enduring conviction.

So that you know me, body and soul.

Alan


