


Light as a Feather


"Our consciousness will be changing in terms of reality, in terms of the
material. We are always somehow obsessed by the material, but in virtual
reality there is only illusion and image collected in your memory as ex-
periences. Things like this will really change and shift what we do, de-
velop our concept of space and time and consciousness, and make us more
aware of the essence of life. My hope for technology, cyberspace for ex-
ample, is that it will bring up questions of the space that actually ex-
ists, space that exists conceptually, and also inner-world space, mind
space." (Mariko Mori)

The ex- istence of life, signaled for those who read carefully, by the
stuttered dashes at lines' ends above, placing as tray-water, slightest
movements shimmering from a viewpoint; she is Jennifer, not Nikuko, "Let
our flesh melt into the air." Mori embodies intersections of omaMORI,
looking through the plastic peephole at the Five Happy Gods of Shinto or
varied charms against motorcycle accidents - anyway, these omaMORI, re-
ligious talismans, this querying of spirit through technology. Well, I,
I've always wanted to write that, "Well, I" since it goes nowhere. As if
her narcissism were my own. And last night when I read the quote above,
and we two discussed it, "Well, I," I was certain that one had to give
oneself over to a space, shades of Happy Situationism. Then it would be
clear; her digital reconstructions are always already that, and eternal.
Well, I think of her as eternal. Yes I do and she is 32 and we will be
around to see precisely that.

Terence McKenna is very ill, he won't live until the asymptotic converg-
ence. I know there are shades that will return. Well, (for me), I want to
embody myself here, you won't ever forget me if you duplicate. I beg you,
duplicate, hold me close in, I'm light as a feather. I will fly upward
with Mariko Mori, Nirvana, I will take you with me.

- Myouka


