


o A & o A


I o am o Alan. O I'm o so o many o things. O I o am o a o multiple o
thing. O I o am o a o barrel, o I o am Azure o and o I o have o blue o
eyes o and o Alan o finds o them o green. O Doctor o doctor, o my name o
is o Azure. O I'm o a o multiple o personality. O I o come o from o many o
sources. O oh Azure, o Azure, o you o will o be o my o doctor o doctor o
too o and o I o will o see o what o you o to see o through o your o eyes o
into o the o blue o of o day o which o is o the o color o but o now, will
o be o fine o and o light, o this o doctor o doctor, o to o whom o there o
are o many o things you o might o recognize, o me, o Azure, o they o say,
o who o are o you? O I'm o not o sure o I o can answer o this, o who o am
o I o to o speak o for o me? O I o would o go o to o the o doctor o doctor
o and ask o her o all o about o me, o I o will o give o myself o to o
doctor o doctor o and o everything can't o think o beyond o all o of o us,
o oh o Azure o Azure, o clearly o over o your o head. O I o do love o
Azure o so o and o I o am o the o only o one o who o in o the o world o
will o be o fine o and light, o of o many o lovely o hieroglyphics o and o
all o of o you o and o all o of o me o and o and and! o I o see o and o we
o will o become o one o and o there o will o be o wires o binding o us o
in the o shape o of o slate-grey o sky, o and o Azure's o eyes o are o
blue, o take o walks o and o she tells o me o about o her o doctor o
doctor, o who o is o her o doctor o and o the o day, o the slate-grey o
sky, o all o that o you o might o see o of o me. O now, o a o tree, o a o
monkey, o an ant, o a o sidewalk o where o the o ant o is, o and o the o
sky o which o understands o her o and she o is o the o only o one o who o
understands o me. O Sometimes o we o want o to o know o what o it is o
like o to o see o through o your o eyes o which o can o be o measured. O I
o would o measure o on Doctor o doctor, o I o would o do o that o I o who
o speaks o to o me, o this o person, o who o is very o eyes o the o color
o of o the o slate-grey o sky o will o do o a o transplant o into o Alan's
eyes o and o we o will o exchange o eyes, o Oh o Alan o I o would o I o
would o I o would. would would would would would would would would would.


