


What I'm Doing About It


As September-February virtual writer-in-residence at trAce I'm supposed to
be preparing for incoming. Meanwhile we were three months away from desk-
tops, and the laptops can't handle the Linux system I need. So I bought a
Compaq 5204 only to find the sound gone on the system, which is now being
subject to a quick restore, thanks to Compaq help; the problem remains
which means that hardware's got to be changed. I've already spent an even-
ing when I should be learning cgi-bin stuff playing around with drivers
that I shouldn't have had to touch; I'd already tweaked the Win98 registry
and added a swapfile, etc., and that only took three days. I find myself
caught on slow modems when anything does work (and why is the QuickRestore
disk adding Windows NT setup at the moment? why does it give copying data
and current process percentages without giving the process name and the
time left for restoration?). I'm replete with gremlins; in the cgi-bin, I
used a script that runs on everything else (not my own), thanks to Paula
Edmiston who sent me the URLs; I then set permissions and paths properly
and I can pretend to add to hypertext to no avail. It's hot here but at
least the computers (this older Pentium 100 and the Compaq which runs at
330 with a different chip) are cooled over by the window. I'm desperate
for rain. I'm not made for file permissions and drivers and tech support
which isn't life support. I'm panicky about the residency, feeling very
unprepared - not enough perl, not enough javascript, only the blurred edg-
es of a story and what about those email lists? - I'm run ragged at the
precipice lip, out of money for further equipment (I'd give a lot if I had
it for a Toshiba Libretto fit out with RedHat 6.1 - _that_ would be ideal)
and out of sorts as "SystemSave" keeps running to my right - all of my own
data and tweaking having been erased of course. Well, this has all come to
an end with the QuickRestore and sure enough the sound is still bad and I
call up support again and tech tells me I have to bring it in to a certi-
fied dealer - well, first he's (the first tech was she's) got me going
into safe mode and removing the sound card and of course that's not it,
and then I hang up and check the warranty and it says I get on-site ser-
vice and I call tech support for the third time after calling the Compaq
main office at 2 in the morning and how dare they remain closed when I'M
calling, and anyway, the third guy agrees to the terms, gives me a case
number (now I'm official, I'm a case - this is the third case I've had
with Compaq mind you in three years, the other two ending in a class ac-
tion lawsuit), so within 3 to 5 days I can presumably start setting up
RedHat Linux 6.1 (if I can find it cheap enough) on the system (I've never
used lilo for booting, just System Commander), and and and and and

the whole world is beginning to feel like one big kludge, I shouldn't be
the virtual-writer-in-residence, I can hardly spell my name at the moment,
my work is all one big lie, the center doesn't hold and either do the
edges and for that matter nothing in particular holds anywhere across the
middle either, and I think

that all of human history is one big kludge, bumbling around, it's amazing
if the keyboard works (even if it's not connected to anything, I have one
of those Microsoft contoured ones and it feels great, but the system's
shut down until the repairs are done), it's amazing if the mouth works, if
speech works, in the long run into that dark dark night as Fitzgerald
might say, there's no one to call, no one to pick up the phone, no machine
to take the messages, no machine to deliver them, there's only that si-
lence on the line, there are no lines, there are no phones, no ears to
hear no mouths to speak of, and I think

thank god we're all fools looking down at our feet, I wonder if I can do
anything with this semi-broken RedHat Linux 5.0 on the other machine, so
what if the cgi-bin doesn't work, the colors aren't proper, and it won't
go into SVGA mode, keeping me in a ridiculous 640 by 480 or some such with
Netscape Communicator not even staying properly within X-Window coordin-
ates, but flooding all over multiple desktops, making me jumpy when I'm
working, just another kludge, I look into the mirror

and see parts and parts and parts, nothing whole, just assemblages linked
together, it's psychosis that makes me think they're only concatenated,
coupled, broken, ready to collapse at any moment, whole worlds are held
together

by tethers like that, this, the other, just as the parts of me beg for
different names


