




The Opening 


My arms circle Azure, if she lets me. I may walk around her, if she is
standing still, sitting in a chair, and she may let me speak to her, her
speaking in return, as words shadow and foreshadow the indolent air of
dusk. Lights glimmer in the distant, her red-brown hair outlined ever so
faintly in the gathering dark. I have no control over the liquidity of
phrase and subject; saying spreads like eddies across the sky. Azure, I
say, her name like tendrils upon the wall of time, I want to, to describe,
how words lengthen in the air, and how, in cyberspace, they remain commit-
ted to the line, no matter the depths of revelation. I want to show how
the lines or paragraphs become lines or paragraphs, huddle and tumble upon
one another, and how, in real life, the world is filled with gaps, with
longing, how the world in real life is always already a world of longing.
Of projects unfulfilled, Azure says, and I say not even projects, not even
unfulfilled, but of the laziness of longing, the waiting that has no goal,
the murmurs of voices close upon the evening air. How life is always a
yearning, how the planet yearns, how waiting need not involve expectancy,
but only a loving silence, how we need to learn, to listen to that sil-
ence.

Nikuko, Julu, Alan, Jennifer, recede into the shadows. They too have wait-
ed, but their words are huddled, their time always timed or in lag, a
slightly darker sky surrounding them. They cannot hear the sounds of tree-
frogs, and fireflies remains descriptions of dreams they have been given.
The world returns to Azure, Alan, and

Her arms encircle Alan, if he lets her, their faces round as moons.

 
