


Mid-Term Report


So there's Kyoko Date the avatar, and then there are anime characters who
are divided into various categories, for example male lovers for a female
audience, erotic, non-erotic, serials, etc., and then there are virtual
idols and the Virtual Idol magazine and TokyoPop with more virtual idols,
and someone is singing those songs, mouthing those voices, perhaps in com-
bination with synthesizer, and there are also fan categories, not to men-
tion the Kiss and other dolls (remove their clothes with a mouse, includ-
ing project DK 96, which is Kyoko Date all under again) and Rebecca, as
well as anime music and amateur artists, and then there are also the ama-
teur doll artists (there may be none other), and Jennifer is wandering in
the debris of Tokyo pop, looking for her Vergil in the forests of the real
and it all comes down to information, boils down to the _removal of impur-
ities,_ that is to say the lifeline of the material substrate - be it car-
bon-organic or silicon, be it silicon valley or fog-shrouded mountain - or
rather, say _desire_ could be presented without the lineaments, gaze or
ass or breast, or thirst/hunger (all those scarcities) - say a _purified_
desire as well - desire freed from targets (shape of a penis, pheromones,
emerald glitters) - think of cyborg desire, virtual idol desire - sketched
out say by Ballard, filled in by Nikuko - 

so on the trail of Kyoko Date, fast-disappearing in the fed-back loop of
teen consumerism, trembling lips, muscles and panties - and it goes _down_
into absence (hard-to-get CDs, CD-ROMs, just about anythings concerning
project DK96 three years later) - and _out_ into blurred ontologies in the
midst of consistent epistemologies (virtual idols bending into those lin-
eaments as long as humans are part of the food-chain, chained desire ap-
parently making it all worthwhile) - ontologies looping Japan:SOURCE and
world-wide:EMISSION as mobile targets are hunted, run down by fandoms/art-
ists everywhere - thicker and thickest by _virtue_ of online -

when the referent is _there_ but absorbed into the signifier - when the
signifier carries a time-date stamp - everything always already new and
gone - train-window effects - think of the doppler sound, leaving a trail
- exhausting what used to be the real - 

call this revenge of the superstructure - total rural electrification - 
electric backup everywhere - becomes invisible - virtual idols singing to
virtual audiences - why bother? - so then the _circuity_ dominates, takes
over, rids itself of _those sounds_ pleasant to human ears - no need -
it's that question of linkages and couplings again - linkages, receptors
and acknowledgments - no need - for the construct, say, of the 'rural' or
'electrification,' 'mountain' or 'valley,' 'earth' or 'tenancy' ...

