


eve


sometimes we'd speak late in the midwest afternoon when the sun shot like
yellow foam, brittle and harsh, across the dying fields, he'd turn to me,
it wasn't all that long ago, there were still those few dark specks in the
sky, those broken stalks, those leaves, i remember, i'd be waiting ...
sometimes there will be a whole damn text, he said, taking the cigarette
out of his mouth for one last time in this godforsaken world, a whole damn
text with noise elements scattered all through it like argonauts in that
field, and there will be the slightest point in the world, here he looked
up at the sun and sky falling on the baked-stone earth, crops withered and
gone just like that another year, corn silk drab like radiation-hair,
crashed out, there will be this slightest point, and all the noise pro-
vides a framework for it, an exegesis so to speak, as if it were enough,
as if it added to the point being made, there were thin black birds above/
beyond/just about everywhere, looking for the last seeds in the world,
dust-devils in the distance, bird-throats parched and silent, uncanny
isn't it, he said, the silence, then again, all the noise in the text, as
i was saying, what would that be about, what would that point be then?,
here he looked at me, waiting, and as I said nothing, he continued, well
it's a requirement, sense of space, you could turn it around, god's signa-
ture, so i'm told, he looked at me directly now, is everywhere, more in
the noise than the silence i fill with my scrabblings, turned and saun-
tered away as if that was all there was to it, nothing more to be said


