


Corrections


and kills, deletions everywhere, configuration files, initiation files,
resource control files, segmentation faults, core dumps, useless hard-
drive activity, all of this in a single directory, slackware linux, on a
single hard-drive, on a non-descript compaq presario desktop not meant 
for these sorts of things - which then filter, leak, into the texts, cor-
rupt them with meaningless symbols and {k:7} prompts going nowhere - the
texts, my writing, my very own, suffers as a result - I try to include my
failures here - not so much inhabiting the machine as mutual devouring -
I'm in and out simultaneously - play both sides of the bridge - fear of
water - the whole history of the world can be read in these three words -
_the corrupted file_ - I do my best to bring you complete works, things of
beauty, coherent, lovely beyond belief - dis/ease and dis/comfort beckon -
there are cracks in the artifice, it's as if excretion were returning at
long last from banishment - I can't hold on that long - there's always the
probe into the machine - there's always the return of the machine to the
probe - both flesh and silicon - all over, it's the way this universe was
made -

but in these writings - too much emphasis on error, too many symbols, as
I've said, too much corruption, not enough analysis - think of it as
frustrated writing - the _act_ of it a frustration - writing through the
debris - writing degree one, say, not zero, that is, writing in the proto-
cols - did I say filtering, leaking into the texts? - there's dissolution
and I'm ashamed of it (the system falters, flicker-rate of the screen
shows up uneasily, migraine straight ahead), yes, ashamed - there's noth-
ing to be proud of, this domination - Aug 26 13:17:32 nikuko sendmai-
l[158]: EAA15303: to=<jennifer@sfsu.edu>, ctladdr=<root@nikuko.org> (0/0),
delay=2+09:08:27, xdelay=00:00:11, mailer=esmtp, relay=diana.sfsu.edu.
[130.212.10.239], stat=Deferred: 451 <root@nikuko.org>... Domain must
resolve Aug 26 13:17:39 nikuko sendmail[158]: EAA15309: to=<julu@student.-
unsw.edu.au>, ctladdr=<root@nikuko.org> (0/0), delay=2+09:07:59, xdelay=
00:00:05, mailer=esmtp, relay=rufus.comms.unsw.edu.au. [149.171.96.100],
stat=Deferred: 451 <root@nikuko.org>... Your hostname is unresolvable


