


THE TRUTH OF CLAR
 
 
II. Thu Sep 9 01:23:04 EDT 1999 Only God creates the transcendence for
truth. This always already pushes the stack back; what requires absolution
procures it in relation to the Mother. Thu Sep 9 01:23:55 EDT 1999
Transcendence is a condition of abandonment, indeed, of the abandoned - so
says Clar. Thu Sep 9 01:24:32 EDT 1999 Clar adds, abandonment among a
population of refugees is equivalent as true Abandonment to God. To leave
the Trappings of Our Life according to Buddha, to cross borders,
inconceivable transgressions: such are the Reincarnated themselves. Thu
Sep 9 01:25:48 EDT 1999 Clar says, within the new Carapace, there is the
Ward of Our Soules; the converted leave their Implements behind. Beyond is
the Way of God, which is the Way of Vast Abandonment. Thu Sep 9 01:26:36
EDT 1999 Even to breath, Clar says, requires no presence of the Lord, who
is a distraction. Thu Sep 9 01:26:58 EDT 1999 Mind focuses beyond Godhead,
who is already with parts, breaking the Fast of Transcendence. Abandonment
must be total, eyes crossed, legs and arms spread, wheel and gyre. Clar
says, the way to the truth which is perfect Refuge and perfect Refugee.
When the borders are drawn, erased in earth, sand, water, sky, wind,
storm. Thu Sep 9 01:28:10 EDT 1999 No debris, nothing but what is trodden
underfoot. Thu Sep 9 01:29:10 EDT 1999 There are no fallen; who falls, is
abandoned, Clar says, and such abandonment is the finality of the search
for truth. The Way is the Wayside. The Way is the Wayside, Clar says,
against the advice of Buddha, God, her own dear conscience. Clar says the
Wayside deflects or derails the truth, which is what in all facticity, it
is. Thu Sep 9 01:30:20 EDT 1999 Clar says, I have nothing more to tell
you, what you have already known. Thu Sep 9 01:33:31 EDT 1999 Thu Sep 9
01:33:31 EDT 1999

I. Thu Sep 9 01:23:04 EDT 1999 Writing, Clar says, is the debris left
behind, the Subject of Abandonment, the pole or locus. Such, Clar
reflects, those who are Called, are Culled. Thu Sep 9 01:30:39 EDT 1999
The culling or the called, refuge and refugee, abandoned and abandonment
and abandoning, the way and the wayside, says Clar, to murmur these is to
murmur the truth from the corner of the eye, the thought just beyond
recognition, the voice barely understood, and come in the midst of the
night. Thu Sep 9 01:32:58 EDT 1999


