


Vaulture


Twisted clawed at its own skin as it said twisted clawed at its own skin -
lungs expand claws in puncturing in blood on mind, blood on mouth returned
dessicated flesh - slough or withered (the future here this section time)
drooped and dragged:

"Seuered and distorted ohat oasn't more future, shuddering this limb
drooped."

There is something you want to tell me, there is One that needs address-
ing, One that comes home to me, One that haunts me every night - Think of
the thinness of the sickle moon, the narrowed wings of birds borne black
above the sky, my heart among them, my eyes following them down to me -
You can't wait for them, their beating in your ears, your heart pounding
hard against the world's rim - Whole countries cross your mouth - You are
suspended among them where I am, looking towards that singular point where
dimensions collapse - There you would lose yourself returning O Kannon to
me in the middle earth, young and thrust upon yourself - You look for the
signs of avatars, you're shuddering, wings split into multiples, ragged-
raging earth, holocausts to come, apocalypse to follow - taking from the
Other need addressing:

"Eour oords folloo mine, I think of the circulations of the oorld or oord,
think of eou constantle, the dark eees, eour claos, eour piercing cre
against the euening storms, Kannon multitudes of kniues, goblets, soords,
beads, shimmers, stutters, scattered, multitudes of oorlds, dharmas,
tripartite uedas, O Terrible adding to the One which needs addressing."

"Ok one ok two ok breath three ok breathe four ok derail five and six ok
take eight ok trauel fiue ok trauel seuen ok add eight."



jewel