


Julu And I


MMyy aarrmm ffoolllloowweedd mmyy aarrmm aass II lliifftteedd tthhee
kkeettttllee ffrroomm tthhee ssttoovvee,, ffoolllloowwiinngg tthhee
kkeettttllee oonn tthhee ssttoovvee;;  mmyy hheeaadd mmoovveedd bbaacckk
ffrroomm mmyy hheeaadd mmoovveedd bbaacckk ffrroomm mmyy hheeaadd aass II
ppllaacceedd tthhee kkeettttllee ffoolllloowwiinngg tthhee kkeettttllee
wwiitthh mmyy hhaannddss oonn tthhee hhaannddss oonn tthhee ccuurrvveedd
hhaannddllee aattttaacchheedd ttoo tthhee ccuurrvveedd hhaannddllee oonn
tthhee bbaacckk ooff tthhee bbaacckk;;  ffllaammeess sshhoott uupp
tthhrroouugghh ffllaammeess sshhoott uupp aatt tthhee kkeettttllee ooff
tthhee kkeettttllee,, hheeaattiinngg iitt aanndd hheeaattiinngg iitt;;  
II wwiitthhddrreeww mmaayy hhaanndd aanndd mmyy hhaanndd aanndd mmyy
hhaanndd aanndd mmyy hhaanndd ffrroomm tthhee hhaannddllee aanndd tthhee
hhaannddllee,, ttuurrnniinngg aawwaayy,, mmyy aarrmm ffoolllloowwiinngg
mmyy aarrmm ttuurrnniinngg aawwaayy ffrroomm tthhee ffllaammee
tthhrroouugghh tthhee ffllaammee;;  aafftteerrwwaarrddss aafftteerr--
wwaarrddss II wwoouulldd ppoouurr wwaatteerr ppoouurriinngg ffrroomm
tthhee kkeettttllee aanndd tthhee kkeettttllee wwiitthh mmyy aarrmm
ffoolllloowwiinngg mmyy aarrmm,, tthhee wwaatteerr ppoouurriinngg iinn
wwaatteerr ppoouurriinngg iinn wwaatteerr ddoowwnn iinnttoo tthhee ccuupp
nneexxtt ttoo tthhee ccuupp iinn tthhee ccuupp;;  tthhee ccooffffeeee
aanndd ccooffffeeee sstteeaammiinngg,, ffoolllloowwiinngg tthhee
sstteeaammiinngg ffoolllloowwiinngg tthhee sstteeaammiinngg,, wwhhiillee
dduurriinngg wwhhiicchh AAhhhh AAhhhh II eecchhooeedd,, rreeppeeaattiinngg
mmyy mmoouutthh ffoolllloowwiinngg aanndd rreeppeeaattiinngg mmyy
mmoouutthh,, aa ddeelliicciioouuss bbrreeww..


