


Writing the Bad Text


I started writing the bad text by describing Nikuko's body as represented
in a three-dimensional image, a problem immediately in translation. I
needed term after term for bulbous, distended, pubescent, extravagant,
outlandish, globular, following the torus meshed, pulled out from the
shape, sloped into Nikuko's incandescent form. I continued, transforming
hard-s endings to -z, stars to starz, looking towards hacker/pop culture
Krazy Kat Kuntry Kitchen for deep in-spiring. I mauled the text, took it
bare-handed, caressing again that trite sexuality of seduction and sus-
pense; I mauled the text, advertising the image of Nikuko's body, and by
proxy, the images of her space, her mouth, her fingers, her bones -- hyp-
nagogic and literally unforgettable images, images of transforming beauty.
I repeatedly erred in the production of the text, using the display pro-
gram for insertions and rearrangements refuseing to accommodate the de-
construction of narrative and intensity that might have brought the reader
to his or her knees, oh gendered topography of Nikuko's body! I tried to
salvage the work by giving the URL after the date, one addressing space 
and the other time, as if a last resort to facticity would efface the rest 
of the failure. I saw the failure proceeding as a failure; now I wrote
this text, in the present, in the past, in order to negate the other, work
an astonishment of language, the wonder of newborn words from me to you. I
am utterly ashamed; my abjection is a defense, even though I feel I sul-
lied the display program itself by a failure to produce. Perhaps the fine
quality of the images themselves could only detract from the text; perhaps
the text was at the blue-jewel-nub of exhaustion. In any case, I'm sure
it's gone stillborn and missing; I won't fail at cauterization. What's re-
moved from the throat can only speak mechanically, like chattering teeth,
somewhere outside the range of human hearing. 09:18:1999:1:55:59 URLs:
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/bodi.gif (body)
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/nik.gif (mouth)
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/decon.gif (bones)
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/finger.jpg (fingers)
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/space.jpg (space)


