


The Club of the Linux Directory


ccd1h ccd2a ccd2b ccd2c ccd2d ccd2e ccd2f ccd2g ccd2h ccd3a ccd3b cd3c
cd3c ccd3d ccd3e ccd3f ccd3g ccd3h raid0a raid0b raid0c raid0d raid0e
raid0f raid0g raid0h raid1a raid1b raid1c raid1d raid1e raid1f raid1g
raid1h raid2a raid2b raid2c raid2d raid2e raid2f raid2g raid2h raid3a
raid3b raid3c raid3d raid3e raid3f raid3g random speaker speaker zero
bin Bin Five was the last location of Sally Darlene's body; she died
dev deviously, just as she lived, a case of possible murder, suicide,
etc etc~ Her husband Bob Gregory, fuming, circled the grounds; he was
fd fed up, musing~ He believed in the liberation movement, but not the
lib liberators themselves~ Sally hung out with Travis at the downtown
lost+found lost and found; Bob came in last Tuesday, only to find her
mnt mounting him in full view of the homeless shelter~ Proper police
proc procedure indicated he should not have acted alone and real angry,
root rooting for clues~ Mary came up; she was slightly tipsy, crying
sbin "'Sbin a long time, Bob, since we talked~" Bob had a ferocious
tmp temper, but he was close to solving things, although he was a real
usr user~ It was Mary, who else? Sally Darlene had cleaned her out in
var various ways; Mary was about to squeal, Sally blackmailed, said to
zip her mouth shut~ At the end of a long day, Bob Gregory could take
zz zz's, sleeping soundly, wifelessly; it was over, but so what? Who
~cared? These stories went round and round the clubhouse; Bob belonged
~to a group who acted them out, based on operating system directories~
~This one was DLX Linux, and Bob was proud of the result, although his
~beautiful wife Sally Darlene had to die for it~ Everything in Western
~culture revolved around the bodies of Sallies - everything, from the
~penetrations of hypertext to Bob G's magician sawing Mme. Darlene in
~two~ Sexuality was always transparent in the guise of procreation; the
~human Travis had toppled into his own superstructure~ The more words,
~the greater Bob's disguise; the disguise itself dipped and swerved as
~Mary suddenly appeared to wrap things up, and what excitement between
~them! I understood that Sally Darlene was literally "the body of the
~text," that she belonged within quotation or the parenthetical~ Still,
~Mary should have known better; one more day of Mary or Travis writing
~from directory, and Bob, too, would have to die~ aculog authlog cron
daemon~log daemon~log~0~gz daemon~log~1~gz daemon~log~2~gz daemon~log~
hello hi how are you there my name is Sally Darlene and I am dead~3~gz
messages~0~gz messages~1~gz messages~2~gz messages~3~gz messages~4~gz 
messages~5~gz morelogs namedlog notices notices~0~gz notices~1~gz my 
name is Bob Gregory and I am dead too.


