


Writing Despair 


( Notes for the Chat Conference October 3 on trAce at 7:00 am and 4:00 pm
New York time at http://trace.ntu.ac.uk )

" How do we write about despair, without despairing ourselves? How do we
write in the face of despair? What are the possibilities of writing in the
face of death or turmoil? How does the writer live? "

In despair the body is simultaneously ignored (I am a throwaway, I have
nothing to say) and at risk (eliminate this body, this body is a sign of
life). Writing despair writes around the body, a form of circumscription;
body and death can never be fully addressed, since they are necessarily
absent from the writing and its production. I write and read elsewhere
than the body; I produce outside of death. 

Death and body are symptoms of the limits of the text.

So to write (what may be) the last breath: to write with urgency. To write
with a clearing of history, of fields. To write the final revelation -
this is what I have always meant to say, this is what I have not been able
to say. 

But to write above or beyond despair - to foreclose despair, not with the
text or therapeutic, but as an object, a thing, which permits boundaries -
"here I am writing about the thing, despair."

To write the worst truth you can about yourself - no one can go farther -
no one can say worse. (To write yourself out of existence which is as well
to write yourself into existence.)

To write your own death warrant, also your pardon.

The same applies to the book, that other thing, that object, which replac-
es despair. One might think of both as partial-objects, between full and
replete growth of the self within the world, and absolute loss or loss 
within the "maternal matrix" - book and despair as shimmering objects of
foreclosing (we're finished with the world) and communication (these are
the feelings that have been shunted, that want expressing)...



