



cancer
 
Tue Oct  5 22:14:18 EDT 1999
now cancer will begin its journey in the arms of god arraignments while
cancer subsides and angels happy Tue Oct 5 22:22:54 EDT 1999 arraignments
during final assaults and angels dying Tue Oct 5 22:23:12 EDT 1999 let us
pray
 
Tue Oct  5 22:14:18 EDT 1999
in the truth of god the cancer enters the lung, from the truth of god 
the cancer hovers, now, as if it were forever Tue Oct 5 22:14:54 EDT 1999 
abandoned by god, the cancer thins towards ready exculpation, as if it
were gone, as if angels rejoiced, singing the home of abandoned cancer,
the purity of organs constituted Tue Oct 5 22:15:56 EDT 1999 now cancer
returns, approbated by god, as if god were speaking or speech or sound,
now cancer spreads to the adrenal, angels weep in full capacity against
the begging of the angels arrayed against god, now cancer seeps, spreads,
covers itself, makes excuses, ahem, begs foregiveness, meanders, wanders,
returns, burrows, ahem Tue Oct 5 22:18:00 EDT 1999 now cancer subsides,
angels rejoice, god withdraws, there is no justice in the world, suns
blacken, angels sing and play harps, cancer dwindles, eyes return their
bright and merry sight Tue Oct 5 22:18:39 EDT 1999 now breathing slows,
waves of cancer testing other newer waters, new metastases, solitons and
wavelets, ripples on surfaces unseen, god smiles wide and broad, angels
shudder holding on Tue Oct 5 22:19:30 EDT 1999 now cancer claims an other
organ, angels again weeping and wailing, shall there be no mercy, angels
crying and begging, god almost merry, cancer hems and haws, cancer close
to apologetic laughter Tue Oct 5 22:20:26 EDT 1999 now cancer will begin
its work within the arms of god, angels prepare for bier and mourning,
angels yet hopeful in the face of god's huges eyes Tue Oct 5 22:21:30 EDT
1999 smiling everywhere, yet other organs, uncanny stillness, strangeness
of beings of pure light arrayed against skin, bones, organs, god's beings
against angels wailing Tue Oct 5 22:22:39 EDT 1999 arraignments during
final assaults and angels dying Tue Oct 5 22:23:21 EDT 1999 let us pray
Tue Oct 5 22:23:22 EDT 1999

