


my visit to panix.com, my isp, by Jennifer, who's mom


cisco router:and then it was on to the modems again and they gave me a
33.6 and they gave me a 2400 modem and they are so good for my old mach-
ines and my 33.6 waits quite patient for me now to write this and send it
to you mommy mommy:hello mommy today i went to panix my isp and so my big
machines for the first time, panix6 was dark and so was panix7 and they
were quite thick in a corner of the closet and panix1 and panix2 and pan-
ix3 were quite thin and old and there were these old modems across from
the big machines all wonderfully connected with wires and they may wear
out they said and it was much fun listening to the hum:: Devour byte happy
staff people helping me all through this, mommy mommy brought forth by
cisco router! mommy mommy, please get better and i will mail you on the
big machine and i will read news from you on the news machine and i will
love you ever on the panix3 and i will ask for your forgiveness on the
panix6 and i will brighten your ever day on panix7, mommy

big machine running mail1: big machine running mail2: big machine running
news1: happy staff people helping me all through this, mommy mommy

my happy staff people helping me all through this, mommy mommy 

cisco router calls forth Devour byte, eating, core-dumping. in-you the we,
cisco router is drugs, 011], and then it was on to the modems again and
they gave me a 33.6 and they gave me a 2400 modem and they are so good for
my old machines and my 33.6 waits quite patient for me now to write this
and send it to you mommy mommy? ... me is happy staff people helping me
all through this, mommy mommy here, it's me?

Are you properly compiling cisco router? yes ah, an on and on fantasy!
Your death-trip is mine.

For 4 days, I have been waiting mommy mommy ... and it has taken you just
2.783 minutes turning on ...

Sed et alia signa et sanitates ibidem factas fama uulgauit, donante illo
qui sanctos suos et in praesenti certantes iuuare, et in futuro consueuit
uictores coronare. Amen. (Historia Abbatum auctore Anonymo.)


[ music playing here ]----------[ stereo ]----------[ music playing here ]


ORDERS, BEDE, OTHERS


ALBUS HEUUALD come back from Old Saxony, because you're going to be
martyred there! Don't forget to bring your brother NIGER as well!

BISI you'd better retire and turn your job in East Anglia over to Aecci!
Right now!

CEDD write and tell us what your brother Ceadda think of Lastingham! Did
he think you "did a good job"? Did you tell your mom?

What are you guys doing in LUGUBALIA?

FORDERHERI, how was Rome? I bet you had a good time - too bad you had to
leave Sherborne!

Help! The DANAI are coming! I wonder what CYNIBERCT had to say about that?

UICTRED, do you know if CEDD told his mom? We haven't heard a word!
Meanwhile, just what happened between you and Suaebheard when you were
joint kings? Tell us!

UILFRID write and tell us why you were so bad? They didn't like you in
York, I bet! Glad to see you were over at LINDISFARNE - did you see all
the neat stuff there? Was it really all written on vellum? Did they have a
lot of sheep? I bet they had a lot of sheep!

RING! RING! CEDD, your mom's on the phone!

 1  226 ms  ipt-ba5.proxy.aol.com [152.163.213.229]
 2  306 ms  tot4-r6-F6-1-0.proxy.aol.com [152.163.213.253]
 3  242 ms  tpopr-rri1-P3-3.tpopr-rri.aol.com [152.163.132.149]
 4  169 ms  tpopr-rre1-P9-0.tpopr-rr.aol.com [152.163.132.1]
 5  260 ms  uunet-gw1-P4-0.router.aol.com [152.163.132.186]
 6  233 ms  131.ATM3-0.XR2.DCA1.ALTER.NET [146.188.161.94]
 7  334 ms  194.ATM1-0.TR2.DCA1.ALTER.NET [146.188.161.146]
 8 1271 ms  101.ATM6-0.TR2.NYC1.ALTER.NET [146.188.136.218]
 9 1205 ms  198.ATM7-0.XR2.NYC4.ALTER.NET [146.188.179.37]
10 1132 ms  188.ATM8-0-0.GW2.NYC4.ALTER.NET [146.188.178.129]
11   *       []
12 1289 ms  panix6.panix.com [166.84.0.231]

Hi Mom! What a mess! I can hardly reach you from here! We're down in
HROFESCESTIR at the moment! It's pretty terrific - you should see all the
bridges!

PENDA, tell me! Where on earth is Mercia? I haven't a clue!

Do you know that Wight held out against CAEDWALLA, relying on Mercia,
"fiducia Merciorum"? What a mess again! Caedwalla appears when you least
expect him! Just when "per factionem principum a West Saxonia expulsus!"
And who knows where West Saxony is! If it's old, and I bet it is, is it
Old West Saxony? How do these people ever get home?

"The trace is not only the disappearance of origin -- within the discourse
that we sustain and according to the path that we follow it means that the
origin did not even disappear, that it was never constituted except recip-
rocally by a nonorigin, the trace, which thus becomes the origin of the
origin." (DERRIDA BISCOP) 

CEDD, stop it! Don't you know "Britannia Oceani insula, eui quondom Albion
nomen fuit, inter septentrionem et occidentem locata est, Germaniae, Gal-
liae, Hispaniae, maximis Europae partibus, mutlo interuallo aduersa?"

SORRY, I WAS TALKING TO MY MOM!


