


deaths in storms


i am afraid of death; it haunts me, has haunted me for years; i'm not af-
raid of taking my own life, not at all--but of death this great fear, this
fear so great i cannot write coherently about it, cannot add polish to the
style; it takes me over in the form of nightmares; i have only two decades
left to live, watching my mind deteriorate; i am hysterically fearful of
being left behind; i want to see more of the world--it's not the pain but
the absence, knowing the last gesture; this isn't an emotion but a synd-
rome as death watches me; i've been miserably unhappy all my life as a re-
sult; i'm a coward, i can't think straight; i'm violently afraid of viol-
ence, of the pain of violence; i don't know a moment's peace; it's a
struggle to breathe in the morning; i get repeated headaches; i feel unut-
terable loss constantly; my life is filled with regrets as far back as i
can remember; i'm suspicious of momentary happiness; i see nothing but the
gateway to annihilation; my writing is underpinned by decay and disappear-
ance; i rage against acquiescence; i have no belief in reincarnation or
afterlife; absence characterizes existence, stains it; i try through sexu-
al abjection to forget myself, bury myself first; i have no stake in my
death--no one does; it is a great vacuum tearing me apart; it grabs my
mind, my brain, creates fevers; it controls my words as i write them, as
if there were bones clawing and severing the fingers of my hands; dreams
carry on where daylight leaves off; daylight reconfirms the worst of the
horrors; this is my ordinary existence; there is no answer to anything but
the simplest of questions--daily, i face my own failure in this regard--
knowing that i am an imposter, waiting to be found out; i see others more
or less calm, there's no calm for me; my dreams have severed limbs, storms
and tornados, buildings toppled, buses veering off wet cliffs down to the
shore rocks below--drowning, i try to claw my way out, the water's too
great, i can't breathe, the inconsolable wetness of lungs, everything com-
ing to an end, we're upside-down; i'm a coward, i've always been a coward;
i'm afraid of the tiniest thing, storms get to me; i pretend to be brave,
that's all, it's easy in safe situations; the storm--not the storm really,
the careening bus, it's the bus that brings it to the surface as it crash-
es down, coming to pieces on the rocks, ending in deep water, above the
roof, it's all turned awry, you can't tell left from right, up from down,
i'm drowning again, it's all this repetition; i'm feverish, can hardly see
the world, whatever's churning


