


On Number-Systems


"And reading Knuth on number-base systems which include, for example a
ternary system with +1, -1, and 0 as the symbols. Such systems can absorb
the positive and negative numbers; there are others, such as ones based on
2i, that can absorb the complex number system as well (i.e. a single num-
ber of the form ax^n + bx^(n-1) ... +dx^1 +e). This is an amazing economy
of means. The book is my favorite in the Knuth programming series - the
volume on Seminumerical Algorithms - since it goes into the construct of
arithmetic processes and algorithms we all take for granted. In my own
work, I've always been fascinated by the possibility of base-1 and base-
infinity systems; in the former, of course, addition becomes concatena-
tion, and in the latter, the addition of any two unique symbols results in
a third, i.e. J + K = L. There's an easy translation from the decimal sys-
tem; say 25 * 26 = 650 - one would just look up within the infinite multi-
plication table, [25] and [26] and see [650] where the [x] represents the
unique symbol. One goes from algorithms to infinite memorization or look-
up. The phenomenology of this is really interesting, I think. For multip-
lication with base-1, one returns again to concatenation, for example 1111
* 111 = 111 111 111 111 which is the same as 4 * 3 = 12. There's nothing
to learn in terms of memorization or lookup tables here; there's nothing
to look up or memorize. Think of this as an infinite abacus of sticks
placed in a single row; one moves from base-infinity with its pure economy
of place and infinite symbols, to base-one with its pure economy of symbol
and infinite place. This material is fascinating; it says something about
the stability of the world itself, the Aristotelian logic at the heart of
the almost-disconnected plateau of the life-world. I wrote years ago ex-
tensively on such phenomenologies; it's great to see the structures them-
selves in Knuth."* To place sticks in the row, letters in a row, one
counts (literally) on the stability of place and demarcation - _these_
sticks are counted - _those_ remain unaccounted-for and uncounted. The
sticks need not be in a row; there's no need for geometry, positioning,
since what one is concerned with is the pure quantity of sticks, not a
positional relationship. Interestingly, positionality also disappears with
base-infinity, since every operation and quantity involves only _one_ pos-
ition. In The Matrix, there is considerable discussion about "who is the
One" - in base-one, everyone is, and in base-infinity, whatever is _there_
is the one.

What is going on here? On one hand, with base-one, there is the fact and
phenomenology of _substance_ and the quantifiability and stability of the
world; on the other, with base-infinity, there is the problematic of the
proper name in the Kripkean sense of rigid designator. In the former,
names shift towards processes; in the latter, processes harden as names.

One might also consider issues of perception: exactly what constitutes a
stick or a symbol? Could, for example, two trees represent 2541 and 1734,
a third representing 2541^1734 base-infinity? Is all of nature, in fact,
the mathematics of base-infinity write large? At the other end, what might
one say about typification, standardization: What constitutes a stick and
what doesn't? Sticks are related to tallying, of course; they are indexi-
cal in relation to the quantification of the real, a one-to-one relation-
ship with other physical objects. On the other hand one might consider the
base-infinity symbols both symbolic (standing-for quantity as proper names
or summarizations) and "quasi-ikonic," the coagulation of quantity itself
as unary.

And there are issues of memory: _Where_ is the place of counting - which
sticks have already been marked, which remain unmarked? This depends not
only on the stability of place, but our knowledge of place as well. Since
base-infinity relies on individuated symbols, place, even the place of
_announcement,_ becomes less relevant; memory of place is replaced by
symbol memory: 2541^1734 = [2541^1734]

Between base-one and base-infinity, the structure and variety of the world
appear - not the infinite and obdurate variety of base-infinity, nor the
pure quantifications of base-one, but gatherings, foreclosings, metaphors
and metonymies. It's at the limits that nature becomes simultaneously mute
and revelatory; in-between it's all culture and our image writ large,
rubbed against the structure of the world.

Word:  re-ers
Guess:
Sorry, the word was "refers"
Another word?

*from http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/diary/diary.txt.


