


the great codon and the dance of kings and queens


this is the dance of kings and queens to be solemnly spoken as significant
form: 

p'ugoo oo 'oo uvuepoo pusfoo eboo deoo w`weaefboo wuttuboo vbabeacoo tvuoo
d ecoo boo euvfoo pdudoo uaoo wgewoo wufoo adadeteudoo aeagaoo uoo tediv-
too coo pediv tguewoo aweeducubvruegueoo wcoo wudfeoo wbaeoo fcoo oo aoo
foo bewoo e'eaedoo e

writing the desire of the world, so vulnerable, so accessible, and how may
it be spoken or sung, how may it be written. we who dance the dance of
kings and queens are reminded for all time of the fullness of despair, of
the brilliant satiation of unfulled desire, the beautiful movements of the
transparency of code. so begin, in all earnestness, with these syllables
of magic and atmosphere, interpreting the dance of kings and queens, and
comprehending the great codon of our lives.

for the dance is a royal dance, carried out in slow and delicate measure,
and how beautiful it is, the participants dressed to their finest, their
silk sleeves and lower garments showing through with thrilling sheen. be-
neath the firelight torches soft skin glistens as well in stately move-
ment, the long hair of the queens swaying softly, the felt hats of the
kings bowed in low obeisance. the very signs and symbols of our lives are
wonderfully presented, and the spectacle, seen from early childhood on,
remains with one throughout her entire life. all participate in such de-
light, and we are thankful for our tongues of beauty, our mouths of great
finesse, our lips of perfect pleasure, that we can murmur the syllables of
the great codon, for ourselves and our descendents.


