


o o

thinking  f   i think  f a h le in the gr und in y u in me in the text.  
t day i did self-cens r after feeling cens red, having fielded a request
t  rem ve my w rk fr m a c llab rative site. it was explicit transf rmed
images, it was images, the w rk was a singular, it was the descripti n  f
c l rs in relati n t  interc urse fractally transf rmed, splayed acr ss
the b dy  r cut / inscribed,  r appearing t  be inscribed in the b dy.
what  f this, this is  nly news, n t  f great interest. there is a back-
gr und pan rama  f c untryside, yes, i was reacting t  this, imagining the
hanging  f children and w men, the hangings  f dissidents, the vi lence in
every c untryside that is settled and humanized. and i wanted t  burr w
beneath the gr und int  thickets and h ll ws and fuck crazy there, turning
my b dy inside- ut with azure's, t p l gically entwined, alm st murder us
fits am ng  utselves in the seepings  f the black earth and shad ws  f
 vergr wn trees and limbs cragged, encrusting the gr und. 

we stumble among the roots, twigs scratch us and cut us open, we grab each
other bleeding, our lips are torn, azure's breasts, my cock covered with
thorns, we're screeching beneath the surface, grabbing at o's, reinserting
them everywhere in the text, we can smell the fecund earth reproducing,
seeds growing, stems thick with syrup thrusting their leaves into our eyes
and mouths, we can't see anything, the scent is so thick.

flash flash go the images then churned and exploding across our bodies and
all colors in the glorious light and i make beauty-photographs and place
them lovingly in wonder-directory where they are desecrated and misunder-
stood WAAH WAAH! and i take my images and hide them in me and take them
away from all the people and place them on my eyes and no one can see them
and they're all i have in this great world and we scuttle back into the
undergrowth and bury the images in the black earth and we grapple each
other and there is sap pouring from our mouths


