



Lecture: Natural Kinds

 
Sat Nov 6 01:07:18 EST 1999 first off, I thought of a single node with
numerous links; only one was connected, as if the others were absorbed in
it. the centrality of it, the vulnerability of the other nodes, this was a
misrecognition. i would have diagrammed this, a shimmering of the real in
which each entity is affected. Sat Nov 6 01:08:29 EST 1999 further, it had
to do with natural kinds; the question came literally to mind - is a
"natural kind" a natural kind? what sort of universals occur? for example,
think of water. Sat Nov 6 01:09:24 EST 1999 I then went to think of water.
there are names in every language, in all possible worlds, but they are
tied to water, water then remaining at the node, the shimmering of the
forms, and connectivities, node to pointer of the proper name, but this
seems insufficient. why so inefficient? let's say it has to do with data
storage, a kind of stability generated. I'd lecture on this, improvise,
continue, go ahead with all the ramifications. in my imagination, I
pictured the audience, myself pacing back and forth on the stage, gravity
taken for granted. Sat Nov 6 01:11:25 EST 1999 because the style of the
world is that it remains, its obdurate nature, that things remain
sufficiently in place for life to promulgate, memory to use devices. the
subtexts of the devices are the encodings of the real, which are stable.
it goes back, all of it, to non-equilibrium thermodynamics on ultra-fast
time-scales from within. it goes back as well to nearly-decomposable
hierarchies of the real, the impossibly slow decay, if any, of the proton,
the relative emptiness of space, our planetary luck with our collisions.
Sat Nov 6 01:13:02 EST 1999 more than that, the node as generator - all
those names. or as if the node itself generated the names, locale after
locale, their interdependencies and modification occurring on a
superstructural level, but always already connected to the real. that's
the inherent tendency of language, always - towards the real. Sat Nov 6
01:14:07 EST 1999 language of the real and towards the real; it's not
disconnect, but connect so tightly that it literally becomes unimaginable.
language and the real bound, not through parallelisms or empathies, but
through natural kinds based on hyperstable tendencies of the universe as a
whole. Sat Nov 6 01:14:59 EST 1999 fading from culture is fading from
language, returning from culture is returning from language. where the
returning or fading transforms, what teleologies, what places or spaces,
is unsolvable - there is no solution, just as there are no places and
spaces as such. Sat Nov 6 01:17:06 EST 1999 the solution is in the absence
of the solution, in spite of which, worlds work away, as with the three-
body problem - the world works, no matter the mathesis, which in our eyes,
follows suit. Sat Nov 6 01:17:33 EST 1999 the descriptions are non-imagin-
ary, unimaginable.Sat Nov 6 01:18:36 EST 1999 Sat Nov 6 01:18:36 EST 1999

Sat Nov 6 01:07:18 EST 1999 one that is realized, sensory bandwidths and
relativisms become more and less important. less important, since techno-
logical or linguistic extensions are literally that, on the deepest imag-
inable level. more important, since the relativisms point to superstruc-
turality in need of deconstruction, which can never be completed; every-
thing is equally always already in a state of fading from culture. go
where no one has ever gone before, to the deepest couplings and linkages
of the world. then you might lose your grips on natural language, as you
slip towards natural kinds. Sat Nov 6 01:18:09 EST 1999 the descriptions
are non-imaginary, unimaginable.Sat Nov 6 01:18:27 EST 1999

enifebcalc occeb? fob eham`le, 99 I dhen fend d. dhebe abe namec in efebi
came lideballi do mind - ic a "nadebal kind" a nadebal kind? fhad cobd of
6 01:08:29 EST 1999 febdheb, id had do do fidh nadebal kindc; dhe aeecdion
foeld hafe diafbammed dhic, a chimmebinf of dhe beal in h each endidi icof
of id, dhe felnebabilidi of dhe odheb nodec, dhic fac a micbecofnidion. i
one fac connecded, ac if dhe odhebc febe abcobbed in id. dhe cendbalidi
hoefhd of a cinfeboec linkc; onli


