

the russian ballet dancer nikuko states her case


i am nikuko, tell me, nikuko, about your self in the silence of my ques-
tions and the murmurs of your answers

i am nikuko, i am a ballet dancer. i wear a lovely tutu and i love to rise
into the air

when i rise into the air my head swells and fills all heavens like a mon-
goloid idiot

my love alan comes and takes me from nijinsky's arms, he's an idiot too

alan does a perfect cabriole and my heart sways in time to his inner music
and it is so very beautiful it takes my breathing far away from me and i
swoon, sometimes falling to the ground in ecstasy

he will play with the edge of my tutu's fifth and outer layer, moving
slowly in across the ruffles until he reaches my innermost thigh. he is
pure instinct, his thinking absurd, his hands the measure of any delicacy

my body opens, petal after petal, ruffle after ruffle, until i am exposed
to him and audience, his naked flesh hovering in perfect cabriole, in warm
damp air

if i had a gun, i would end my ecstasy, i would return sigh to sigh, 
breath to breath, i would be alan, knowing pure flight, as i rise up,
above my slippers, above the flooring and the eyes of the ambassador

the ambassador would clothe me, take me from the boards of the stage and
make me his very own. but i am lighter and more ecstatic than air, and my
rising is rising forever, and there are halos in ice-crystal clouds around
my tresses, my eyes opened to the sun and moon

nikuko has come to speak to nikuko, nikuko who is not there, hearing my
thoughts rustling along the bones of my cheeks, the tendons of my neck,
the muscles of my back and legs, the tendons of my feet and toes, and air,
so pure air

watching alan at his perfect cabriole makes me yearn and cry, watching
nijinsky reach the heights of his profession fills me with tears

alan in his perfect cabriole, his body touching his body at the height of
the leap, staying taut and there forever

nijinksy in his pirouettes, his neurotic body twisting, nijinsky will have
none of me, i will have none of him

above nijinsky, i will rise, beneath alan, i will serve, i am a female, my
rising limited by my perfectly formed tendons

my perfectly formed tendons touch my perfectly formed legs and calves, my
thighs beyond perfection my waist beyond comparison, my breasts and neck
exhilarating, my face shining with the light of pure air

my body unfolds like petals, there are girls in me, girls speaking through
my mouths, girls listening through my ears; there are girls searching
through my eyes, girls dancing through my legs, girls everywhere in ecs-
tasy

i will rise up before you and i will rise up before you and there will be
no understanding and no thought and the world will be white milk and yel-
low light and halos in skies of crystal and eternal day

