


"loose ends"


"my shameful eyes, the Leopold"

"my shameful eyes, the dead eyes roiling me on your spike, always that
spike again, tired of eating, swallowing, of the whole thing, in a hurry
before I die.:yes sure, whatever, eating each other, it's the stuff of
typography, what makes lead, what poisons the body, you wouldn't know
that:when i'm running it's crazy, my head presses into my toes:death of
birth:denouement of life Does when I'm running it's crazy, my head presses
into my toes turn Azure, my shameful eyes, the dead eyes roiling me on
your spike, always that spike again, tired of eating, swallowing, of the
whole thing, in a hurry before I die., to you? last_fuck with hours of
sexual fury!"

"!"

"Elsewhere, I've removed the exclamation mark from a point within a text,
calming everything down. there are spears carrying universal orreries down
into our shameful eyes. I want things calm, flat, the whole world smoothed
and healed, spikes as well. no lead typography or dead trees. thinking in
very many streams, flowing without ripples, sheen."

"Nikuko and Doctor Leopold Konninger"

"Last night I dreamed of famous Russian ballet dancer Nikuko still slowly
pirouetting before Doctor Leopold Konninger, the two locked in mutual
fascination, obsession, to the exclusion of everything else. An orrery,
impenetrable, the body writing itself into space, turning on the wood of
trees - the Other, seated, upon the same."

"I don't"

"I don't want to murder anyone's words.:silence anyone. :I don't want to:I
don't want murder or death.:I don't want to murder anyone's words. Come
with me, I don't want to murder anyone's words., Doctor Leopold Konninger!
dark eyes and blind shamefulness:so yes, through my eyes, your spike I
cannot see alas:so very shameful eyes:your doing with me:your taking me
Come with me, dark eyes and blind shamefulness, Doctor Leopold Konninger!"


