
                  

Bending, - Stooping!, Tlingit, Konninger


"A man at Auk went on the lake after firewood. On the way round it he saw
a woman floating about. Her hair was long. Looking at her for some time,
he saw that her little ones were with her. He took one of the children
home. When it became dark they went to sleep. It was the child of the
L!enAxxidAq, and that night it went through the town picking out people's
eyes. Toward morning a certain woman bore a child. In the morning, when
she was getting up, this [the L!enAxxidAq's child] came in to her into the
house. The small boy had a big belly full of eyes. He had taken out the
eyes of all the people. The woman to whom the small boy came had a cane.
He kept pointing at her eyes. Then she pushed him away with the cane. When
he had done it twice, she pushed it into him. He was all full of eyes.
After she had killed him the woman went through the houses. Then she began
to dress herself up. She took her child up on her back to start wandering.
She said, 'I am going to be the L!enAxxidAq.' When she came down on the
beach she kept eating mussels. She put the shells inside of one another.
As she walks along she nurses her little child."

(Swanton, Tlin- oing beaut iful movi ng maelst rom perso ab Konninger gjen
niefer goin ot danc tr leopold konni ngr kno stat tel fac tinus danc Konn-
inger russian ques goloid nijinsky's git Myths and Texts, #94.)

What have we here. We have a MOTHER and an abducted CHILD who eats eyes. A
second WOMAN may become the MOTHER after killing the CHILD. A second
CHILD, of the woman, completes the transaction, and one must never forget
MUSSELS look like EYES, said Doctor Leopold Konninger. Consider this the
Devolution of NIKUKO, the beautiful Russian ballet dancer, who continues
day and night after night and day to pirouette for him. She flickers in
and out, her pirouettes brilliant coiled energy; it is this energy which
creates the mutations and transformations that fascinate him. Doctor Leo-
pold Konninger imagines Nikuko gathering eyes, bending - stooping! - for
mussels; he is enraptured by the twists and deformations of her tutu as
she steps into the tidal pools of Swanton enAxxidAq mornig enAxxidAq's
dering enAxxidAq Swanton Tlin ab transac pold Konninger flickers pirou-
ettes Konninger his imagination, "Did NIKUKO return his eyes?"

( "steps gingerly into the pools, bending, stooping! - stooping! - gath-
ers sea-mussels, her eyes fixed, she's never dizzy, the slight scent of
sea-water" )


