


            <objecta>                     
                                       <littleobjecta>
               \
                \________[coupling]________/         {forgotten space}
                              |
                         <objectb>
 
A coupling is defined as (a,b,c); if a -> a', then (a,b,c) -> (a',b,c)
as opposed to a linkage in which if a -> a', then (a,b,c) -> (a',b',c').
In forgotten space, objects are combined as couplings or concatenations
without an intrinsic linking. Forgotten space is neither matrix nor con-
tainer/chora; it is the of-jostling, nothing more nor less. Think of the
spacings of multimedia objects.

A coupling in this regard may be considered a generated perceptual group-
ing of relatively well-defined objects. An object is defined as a rupture
or insertion into forgotten space. An object is also a skein of bits and
bytes, ranging from the performative to static files. The former is al-
ways triply encoded; the latter, more often than not doubly encoded. Text-
ual insertions into forgotten space (i.e. ascii text) activate the space, 
i.e. it becomes gotten space, the sheet of assertion or subtextual matrix
of structure 'holding' the ascii in place. Movement in dhtml across for-
gotten space is in relation to the screen or object boundaries; the space
itself carries no distinction.

Or perhaps the space, like the phallic masquerade itself, assume identi-
ties, forgetfulness taking on the characteristics of the current diegetic
in relation to the viewer's dialogic - in which case, one might well turn
away in disgust, there's no hope for it. Still, I wouldn't call it a space
of potential, it's there, forgotten, stillborn in relation to the objects
contained - in fact, it's charted, mobilized, for their location in terms
of window percentage (30% vertical say) or pixels (400 horizontal say).

The charting is for them; they're tracked across the forgotten space. Any
landmark is charted as well; there is the forgotten space, and the chart-
ing of the landmarks. And there is nothing else, the forgotten space hard-
ly nomadic, on the verge of presence, neither shifting nor present.

The image is of the gotten space, always of such. Everything is coupled
within the image.


