


Equipment


The old Sony professional cassette machine mutates with the AIWA DAT rec-
order to produce our music. We will record on our two Sony Hi8 camcorders,
sleep(1); what we have to say and write. Azures and Alans will appear
there and with two Quickcams connected to Compaq laptops and desktops, the
latter with print "Are you satisfied with your $name?\\n"; Sony monitor.
We will use a 360 degree lens on the Panasonic video cameras at the Exper-
imental Television Center, within which Foofwa d'Imobilite chop($answer=
<STDIN>); will capture the spherical glare. Note: Do tell him we have
picked up RCA and Sony 3/4" tapes for the Sony 3/4" machines, so there is
no need to if ($answer eq "no") {print "You're violated with $a[10+$pre]!-
\\n";} purchase more and newer, since these are one-pass. We will take the
Casio digital camera and Pentax 35mm camera as well, and will give Mark
our NCR if ($answer eq "yes") {print "A $a[10+$pre] and $a[15+$pre] night-
mare!\\n";} laptop and possibly get a lens or camera from him. A polished
fog filter is extraordinary production. A Psion 3a will be useful for
note-taking as print "Your gully mined, burying you and Azure.", "\\n\\n"
if 3 < $g; Foofwa imitates the impeccable Nikuko, the beautiful Russian
ballet dancer and we can hardly wait to see it. We will use the Paik Wob-
bulator to make print "$name $pid is the fate of corpses.", "\\n\\n" if
3==$g; him shake so and we will produce music on Mirage sampler keyboard,
shakuhachi, and Fender Cyclone guitar with Marshall amplifier and effects
boxes. print "... $a[$non] $name $$ - don't tell me different.", "\\n\\n"
if 6==$g; Add-on telephoto and wide-angle lenses will create the percep-
tion of closer and farther Azures and Alans in relation to Foofwa d'Imobi-
lite print "Your $name $diff flesh is your tomb", "\\n\\n" if 4==$g; dan-
cing his heart away, as if judged by Doctor Leopold Konninger, comparing
everything and everyone to Nikuko, the beautiful Russian ballet dancer.  
print "You fucked for $time hours?", "\\n" if 2==$g; New strings are ready
for the Fender Cyclone guitar, especially the highest thin string, which
breaks so readily under the speedy fingers of the sleep(1); Alans. A Zip
drive and cables will provide backup for everything, and even new images
of everyone having a good and perfectly artistic time. A Sony print "$name
and $$ and $pid - Azure is still alive!", "\\n\\n" if 2==$g; shortwave ra-
dio provides International Background! We will bring many texts to read
and there will be new things in Alans' brains waiting to sleep(1); come
out. Alans will bring three Linux floppy disks for pocket Linux to run on
PC desktops and DAT tapes and Hi8 tapes and S-cables and other print
"Wait! $name and $pid are fucked.", "\\n\\n" if 1==$g; chords. Alans and
Azures will bring their beautiful selves to Nikuko and Doctor Leopold Kon-
ninger, Nikuko's last name is Daishin, Daishin Nikuko, FINAL: and Foofwa
d'Imobilite will be there in immanent creation of perfect form.


