


Note on forgotten space -

Let us talk about the _forgotten space,_ the space between the object and
the frame, the space neither of containment nor the intensity of edges.
It is this space which shimmers, always present, even if driven to the
suicide of the line as the object fills the frame - it is this space
which is the true screen, never present, an inexplicable absence, were it
to be named. If the dream screen is presumed always to background, this
forgotten space is _neither here nor there,_ but virtual, in the sense of
the virtual particles of the vacuum. Its presence is its annihilation; it
is most likely white or black, perfect absorption, perfection emission. I
place this screen certainly the side of the analytic; it is just as like
ly to exist as a token for the diffused or exhausted, the turbulent. Nei-
ther the matrix out of which the symbolic object arises, nor the symbolic
itself - neither the chorus of indecipherable languages nor the chora it-
self, the forgotten space is always already named, discarded, the origin
of /dev/null to which useless output is ascribed. So to talk about this
space is that which is most natural in the world, since it is the space
of the object's jostling within or among places, spaces, others. One
might say it gives birth to the burden of the proper name, and measurab-
le, it is of no size whatsoever. Before you look at the matrix of media,
look at the forgotten spaces, which make or break inhabitations - and the
more forgotten, the better. 


