


Editorial


Humans have always desired the sculpting and illuminating ray that is
capable of cutting perfectly through enemy territory, carrying the victor
along its trajectory. But our rays are noisy and corrupting; radiation
sloughs skins everywhere, out of control; pollution sends tumors and can-
cers raking through entire populations; guns spray random bullets into
unsuspecting crowds. We believe in brilliant red and yellow power strokes
or force-fields; then we create lasers that run into the obdurate inertia
of the real - heating, absorbing, reflecting.

We believe in flight by caped invincible transforms of the human; we find
our aircraft unbearably heavy, the potential of fragile coffins, cracked
by the slightest jarring.

All and everywhere, we run into the stolidity of the real; our attempts at
purity are dirtied, soiled, by abject infiltration. Our dreams are fascist
- of perfect power and cleanliness, of functional empathetic shamanism and
nuclear families eternally glued together; we ignore or downplay the real-
ity of disagreement, disagreeableness. Whatever is unaccountable or unac-
counted-for immediately turns into an attack on science, on rationality,
as if ancient forces are waiting in the wings for technologies to just go
away.

We are desperate to become anime heros, to draw a pentagram in the air and
watch something _happen._ Our dreams are of actions and times at distances
- with no intermediary, with the potential for full regression. Eternity
appears to loom in every direction. The reality is the blemish on the skin
and the ravages of age; the reality is the frailty of the body against a
bullet or falling brick; and the reality is a pentagram drawn in the air,
the fingers desperate to make meaning, the mind at total loss, angry and
already making detours.

