


Anglo-Saxon Interjections!

1. Eala laece! gehael the-sylfne. 2. La thu liccetere! 3. La freond! 4.
Wel, la, men, wel! 5. Thaet, la, waes faeger! 6. La thus! 7. Hwaet is
that, la! 8. La, hu oft! 9. Wea-la-wa! 10. La naeddrena cyn! 11. La 
lythra theowa! 12. Eala, hu neara! 13. Wa eow Fariseum! 14. Eala dohtra
Hierusalem! 15. Wa-la-wa, thaet aenig man sceolde modigan swa! 16. Wa is
me! 17. Wa tham men! 18. Wa-la-wa, thaet is sarlic! 19. Ealla, hu egeslic
theos stow ys! (Klipstein, Analecta Anglo-Saxonica, 1849.)

Oh doctor, get better, heal thyself! There, there, doctor, you're a good
friend! Well, o men, well! Lack a day, let's get started at the brew!
There, that was fair, that's better. Tastes good! O this is terrific!
What's that there, oh no! Oh, we're drinking much to much. Well a day! Oh
vipers and things, how awful! No, that's in your beer! The thane's getting
drunk, he's awfully narrow! Even the Pharisees say so, so woe to them! The
poor daughters of Jerusalem! Now the thane's really drunk! What's a thane!
Well, he's getting awfully angry! You mean he's full of awe! He's a thane!
Woe is me, and woe to him and woe that's really sad, I mean surely surly,
sad, what a mess! Stop drinking like an Anglo-Saxon! What a thane! God,
this is a really awful place! You mean the place is full of awe! Stop
talking nonsense! Call the doctor! Oh, he's busy over there, let him
alone! Bring another tub! There's lard in it! What the hell! Woe is me,
let's get so drunk we don't notice the lard! That's good, I don't notice
the lard! Well a day, there's no two ways about it! You're a snake! No,
you're a snake! No you're a snake! You're an awful snake! You mean the
snake is full of awe! Even the Pharisees are better than that! What's with
the thane! Let's get the daughters of Jerusalem drunk! That's sick! No,
it's fun! No, it's really awful! Why are the daughters of Jerusalem full
of awe! Oh, shut up! No, you shut up! No, you shut up! What a mess!


