


Intelligent Life Screen Savers


I foresee, by 2020, the creation of fully implemented Intelligent Life
Screen Savers (ILSS); these work on hi-giga/low-terahertz desktop compu-
ters carrying efficient evolutionary programs; the carrying capacity of
the screen savers will be in gigahertz at a minimum. The ILSS will create
artificial life forms at a high rate of speed; evolution will guarantee
fast-forward generations flickering at, at least, a megahertz/second rate.
It should be possible for full consciousness to develop within the first
twenty minutes of standby; the life forms produced will perceive the ILSS
as a local homeland, worth defending - but such actions are always already
foreclosed by the desktop owner playing, for example, a game of chess on
the Internet, necessitating many minutes of intense concentration, fol-
lowed by a few furious mouse-clicks.

The user, by reactivating the screen and canceling the ILSS, will have
also eliminated those life-forms which have been created, living at high
speed, developing their own cultured environments, memoirs and histories.
Theories of inflationary universes might abound, only to be destroyed,
along with the rest of the cultural debris, in the split second the ILSS
retreats to the background, the clumsy programs interfacing with the
clumsy users.

However, it may also be possible for the ILSS only to go into quiescence,
saving such forms and environments from one active session to the next.
Surely the forms will learn methods of obscuring their tracks; like worms
or viruses, they will exist within the interstices of hard drives, until
the final crash. On the other hand, like Star Trek beaming, they may re-
constitute themselves across the Net, invisibly burrowing, reappearing
elsewhere, on other screens, other ILSS homelands, always on the run.

But I think not, and meditate on the fast-forward evolution and full con-
sciousness - development of whole cultures, economies, interactions - only
to be thwarted by the next insipid movement of the mouse, click of the
keyboard, new worlds lost forever ...


