


clothes and truths


in this world we don't need clothes. in this world we're invisible and our
skins are invisible. in this world we don't need skins, so we need clothes
so that you can see us. i say these things all the time with mouths you
don't hear and voices that don't make words across the screen. for example
this is coming to you live, pitched way above the human sense of touch and
you can't hear it, and i can't reach you. but we're invisible and i'm
breathing down your neck. i can see your skin through anything you place
in the way of clothes. this is an exciting place. you have never answered
to yourself, what is sight. you're content with placement and the very
form of meaning. here's the truth about you, the world of commas,

you hate yourself, you can't look at yourself in a mirror, secretly, you
think you're brilliant, but you're a prisoner of your awkwardness, you
know people despise you, you know those few who love your work find you a
caricature, you've known all along you're considered blemished, if you're
considered at all, you're barred from distributions, you're considered to
write too much, produce too much, secretly, you desire an editor, more
than that, someone to save you, your work, you know there's no salvation,
sometimes you just wish for everything to end, you feel, even more secret-
ly, your work will be valued, finally, when you're dead, when people no
longer have to deal with you.

thank you, i know you have invisible skins. i know you are saying these
things to me, although i cannot hear you, and there is no way at all for
you to communicate with me. a line drawn here is not even a line drawn
there. here and there are not in the same realms; we are otherwise for
each other. i can't see your skin at all, and you can't see mine, and we
are fictions of the real. i don't hear voices, a world of sentences.


