


Of a Dreme

"So forth they started in the bright sunlight, from Nottingham Town to
Fosse Way and thence to Watling Street;" which as everyone knows was sunny
in Roman Times, still retaining the sense of the old Flagstones when Robin
and his Merry Men rode against the Sheriff who foretold his Niece, Marion,
that doom would come to them, and so they did, and he did, as she did lis-
ten, and they did, as the street. Will Stutly doth disappear, a momentary
lapse, from such a narrative as having been caught by the Sheriff's Own,
and thus, as such, he did sit while Robin doth occupied central stage. So
during this time, Will doth manage to meander a pace to one side, askew,
behind the trees where the gaol was wont to be, there beholding, however
not on naked ground, a strange Manne there was a-watching a woman in a
great pink dress a-whirling. What manner of Manne doth this be, thought
Wille, of consternation, not for a moment his eyen keene to remove in
suche a sweven from the nakkid breasts of the woman, for whom no attention
was too mickle or too littel. Soon he did notyce a platform & up-pon it
syche a manne as he dydde see with his owne eyen, of a different ordre, it
were. A leman walketh bye to be herde no more. What of this couple, sayde
Wille to him selfe, with nary a wonne to heare. Who did cometh, of what
saye ye, now thenne. He ys a clerke, sayde he. Hwat sayeth tha manne, of 
whatte is that a fundament? The leman doth heare, the clerke looking and
lyking the womanne. Such she wys. A swevening, thought Wille, theye were
there stille. 


