


Parable


How the snail got its shell. Nikuko pared her toenails, and a slug, ever-
fearful of death, crawled into one of the cuttings. Why the bamboo grows
so straight. Of all the plants, the bamboo first avoided the cycles of
rebirth by least inhabiting the world. Nikuko rewarded it by allowing it
grow the fastest towards the heavens (i.e. a straight line is the shortest
distance between two points). Why water flows downhill. Nikuko made the
reflection of water one of the three gifts, in the form of a mirror. In
order to reflect, water had to fill the land (i.e. flow downhill into
hollows). How the torii originated. Nikuko instructed a prince to build a
bridge that went everywhere and nowhere at once. Why birds fly. Nikuko
needed messengers to Izanagi. Why men are taller than women. One day Niku-
ko was asked what the greatest blessing would be. To see beneath the surf-
ace of things, she replied. Why there are births and rebirths. Once Nikuko
fell asleep, tired from the creation of beings and souls. She said to Iza-
nagi, perhaps there are too many, or perhaps there are still not enough.
Izanagi replied, let them find out for themselves. Why bees make honey. In
order to chant the Amidah in the winter. Why men fight. One day Izanagi
said to Nikuko, there are too many of them, and they take too long to die.
Why flowers open in the summer. To hear the bees chant Amidah. Why the
shamisen took so long to enter the floating world. It took that long to
steal three strands of hair from Nikuko for the strings; that is why the
shamisen plays music no one can resist (i.e. the strings tie up the man in
knots).


