




Machine-19e


Renan-Machine

Seminary to Spiritual Crisis to the future of science to the history of
religion and the lover of ideas through 1892

Taine-Machine

The young philosopher through literary critique through critique of art 
to moral crisis to historian through 1893

Baudelaire-Machine

His mother's remarrying through the solitary child through the Parisian
bohemian through the man of letters through 1867

Rimbaud-Machine

The child-prodigy through the visionary poet to renouncing all literary
activity to the adventurer through 1891

Hugo-Machine

The sublime child through the romantic chef to the sonorous echo through
the death of Leopoldine to the political man through the coup d'etat and
exile through the proscribed to the grand-father through 1895

Lamartine-Machine

The young aristocrat through the sentimental crisis through the diplomat
through the public man to the political crisis through the vanquished
through 1869

Nodier-Machine

The touched-by-all to the cruel years through the lunatic through 1844

Vigny-Machine

The first tests through the epoch of the pen to the young romantic through
the disenchantment through the elaboration of wisdom through 1864

Stendhal-Machine

The student to the discovery of Italy through the soldier to the Milanese
through the dandy and the diplomat through 1842

Gautier-Machine

Research into equilibrium to debut in journalism through studies in eva-
sion through 1872

Balzac-Machine

The quest for success to the first successes through the brilliant expan-
sion of genius through 1850

Verlaine-Machine

The inspired commencement to the years of crisis through a strange mysti-
cism to a sadness through 1896

Mallarme-Machine

The Baudelarian tradition through studies in aesthetics to the first Tues-
days to supreme ambition through 1898

Sainte-Beuve-Machine

The poet and romance writer to the interior crisis through the critique
through 1869

Flaubert-Machine

The exalted adolescent to nervous malady through the hermit of Crosset
through 1880

Zola-Machine

From romanticism to naturalism to the success of l'Assommoir to the natur-
alist landscape through humanitarian propaganda through 1902

Lautreamont-Machine

The destiny of Isidore Ducasse through the despair of Maldoror through 
the frenzy of Maldoror through 1870

Michelet-Machine

The young plebeian through the university youth to the entrance into the
National Archives through the master through the militant through the
judge through 1874


