



Parable


Izanagi and Nikuko were walking south, passing by Udo-Jingu. They were
lost in tought. Then Nikuko asked Izanagi, What, in this world, are you
doing (i.e. in general). He replied, I am creating mirrors and mirrorings,
moorings slipped from moorings, anchors from anchors, anchorages from
anchorages. Nikuko said, Please, explain. Izanagi said, What may be
launched and held in place, is released and brought to port; what is
deemed to be the truth held in a mirror, is the mirror dropped on the path
we are taking. The two of them were silent for a while. Then Izanagi said
to Nikuko, And you, Nikuko, what are you doing? She replied, I am slipping
from mirrors and mirrorings, creating moorings and anchors and anchorages;
indeed, there are so many that one may sail and not yet sail, may see and
not yet see. Izanagi said, Please, explain. Nikuko said, I have picked the
mirror up from the path; it is dusty, and there is no reflection. They
continued walking, now and then in silence.


Parable


Nikuko and Izanagi continued south. They approached an elderly man talking
to his sister, and they stopped to listen. The man said, I remember when
you were little, how we saw the world differently, spoke differently, how
everything seemed so fresh and new. The woman replied, Why must we always
remember; it hurts so, to have something so close, yet out of touch for-
ever, just the tiniest sound we might have made years ago. Nikuko said to
Izanagi, See, they are sad, having such memories; such is the fate of men
and women. Izanagi replied, They're remembering nothing; they're making it
up as they go along.


