


Parable


Nikuko and Izanagi were walking. They passed a man with his hands tied
behind his back, writhing on the ground, his eyes gouged out. They walked
by a burning village. They went on, passing a woman raped with a stick,
bleeding from the vagina, her stomach torn open. They passed a baby flung
against a rock, brains oozing from the skull. They passed a group of
soldiers decapitated, a man with his arms and legs cut off, penis stuffed
in his mouth. They passed a woman with her breasts cut off. They continued
on. They passed two families slaughtered and thrown into an open grave.
They passed a woman with her eyes stitched open, tied to a pole, facing
the sun. They passed a half-eaten child. They passed a woman hacked to
small pieces, and another man hacked, his torso and head still alive. They
passed a small girl with her tongue torn out. They continued down the path
past children killed before their parents' eyes, wives raped before their
husbands, husbands murdered before their wives. They passed blinded pris-
oners groping in the light. They passed children buried alive. They passed
an old man with his feet blown off, crying for help in the dust. They
passed a village burned to the ground. They continued by prisoners tied
tight with barbed wire, men hung from trees, drowned women, animals cut
open. They walked by a slaughtered village. They walked by a man on fire,
naked and castrated. They walked by a girl battered and raped. They walked
by a family hacked to pieces. They continued on their way.


