


Report from the Conference

A discussion on the interference of language in the real, the violence of
proper names, the encoding of process, interval, space, and parable:

Proper names, through contour-enhancement in the broadest sense possible,
constituting entities from flux; it is this constitution that is the core
of narrative, its origin. Language is the embodiment of narrative; as such
it already constructs culture at the cost of the real. To say the uncon-
scious is proto-linguistic is to say that occurrences are recognized and
transformed into resistances. The noise of the world is translated into
the parasitic; the parasitic, as a third element, modifies or forecloses a
chain of events. Such chains are already a defense against this noise;
language is homeostatic, defending itself. The world becomes known through
its masquerade. 

Proper names are occurrences, uncanny in their relationship to the real;
generic nouns are happenings, imaginary in their relationship. The former
implies a logic of iconicity; the latter, indexicality. Consider the pro-
per name an actant, foregrounded - the generic noun, as environment, back-
grounded. There are dual logics of impediments and flows; these are fuzzy,
occupying the two poles of thresholding logics. Generic nouns emerge out 
of non-distributivity, gestural logics; they appear as an encoding of en-
hancements, just as proper nouns imply a decoding of language, a rupture
of strata. Narrative is a succession of encodings and decodings; the power
of narrative, its semantics, comes from the surplus of the latter, and the
syntactical aspect, from the restrained economy of the former.  

Thus within and without the world, language, the real, and narrative are
inextricably entwined, to the extent that any and all are thought; it is
through the gaps of language that the real emerges with the idiocy of
truth.

