



how to map writing, and you may find yourself writing,

how to map writing. you may find yourself writing in unknown territory and
you may find yourself showing your friends that you are very fine, that
you may walk on the wild side of the law, and you may find yourself very
happy and your friends will turn against you and you will use an illegal
stopping date in string %d in `era' field in category `%s', implementation
limit: no more than %d character classes allowed, implementation limit: no
more than %d character maps allowed, incorrectly formatted file, input
line of unknown type, internal error - addtype called with bad isdst, in-
ternal error - addtype called with bad ttisgmt, internal error - addtype
called with bad ttisstd, internal error in %s, line %u, invalid gmt off-
set, invalid abbreviation format, invalid day of month, invalid ending
year, invalid leaping year, invalid month name, invalid saved time, in-
valid starting year, invalid time of day, invalid weekday name, line after
ellipsis must contain character definition, line before ellipsis does not
contain definition for character constant, line too long, locale file
`%s', used in `copy' statement, not found, lstat failed, malformed line
ignored, memory clobbered before allocated block, memory clobbered past
end of allocated block, memory exhausted, memory exhausted,  memory is
consistent, library is buggy, missing era format in string %d in `era'
field in category `%s', missing era name in string %d in `era' field in
category `%s', nameless rule, and you will find you have nowhere to go,
and you will be all alone, and you may find yourself reading a book, and
you will look up from the book, and someone will look back at you, and
your will not remember, and you will not recognize your friend, and you
will believe that your friend is your friend, and your friend will look at
you, and your friend will look at you, and your friend will look at you


