


Pulse


What ma es the difference between holodec  and real, between this object
and that other on the des , is so clear, so obvious, I have missed it all
my life - that this object, here, will always be the result of a scan, not
an overall impetus (as say the photographic negative, which changes in its
entirety all at once, a planar surface susceptible and suspect) within the
realm of the analog, but a continuous redrawing - in which the flybac  or
downtime is rendered invisible - a continuous looping of the visible digi-
tal object, the eye itself, or hand, or other sense 'otherwise' processing
as if it were solid, granted sustenance and substance. So obvious! That
the image is nothing but layerings, one upon the other, discontinuous mor-
phing as we move literally stuttering through the originary moment of the
new millennium. The des top for example pulses visible and audible shells
into and within the local environment; the pulses are interpreted as com-
munication; the communication itself is particulate, constituted; the form
is that of the nova; the nova express brings patent letters of community;
the community itself pulses; layer after layer interacts; the dar  and in-
terstitial spaces are occluded, sutured; they are the down-time of the
pulses; nothing is occurring; it's as if the real were the real. As for
the last, one has the  nowledge that what is present, remains present in
some sense for the duration; that it is obdurate, inert; that it is not a
question of constitution or reconstitution but of presencing; that it is
somehow thic  or paste; that it oozes uncontrollably. Elsewhere, the
screen saver (itself an incipient life-form as I have pointed out) is also
pulsing; the unit is all of radio-frequency, the screen refresh rate a
drastic reduction; there are all these ratios creating an illusion: as if
this were an inscription; as if the letter, for example, 'i', were of a
totality - within the machine, the 'i' is a message - within the machine
the dot over the 'i' is a message - within the machine the pixel at the
north-east corner (where ghosts roam) of the 'i' is a message; every mes-
sage is equivalent; every pulse is li e every other; I would write this
message in stone, bury it; someday, others will see -


