==

_


beneath the dark blue robe of cloth


everywhere from beneath <o> i placed the camera under your skirt, flashed
up; you returned the favor, such beauty of upright legs centered in vio-
lent intrusions, how interiors meander <o> cloth of thick skirt <o> thick
dark blue cloth of robe <o> dimmed holes and shafts measured against black
backdrop of thick night, the imaginary inscription, i harden constantly,
imagine grappling from every direction, from everyone, hard, moist, furi-
ous with desire for our bodies open everywhere <o> looking at the images i
became aroused, incandescent, imagining ourselves naked,* grappled from
below, beneath, within the public sphere, supermarket, hair salon <o> i
place the camera under your robe, flash up; you return the favor, flush
up, such beauty of upright legs centered in violent intrusions, how inter-
iors meander <o> cloth of thick dark blue robe of cloth <o> thick cloth
robe <o>    *did we do this? i do not remember, your thick skirt, open on
me in every direction

I do not understand this!!


__


Uruk


,tneiciffus s'tahw ,decnad srettel drahs-eniargim ,ssenderit morf thcadeg
,sinep hs'u ,noitaicnune na nekot a si ,msinahcem lacigolohparg a nevig
,evals osla ,nam _,tniop eht ta_ debircsni eb dluohs nekot ruoy' ,tcere
fo lrig-evals' ,ub-ub-bI emeg' ,uoy rof slamina eht dellik i' ,lrig-evals
snoitseuq emas eht ,siht fo derit m'i ,dog ,ereh teg i did woh ,ububI
,lrig evals emeg ...zzzhhhhcszt ,gnilzzis fo thcadeg ,detaeper dna deksa
ym fo tuo ezakustam teg t'nac i ;suoiruf ,nagro elam eht tuoba gnihtemos
,snoe rof deremmay ev'ew ,ereht reifidom tnemrag ,mut-mi-iz gut 1 ,dnim
,gninrub m'i ,em pleh' ,...zzzhhhhcszt ,lrig-evals ,emeg

fo thcadeg ,detaeper dna deksa snoitseuq emas eht .siht fo derit m'i ,dog
,nagro elam eht tuoba gnihtemos ,lrig evals emeg ...zzzhhhhcszt ,gnilzzis
-dom tnemrag ,mut-mi-iz gut 1 ,dnim ym fo tuo ezakustam teg t'nac ,suoiruf
,ssenderit morf thcadeg ruoy ecalper ,snoe rof deremmay ev'ew ,ereht reifi
-nahcem lacigolohparg a nevig ,tneiciffus s'tahw ,srettel drahs-eniargim
,ecnone na nekot a si ,msi

slavretni citammargoedi htiw noitressa

rttaetilih rtta_sutats rtta_isna rttatesct rttategct


==



The Ideogrammar


Ikukonay ashay ittenwray andway allenfay intoway isthay aptray ofway
okenbray or dsway andway exhaustionsway oughthray iddlemay-ountrycay
athspay, ooklay orfay e rhay iddlemay-ountrycay aysway

:::: Write wrists through my ! :::: proclamation with ideogrammar :::: I
do not understand your tongue!

|]] |:/HELLO |: 