



=?rw=,ta=::.ol=ani=cotaiv.:arbah,=fdw?=lo.=chamash,=diw,=lo.=achshev=zen=
mashehu=echawd:=at,=wr?=ee-efshar,=aval,=stayim,=snw!=bseder.=yaish=lawnu=
shlosh,=hmt,=atoc=inahca:.)w(dsp=,ahsiat=;)w(nmhc=,enomhs=;)w(hfs=,havehs=
;wsis=ao=aval=eser,=md(w).=zeh=achol,=ulei=alef,=h,=eneni=yodeah.=ani=lo=
yodeah=mah=hsrs=,hsyas=,tmh=,hsolhs=unwal=hsiay=.redesb=!wns=,miyats=,la-=
va=,rahsfe-ee=lo.::=ham=haedoy=ol=ina=.haedoy=inene=,h=,fela=ielu=,lohca=
hez=.)w(dm=,resaysh,=srsh=oa=sisw;=shevah,=sfh(w);=shmone,=chmn(w);=tais-=
ha,=psd(w).:achse=lava=:dwahce=uhehsam=nez=vehshca=.ol=,wid=,hsamahc=.ol=
?wdf=,habra:.vi=



==


| herds of deer in wonder-headlights | |

| ab | ab | paradeer | | table | | paradeer | | parables c:\cdrom | deer~1
| deer~1 | #deer~1 | deerfuge | netdeer | | deerd | | deerth | | deeress |
| dent | | dent2 | | deer | | deer~1 | deer72 | deer73 | bi2deer | deer74
| deer31 | deer32 | deer33 | deer76 +--videer | | deerdtime | | deerfuge |
| modeer | | videer | | videer2 | | deerth | | deer | | deer | deer
      bi2deer
      bifurdeer
      deercloud
      deer3
      deer7
      drawdeer | deerfuge | | deerfuge

| |






horses horses horses horses horses horses horses horses horses horses
horses horses horses horses

gods gods gods gods gods gods gods gods gods gods gods gods gods gods gods

horses and gods horses and gods horses and gods horses and gods horses and
gods horses and gods horses and gods horses and gods horses and gods
horses and gods horses and gods horses and gods horses and gods horses and
gods horses and gods horses and gods horses and gods horses and gods





(  here is where it came from

thinking about the Brhad-aranyaka Upanishad and the horse-sacrifice

naming of gods and unnamings of horses

thinking further, if there were no human languaging

there would be the running of horses, gods, gods and horses

would be no sacrifice and no delineation

gods massed like horses in herds

horses together in running like gods

at the beginning of the Upanishad, aum, followed by

'the dawn, verily, is the head of the sacrificial horse...'

it wasn't the gods that did the sacrifice :

"In this sacrifice a horse is let loose and a guard of three hundred
follows his track. If any one hinders the horses' progress, the guard will
have to fight. When the horse completes a victorious circuit of the earth
and returns to the capital, he is offered as a sacrifice, and the king who
performs the sacrifice assumes the title of sovereign, emperor." 
(Radhakrishnan)

it was the man taking the title collapsing the animal

it was the naming

no longer horses and gods horses and gods

the proclivity of the circuit or circuitry

from then on, speech, corrals, sacrifice, contract-gift

and that is the source of the text spreading like fire on the prairie
or the heart of the castle by the very refusal

among horses and gods, to include men


==


The Wisdom Text of Philoctetes


the dd:-blindfold- type !wisdom for some advice dd:<alan_> !wisdom dd:
<alan_> !wisdom h:wisdom in this, and somehow this wisdom filled him, tra-
vis-tumescent, with j:mind. poets seeking in their heart with wisdom found
the bond of existence kc:conventional wisdom. there is nothing to be gain-
ed. everyone's life- kc:like all those sources of "ancient wisdom" proc-
laimed in popular kc:ancient wisdom - most peoples got most of it wrong -
made a mess out kc:a people, in fact, devoid of wisdom, of simplicity and
of depth, kh:mountains of the globe? how great the depth of false wisdom's
saturation, ks:all of this leads me to wonder whether wisdom doesn't lie
in the will- ks:full of the fascination for things, while age and wisdom
bring the long ku:my breast. that is the fount and source of wisdom. but
there's no mastery, kz:container's the wisdom we want, we don't have to
open it la:such a useless enterprise, wisdom entering through the portal
of futility. lc:some say characterize wisdom. lc:of wisdom i know nothing,
and of truth, less. i do know that impending ld:nor wisdom save from those
in love. lf:primordial names among with nikuko emerging, of wisdom and am-
biance, lf:since the latter carries the wisdom of the former." the minis-
ter said, lg:wherefore resume each of the points mentioned, and transplant
wisdom into lg:medicine and medicine into wisdom. for a physician who is 
a lover of wis- lg:dom is the equal of a god. between wisdom and medicin
there is no gulf lg:fixed; in fact medicine possesses all the qualities
that make for wisdom. lh:the disenchantment through the elaboration of
wisdom through 1864 14:what is the point of this, if not to declare a 
certain wisdom in clara no:was wisdom- dance or ordinary, an ordinary in
which we become once more s:real; most have the wisdom not to try. those
which have succeeded have t: thus, to remain on this list, we require
proof of _age and wisdom,_

Philoctetes, when you begin to notice the nature of its speech, the

it Philoctetes, the whole sorry history toppling forward like wounded

Philoctetes.

charges itself in the reception of Philoctetes, when Philoctetes dis-

When there is no investment in the body, nor disinvestment, Philoctetes

flight from meditation, from speech-Philoctetes.

When fuck-Philoctetes strums, stumbles, Sister-Streaming-Blood, but when

splintered teeth against the almost-murder of Philoctetes. I'm the shroud

Premature Notes on Philoctetes / Who Works the Details of the Fates?

to ejaculate Philoctetes out of there. The audience knew he was leaving.

an awkward play, it's visceral; Philoctetes screams because of his

leg's rotting. Odysseus comes back for him because Philoctetes is needed

his behalf, he's the son of Achilles, addresses Philoctetes: "You must

Philoctetes is the wager of artificial life, the experiment I described

Philoctetes to the exploitation of the dead one, so that a new species

Philoctetes (at Odysseus' insistence). So that the fates are construed

passport; when Philoctetes seeks treatment, we ask for mercy from

fact, to ransack Lemnos for whatever treasures it contains, Philoctetes

Artificial Life, Philoctetes, Revelation

Philoctetes, when you begin to notice the nature of its speech, the

it Philoctetes, the whole sorry history toppling forward like wounded

Philoctetes.

charges itself in the reception of Philoctetes, when Philoctetes dis-

When there is no investment in the body, nor disinvestment, Philoctetes

flight from meditation, from speech-Philoctetes.

When fuck-Philoctetes strums, stumbles, Sister-Streaming-Blood, but when


