


Jennifer Orbiting Panamarenko


"Open your mouth - " "Ah - speak - speak - " "Jennifer, what do they call
you, when they call you?"

Are you dressed as Ted with Beuys and Broodthaers; an air of mysticism and
uplift, grounded ? Is Ted with Beuys and Broodthaers; an air of mysticism
and uplift, grounded dressed as you?

Are you in your sac - don't answer - is Julu wearing your - are you wear-
ing your sac?  I love your feelings, Ted with Beuys and Broodthaers; an
air of mysticism and uplift, grounded your vagina splays me your sac!
What do you call your lovely sac?

My cords are attached to the sac by circular patches - an air is yours -
Beneath the sac, there's a tailpipe for an influx of air from a nearby
me - thoughtful 16 times!

Beneath the sac, there's a tailpipe for an influx of air from a nearby
calls forth velvet your penis, eating, spewing memory. Throughout the
manic, beneath the sac, there's a tailpipe for an influx of air from a
nearby is feminine, manic, half-crawling into the air.? your penis is play
here as well - depleted landforms, air-bases, slow sweepings of wind here,
it's your penis? Are you becoming close to Jennifer's beneath the sac,
there's a tailpipe for an influx of air from a nearby? You melt into
Julu's sac forever -

Beneath the sac, there's a tailpipe for an influx of air from a nearby
half-crawling into the air. Ted with Beuys and Broodthaers; an air of
mysticism and uplift, grounded singing on the air, leaving traces. The
cords are attached to the sac by circular patches - an air of make your
velvet The cords are attached to the sac by circular patches - an air of
make your velvet is in my manic play here as well - depleted landforms,
air-bases, slow sweepings of wind devour velvet - The cords are attached
to the sac by circular patches - an air of make the sac, there's a tail-
pipe for an influx of air nearby!


