==



"POLLY!" she screamed. "JEAN!" she screamed. "I!" she screamed. "WANT!"
she screamed. "TO!" she screamed. "BE!" she screamed. "LIKE!" she
screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "POLLY!" she screamed. "JEAN!" she
screamed. "I!" she screamed. "WANT!" she screamed. "TO!" she screamed.
"LERN!" she screamed. "TO!" she screamed. "SING!" she screamed. "POLLY!"
she screamed. "JEAN!" she screamed. "THERE!" she screamed. "IS!" she
screamed. "NONE!" she screamed. "LIKE!" she screamed. "YOU!" she screamed.
"POLLY!" she screamed. "JEAN!" she screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "ARE!"
she screamed. "IN!" she screamed. "MY!" she screamed. "SOUL!" she
screamed. "POLLY!" she screamed. "JEAN!" she screamed. "IF!" she screamed.
"I!" she screamed. "MAY!" she screamed. "SAY!" she screamed. "SO!" she
screamed. "SIR!" she screamed. "POLLY!" she screamed. "JEAN!" she
screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "MAY!" she screamed. "TAKE!" she screamed.
"MY!" she screamed. "BULLET!" she screamed. "IN!" she screamed. "YOUR!"
she screamed. "HEAD!" she screamed. "POLLY!" she screamed. "JEAN!" she
screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "WILL!" she screamed. "TECH!" she screamed.
"ME!" she screamed. "TO!" she screamed. "SING!" she screamed. "POLLY!" she
screamed. "JEAN!" she screamed. "I!" she screamed. "WILL!" she screamed.
"BE!" she screamed. "LIKE!" she screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "POLLY!"
she screamed. "JEAN!" she screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "WILL!" she
screamed. "LIKE!" she screamed. "ME!" she screamed. "POLLY!" she screamed.
"JEAN!" she screamed. "I!" she screamed. "WILL!" she screamed. "SIT!" she
screamed. "AT!" she screamed. "YOUR!" she screamed. "FIT!" she screamed.
"DO!" she screamed. "NOT!" she screamed. "MOVE!" she screamed. "POLLY!"
she screamed. "JEAN!" she screamed. "POLLY!" she screamed. "JEAN!" she
screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "WILL!" she screamed. "TECH!" she screamed.
"ME!" she screamed. "POLLY!" she screamed. "JEAN!" she screamed. "I!" she
screamed. "WILL!" she screamed. "BE!" she screamed. "POLLY!" she screamed.
"JEAN!" she screamed. "NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!" she screamed. "I!" she
screamed. "WANT!" she screamed. "TO!" she screamed. "BE!" she screamed.
"LIKE!" she screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "I WILL BE BLIXA BARGELD!" she
screamed. "NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!" she screamed.  "I!" she screamed.
"WANT!" she screamed. "TO!" she screamed. "LERN!" she screamed. "TO!" she
screamed. "SING!" she screamed. "NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!" she
screamed. "THERE!" she screamed. "IS!" she screamed. "NONE!" she screamed.
"LIKE!" she screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!"
she screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "ARE!" she screamed. "IN!" she
screamed. "MY!" she screamed. "SOUL!" she screamed. "NICK!" she screamed.
"CAVE!" she screamed. "IF!" she screamed. "I!" she screamed. "MAY!" she
screamed. "SAY!" she screamed. "SO!" she screamed. "SIR!" she screamed.
"NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!" she screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "MAY!"
she screamed. "TAKE!" she screamed. "MY!" she screamed. "BULLET!" she
screamed. "IN!" she screamed. "YOUR!" she screamed. "HEAD!" she screamed.
"NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!" she screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "WILL!"
she screamed. "TECH!" she screamed. "ME!" she screamed. "TO!" she
screamed. "SING!" she screamed. "NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!" she
screamed. "I!" she screamed. "WILL!" she screamed. "BE!" she screamed.
"LIKE!" she screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!"
she screamed. "YOU!" she screamed. "WILL!" she screamed. "LIKE!" she
screamed. "ME!" she screamed. "NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!" she screamed.
"I!" she screamed. "WILL!" she screamed. "SIT!" she screamed. "AT!" she
screamed. "YOUR!" she screamed. "FIT!" she screamed. "DO!" she screamed.
"NOT!" she screamed. "MOVE!" she screamed. "NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!"
she screamed. "NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!" she screamed. "YOU!" she
screamed. "WILL!" she screamed. "TECH!" she screamed. "ME!" she screamed.
"NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!" she screamed. "I!" she screamed. "WILL!" she
screamed. "BE!" she screamed. "NICK!" she screamed. "CAVE!" she screamed.
