==


a/b/c [abc] */notes on work/*

it's the reading of content against abstraction - dance, theory, or ins-
criptions in the midst of or against sexual explicitness - unutterably
bending content - so on one hand it appears a continuation of the same old
story, the taking over of the re/presentations of the world by psychologi-
cal processes - but on the other, it's the edge or lip of the world's alt-
erity standing forth and unaccountably against psychology, narratology -
all my work has gone one or another or both ways simultaneously - readable
from human and inhuman alike - unreadable from human and inhuman alike.

the 'it' is an accumulation of fragments of texts, broken splendors, the 
emblematic/problematic - on one hand protocol-suite-suit and on the other, 
desperation-intense-persiflage; in my life/work something's always trying 
to get through - there are splinters, cracks - there are also sutures, 
winding-sheets -

as in riemannian geometry - you can't tell the space from the connection
or gristle-tendon - all contact/release - ( on one hand, i burrow among
the bones; on the other, i inscribe into structures. on one hand, struc-
tures - on the other, inscriptions, phenomenological horizons of world-
reading; on one hand, failure to exploit bone-syntax - on the other, the
escape-flight to poetics writing; on one hand, the interstice between
syntax and writing - on the other, issues of consciousness, muck, mucking
through consciousness; on one hand, narrowed and impossibility of / impos-
sible content [or the problematic of content or the problematic of imposs-
ible content or the problematic of impossibility] - on the other, skit-
tered media focusing through nexus towards coagulation of other contents,
alterities -- "what someone else might say, roaming the files" )


