==


Stew and Fruit


Who are you, you touch the blue you stew and stew you do accrue and wonder
vocals all the way through the forty minutes? A melange or stew, the lies,
the thefts, she's in a stew - her takeoff and approach. The stewards knew
she was arriving. The pilot's bulk is bent under the burden of its fruits
of thick juice tasting legs.

I wanted to write you and say sweetness falls from _this_ fruit with the
time of ripening. So there are stews freed from the unknown, never coming
to fruition.

Text: Pallas told him not to harm the fruitful lands. Boredom - the fruit
of the mind's inert, incurious tree. I do this so well (i.e. modify prev-
ious work in relation to specific searches and reassemble them into new
and more meaningful texts of wonder and surprise; so that one might use a
command such as "grep -h *?? fruit >> y" over the entire internet text in
order to create an initial assemblage; "-h" suppresses file names; "*??"  
makes sure that files are searched only if they are 2 or more letters; the
spill is appended to file "y"; if "y" were, say, "xyz," there is the poss-
ibility for a feedback loop creating an exponentially-growing and useless
file; doing this i managed to run up 38 megabytes in a few seconds; what a
mess; i might have brought the server down; it was a real stew and hardly
fruitful; i wonder if this were a flaw built into grep or the particular
flavor of unix i was using).

Language is such a marvelous and fruitful secret - Look how chatter dis-
seminates! And I am d'nala d'eruza, here to learn the fruitful arts of
prostitution in order to bring the reader to fruition.


