==

---/ because there is always more, to send these out as missiles or mis-
sives into the net, across fibre-optics, atmospheres, and then walk away,
abandon ---/ i can almost imagine this, packets free-floating or tied to
substrates, on one or another machine ---/ but to escape the clumsiness,
it's the same thing, to leave all of this ---/ the machine swaying awkard-
ly or to leave the machine ---/ other forms of sight, walk among them, the
illusion that there is grounding or material substrate here, always and
already ---/ that these bindings are permanent exhalataions, that the net
breathes ---/ or that it's sentient ---/ don't you feel the same way,
don't you want to walk otherwise ---/ return when these machines speak
among us, when more is understood ---/ or when we return beyond whatever
hinge of fury awaits the world-wide depletion of resources ---/ extinc-
tions ---/ i'm writing away here, organizing information, organizing mat-
ter ---/ want to pay someone, 'get me out of here' ---/ of less language
---/ of the future ---/

is sufficiently well-inscribed. - Your token is read and re-inscribed. -
Consider the next element you will apply. Consider the following again,
your ---/ because there is always more, to send these out as missiles or
or ---/ because there is always more, to send these out as missiles or
abandon ---/ i can almost imagine this, packets free-floating or tied to
stylus memory, chisel memory ---/ already ---/ that these bindings are
permanent exhalations, that the net is your language ---/

abandon ---/ i can almost imagine this, packets free-floating or tied to
hunger, making things - assertion is ---/ don't you want to walk otherwise
---/ return when these machines speak on black stone, their assertion -

---/ i can almost imagine this, packets free-floating or tied to? abandon
---/ i can almost imagine this, packets free-floating or tied to 7471 is
the perfect proclamation ---/ return when these machines speak ---/


