==




intralude

I have to say who could understand me or help a long time ago. There have
been the people who have helped me when I had to get in a bad way ahead of
time, and I can look for help from my doctor or friends. Relate one way
because sometimes it's really funny, and that helps a lot. I never thought
of it this way, it's machinery that brings you voices that help you and
console you. ******* she's screaming and no one can hear or can help her
******* But then there's no interest in explaining myself - she almost
comes alive through health; oh Nikuko, help me escape with the liberation
of all beings into voids. Bodhisattva, help me. Nikuko, destroy me. Bodhi-
sattva, liberate me. Nikuko, starve me. Please help me; I'm speaking from
the past. This is a different text. This is a help function in the program
of Nikuko-life. Please try and understand this. I can't help it that my
words are getting muddled, that I repeat myself. When I look out, it's
******* through a cloudy visor. ******* Nikuko, drown me. Bodhisattva, 
save me. ******* she's right in the next room and no one can see her in 
such terrible pain ******* Nikuko, burn me. Bodhisattva, comfort me. 
******* she's being nailed to the floor or a wall or a ceiling i am almost 
certain ******* ******* such terrible pain ******* I have to say someone a 
long time ago could understand me. It's the machinery in me that's of a 
speech or a talk, machinery that's of a word or a phrase, machinery that's 
of a noun or a verb, machinery that's of a prayer or a sigh. ******* no 
need to hurry i'm almost sure of the silence in the next room one over and 
one down ******* Nikuko, stab me; Bodhisattva, cure me. ******* liberate 
all beings and for all times ******* ******* such terrible pain *******



