==


sutra

n kuko, refus ng enl ghtenment, does not accommodate th s enl ghtenment.  
does representat on,  n fact, go all the way towards, around  ssues of the
enl ghtenment as  ntellectual property, governance, eth cs, of enl ght-
enment? but what  s the nature of th s enl ghtenment, rev ved by da sh n
n kuko; she th nks she's been re ncarnated, a phoen x permanently. n kuko-
medusa-phoen x  n perfect enl ghtenment d es and  n enl ghtenment and  ts
dark stream. and  , da sh n n kuko, w ll hear and make th s salvaged one
enl ghtened?  'd say they obscured the buddha's enl ghtenment  n the
remote past. "really good"  s a n ce descr pt on for enl ghtenment  n fact
because   have reached enl ghtenment;   have transcended the cycle of
b rths!  yes, almost enl ghtenment! you say: yes, almost enl ghtenment!
when w ll   ach eve enl ghtenment, w th th s v rus  n my bra n? an r  s
dropped  mmed ately and you are near enl ghtenment. halt ng your forgot-
ten space, enl ghtenment, wall and all of you and  , sess on stat ng that
suffer ng and enl ghtenment are both  n hand. n kuko was walk ng near the
th ng. enl ghtenment flowed all around. enl ghtenment! no such th ng! the
wh sper of enl ghtenment - form str ves to escape. dest ny and entrance of
stone, pathway gated. the wh sper of enl ghtenment - w th n stone, form
str ves to escape. there  s no enl ghtenment, there  s no path to the path
of rema n ng  gnorant.   can wr te of enl ghtenment, of fast d ous th ngs,
rema n ng  gnorant.

