==


sutra

nikuko wants to know, what does it mean that 'man is the measure of all
things'? nikuko wants to know, what does it mean to 'know thyself'? 

'we do not speak of the gender of 'man' above; we want to say: 'one is the
measure of all things.' surely for one that is true. theory absolves pers-
onal history and taste: i do such and such, believe such and such, within
the realm of digital explanation; mute, abject, analog description has no
place in the world of discourse. it is description that thickens at every
turn of the mind or body, always already resisting measure and measure-
ment. knowledge, too, is imminent, implicit in the intended gaze; nothing
is foresaken, forlorn; something is defined by virtue of the gaze itself.
so we would say, not state; talk, not speak; thus to the unfathomability
of knowledge.'


---
      	
      	
      	
     1	clear the mirror
     2	so that you might see
     3	nothing of your body
     4	not even clouds
      	
     5	there is no mirror
     6	there is no body
     7	you're blind
     8	you can't see clouds
      	
     9	clear your body
    10	there are no clouds
    11	there are no eyes
    12	there are no mirrors
      	
    13	you see every cloud
    14	you see all your body
    15	look in the mirror
    16	you see all your body
      	
    17	you're not a cloud
    18	you're not a mirror
    19	you're not a body
    20	clear away nothing
      	
    21	keep the tree off the mirror
    22	keep the dust off the tree
    23	clean your body over and over
    24	you're nothing but a hole
      	
    25	you're a cloud in a tree
    26	clean the dust off your body
    27	look for the tree
    28	wipe the mirror clean
      	
    29	there is no dirty mirror
    30	there's a mirror
    31	there's a hole in your body
    32	it's another tree
      	
    33	you're blind in your mirror
    34	you're not a cloud
    35	you're always in red dust
    36	clean the red dust
      	
    37	there's no red dust
    38	there's no blue dust
    39	clean the mirror
    40	there's always red dust
      	
    41	don't clean or look
    42	there's nothing
    43	the other tree's your body
    44	look for the tree    
      	
    45	don't listen to me
    46	stop making sense
    47	chop down the tree
    48	roll in red dust
      	
    49	shatter the mirror
    50	chop down the buddha
    51	shatter the tree
    52	stir up the red dust
      	
    53	blow away the clouds
    54	clouds never move
    55	swallow red dust
    56	red dust remains
      	
    57	don't listen to mirrors
    58	listen to clouds
    59	stir and listen
    60	clouds are red dust
      	
    61	don't listen
    62	don't hear
    63	don't speak
    64	don't talk
      	
    65	clouds are air
    66	mirrors are earth
    67	red dust is fire
    68	trees are water
      	
    69	wipe them away
    70	don't wipe them
    71	they're not there
    72	they're there
      	
    73	don't wipe away mirrors
    74	don't wipe away clouds
    75	you can't wipe mirrors
    76	you can't wipe clouds
      	
    77	don't wipe red dust
    78	don't wipe fire
    79	don't wipe mirrors
    80	don't wipe earth
      	
    81	don't wipe clouds
    82	don't wipe air
    83	don't wipe trees
    84	don't wipe water
      	
    85	you can't be you
    86	you can't be anything
    87	don't do anything
    88	don't just sit there
      	
    89	there is no you
    90	there is no zazen   
    91	there are mirrors and mirrors
    92	there are clouds and clouds
      	
    93	there's a lot of red dust
    94	there's a tree or two
    95	there's always your body
    96	there's never your body
      	
    97	forget the trees
    98	don't wipe and be lazy
    99	don't think and don't dream
   100	don't just sit there and sit there
      	
   101	don't clear the mirror
   102	don't look around
   103	look around and don't look
   104	just don't be anything
      	
   105	don't listen or speak
   106	don't read and don't write
   107	don't do this 
   108	don't do this
      	
   109	vi:x:q
      	
      	
   ~



   109	vi:x:q

    25	you're a cloud in a tree
    31	there's a hole in your body
    93	there's a lot of red dust
    30	there's a mirror
    94	there's a tree or two
    35	you're always in red dust
    40	there's always red dust
    95	there's always your body
    59	stir and listen
    32	it's another tree
    65	clouds are air
    92	there are clouds and clouds
    66	mirrors are earth
    91	there are mirrors and mirrors
    10	there are no clouds
    11	there are no eyes
    12	there are no mirrors
    60	clouds are red dust
    68	trees are water
   103	look around and don't look
    20	clear away nothing
    53	blow away the clouds
     7	you're blind
    33	you're blind in your mirror
    86	you can't be anything
    85	you can't be you
     8	you can't see clouds
    76	you can't wipe clouds
    75	you can't wipe mirrors
    41	don't clean or look
   101	don't clear the mirror
    87	don't do anything
   108	don't do this
   107	don't do this 
   104	just don't be anything
    50	chop down the buddha
    47	chop down the tree
    67	red dust is fire
    56	red dust remains
     4	not even clouds
    27	look for the tree
    44	look for the tree    
    62	don't hear
    48	roll in red dust
    15	look in the mirror
     6	there is no body
    29	there is no dirty mirror
     5	there is no mirror
    89	there is no you
    90	there is no zazen   
    88	don't just sit there
   100	don't just sit there and sit there
    61	don't listen
   105	don't listen or speak
    45	don't listen to me
    57	don't listen to mirrors
   102	don't look around
    46	stop making sense
    54	clouds never move
    96	there's never your body
    38	there's no blue dust
    37	there's no red dust
    19	you're not a body
    17	you're not a cloud
    34	you're not a cloud
    18	you're not a mirror
    71	they're not there
    42	there's nothing
    24	you're nothing but a hole
     3	nothing of your body
    43	the other tree's your body
   106	don't read and don't write
    55	swallow red dust
    14	you see all your body
    16	you see all your body
    13	you see every cloud
    63	don't speak
    64	don't talk
     2	so that you might see
    22	keep the dust off the tree
    26	clean the dust off your body
     1	clear the mirror
    39	clean the mirror
    49	shatter the mirror
    28	wipe the mirror clean
    36	clean the red dust
    51	shatter the tree
    21	keep the tree off the mirror
    97	forget the trees
    69	wipe them away
    72	they're there
    99	don't think and don't dream
    58	listen to clouds
    52	stir up the red dust
    82	don't wipe air
    98	don't wipe and be lazy
    74	don't wipe away clouds
    73	don't wipe away mirrors
    81	don't wipe clouds
    80	don't wipe earth
    78	don't wipe fire
    79	don't wipe mirrors
    77	don't wipe red dust
    70	don't wipe them
    83	don't wipe trees
    84	don't wipe water
     9	clear your body
    23	clean your body over and over


---


Doing


I began with the usual shaped spheres and externals; this time, however, I
situated the camera, the eye, the origin within. Locked in darkness, the
nub uncomfortably thunged against soft vertices. I distended the shell of
the interior. I pulled out planes and angles. I twisted and nubbed the
angles. I placed a light within. I placed another. I turned one light a
darker blue. I dimmed the other light. I placed breasts and vaginas with-
in. I opened the camera wider. I opened to the interior of the nub and its
distentions. The camera swallowed the image. I splayed the image. I re-
peated the image. I edited the image and repeated the image. I mapped the
image onto a spherical projection. I mapped the image onto a cubic projec-
tion. I crafted the image on the smooth space. I subdivided the space. I
moved the camera closer. I narrowed the camera. I penetrated the disten-
tions. I pulled the camera back. I edited the image. I placed vaginas
within. I placed breasts without. The vaginas were repeated. The vaginas
were red with menses. The vaginas glowed blue in the light. The walls of
the internals glistened. The camera went forward. The camera went back.
The other light moved into the interior. The other light moved back. The
lights glowed. The camera opened wider. The camera moved back. The image
was taken from the objects. The image flattened the objects. The objects
disappeared. The image remained. There were no backs and no movements.
There were no lights and no distentions. There were no vaginas and no
menses. There were no spheres and interiorities. There were no exterior-
ities. The image was crafted on the smooth space. There was no image.
There was no image mapping.


-


(I've always wanted to compress a jpeg using nothing more than abacus)
(who would read us)
(illegibility of the future) (anterior)
