==


Special Interact


I'm nervous all the time. I'm going to be left behind. I need to have a
button for you to push. I've got to give you pleasure. I tear at the same
scabs over and over again. I refuse wounds. I value naked far too much. I
tear things apart. Nothing works. I need to have some interaction. All of
this is making me feel useless. I can't hold your attention. I can't write
style. I want you to do for me. I want you to do for me.

Come home with me, I'm nervous all the time. I'm going to be left behind.
I need to have a button for you to push. I've got to give you pleasure,
naked boy-girl-world. Your psychosis I to do for you is in my soft I want
you to do for you.

Nikuko says: "I want tp maan fpr yph. I'm dylng hara, I'm hpnastly dylng
hara. Thasa lattar shbstlthtlpns ara abshrd. Wrlta tp ma. say! I want more
than this. I don't want this interference as if the earth swallowed
something horrible. I want to click you on I want tp plaashra yph. I want
tp anfpld yph wlth brllllant wrltlng. Bht I want yph tp wrlta tpp. I want
tp saa what yph wlll."

Nikuko says: "I want tp plaashra yph. I want tp anfpld yph wlth brllllant
wrltlng. Bht I want yph tp wrlta tpp. I want tp saa what yph wlll
transforms Your . I want tp maan fpr yph. I'm dylng hara, I'm hpnastly
dylng hara. Thasa lattar shbstlthtlpns ara abshrd. Wrlta tp ma. on Brklyn
Bridg..."

I'm inside of you; I'm your needle and your drug. Pull your needle out.
Pull down the button. Interact with me. I want to be. My body-skins are
lost. Kill all substitutions. Pull levels I will to create. Press these
buttons and interact. Lacerate. Still nothing from you. Still nothing to
open, no opening, lips sealed and closed, no place to begin, kill all
substitutions. your matrix. your control-panel.

Devour cock your control-panel. Brought forth through I'm inside of you;
I'm your needle and your drug. Pull your needle out. Pull down the button.
Interact with me. Kill all substitutions.

Pull your needle out. Speak to me. I want you to speak to me. I need to 
hear you. I need you to pull the lever. I need you to press the button.
I need to be your control-panel. I need to be your substitutions. I need 
to be your pull-down menu.

I need to pull your needle out. I want to be your pull-down menu. I want
your lever; I want your needle out; I want your needle.



