==


not-sutra of not-negation

not-1 not-i not-don't not-know not-if not-there's not-one not-or not-many.  
not-i not-don't not-know not-if not-there's not-self or not-non-self.
not-i not-don't not-know not-if not-one not-or not-many not-or not-one
not-and not-many not-are not-an not-illusion. not-i not-don't not-know
not-if not-self not-or not-non-self not-are not-an not-illusion. not-i
not-don't know not-what not-is not-a not-good not-act not-and not-what
not-is not-a not-bad not-act. not-i not-don't not-know not-if not-it makes
not-a not-difference. not-i not-don't not-know not-if not-the not-differ-
ence not-remains. not-i not-don't know not-if not-there not-is not-rebirth
not-or not-ashes. not-i not-don't not-know not-if not-rebirth not-or
not-ashes are not-an not-illusion. not-i not-read not-and not-i not-don't
not-know. not-i not-meditate not-and not-i not-don't know. not-i not-don't
not-know not-if not-speech not-is not-an not-illusion, not-thought not-is
not-an not-illusion. i not-don't not-know not-if not-i not-am not-enlight-
ened. not-i not-don't not-know not-if not-enlightenment not-is an not-ill-
usion. not-i not-don't not-know not-tat not-tvam not-asi. not-i not-don't
not-know not-things. not-i don't not-know not-a not-thing. not-2. not-i
not-don't not-know not-delusion. not-i not-don't not-know not-if not-
delusion not-is not-an not-illusion. not-i not-don't not-know not-angels.
not-i not-don't not-know not-the not-angelic. not-i not-don't not-know
not-if not-suffering not-can not-be not-alleviated. not-i not-don't
not-know if not-alleviation not-is not-an not-illusion. not-3 not-i
not-don't not-know not-if not-one not-sees not-or not-another not-sees.
not-i not-don't not-know not-the not-great not-perfection. not-i not-don't
not-know not-if not-the not-great not-perfection not-is not-an not-illu-
sion. not-i not-don't not-know not-if not-my not-senses not-deceive
not-me. not-i not-don't not-know not-if not-deception not-is not-an
not-illusion. not-i not-don't not-know not-if not-the not-six not-senses
not-are not-an not-illusion. not-i not-don't not-know not-the not-condi-
tion not-of not-equality. not-i not-don't not-know not-appearance. not-i
not-don't not-know not-if not-appearance not-is not-an not-illusion.
not-i not-don't not-know not-negation. not-i not-don't not-know not-if
not-negation not-is not-an not-illusion. not-see! not-i not-don't not-know
not-if not-negation not-modifies not-the not-real. not-i not-don't not-
know not-if not-the not-real not-is not-an not-illusion. not-i not-don't
not-know not-if not-negation not-is not-a not-function not-of not-one
not-variable. not-i not-don't not-know not-if not-variables not-are not-an
not-illusion. not-i not-don't not-know not-tat not-tvam not-asi.


