



[slightly explicit post below; please don't read if you may be offended. 
i am honestly not trying to offend anyone, but to examine body issues that
arise in this space, that are often theorized indirectly. this may be
difficult work to read, for which i apologize; it is also difficult work
to write, placing myself on an edge that comes close to being a wound. 
alan]


i feel the wire/s


her wire worked their way through me, parting bone and gristle, muscle and
tendon, wire submerged in potential flux; they scarred my lips, my face,
they scarred my shoulders, my cock, the clean smooth skin cauterized to
the point of ragged division. a thin line of blood ran up cockshaft war-
rior god translated into wounded lance. (elsewhere, the lance guards the
altar on the turning isle.) my everywhere face carried signs of her bran-
ded across cyberspace, stigmata, bleeding me from the belly, the cock,
arms, my tongue lacerated against her steel, her gold and iron, membrane
flux carrying packets deeper than that belly, extruding from pores across
the remnants of my own. veins burst open from distant distended electrons
raised oscillated in inconceivable orbits. i birth to blood, tongue iron.
the atoms takes the body. in turn, the movement of the turn, would split
skin for ever, expose the marrow beneath, fluxed and driven until i
couldn't think again for any longer, my flesh lalalala mary graph, her
wire lalalala start and stop, cartesian ego splayed open, her cunt splayed
wide my own. 


