


we are not unified!

one country; this is not one existence; this is not one culture; this is
not one voice; this is not one mind; this is not of one mind; this is not
of one state; this is not of one mood; this is not of one terror; of one
emotion; of one fear ; of one country; this is not one existence; this is
not one culture ; this is not one voice; this is not one mind; this is not
of one mind;  this is not of one state; this is not of one mood; this is
not of one terror; of one emotion; of one fear; of one; of one voice of
his voice > :: < i don' t agree with anything bush says; i don't agree
with his foreign policy; i don't agree with his take on terrorism; i don't
speak with your voice; i don't speak with his voice > :: < this is not one
america; this is not even 289,371,809

of one emotion; of one fear; of one; of one? 248,943,210 289,371,809
248,943,210 

i don't understand about unity; why should the usa be unified; why should
we agr ee with anything bush says; why should we agree with his foreign
policy;  why sho uld we agree with his take on terrorism; why should we
speak with one voice; why should that

voi ce be his voice > :: < i don't agree with anything bush says; i don't
agree with his foreign policy; i don't agree with his take on terrorism; i
don't speak wit h your voice; i don't speak with his voice > :: < this is
not one america;  this is not even

one country; this is not one existence; this is not one culture; this is
not one voice; this is not one mind; this is not of one mind; this is not
of one state; this is not of one mood; this is not of one terror; of one
emotion; of one fear ; of one; of one

248,943,210 289,371,809
230,147,262


