


Maimonides, The Guide of the Perplexed, from I:21:


_To pass ['abor]._ The first meaning of this term is that of passage in 
Arabic; and the first instances of its being used as concerned with the 
movements of living beings over a certain distance in a straight line. 
Thus: _And he passed over them; Pass before the people._ Such instances 
are numerous. Subsequently the word was used figuratively to signify the 
propagation of sounds in the air. Thus: _And they caused a voice to pass 
throughout the camp; Which I hear the Lord's people cause to pass._ 
Afterwards the word was figuratively used to signify the descent of the 
light and of the Indwelling seen by the prophets _in the vision of 
prophecy._ Thus it says: _And behold a smoking furnace and a flaming torch 
that passed between these pieces._ This happened _in a vision of 
prophecy._ For it says at the beginning of the story: _And a deep sleep 
fell upon Abram, and so on._

[...]

[In regard to Moses] Or you may believe that there was, in addition to 
this intellectual apprehension, an apprehension due to the sense of sight, 
which, however, had for its object a created thing, through seeing which 
the perfection of intellectual apprehension might be achieved. This would 
be the interpretation of this passage by Onqelos, unless one assumes that 
this ocular apprehension also occurred in _the vision of prophecy,_ as is 
stated with regard to _Abraham: Behold a smoking furnace and a flaming 
torch that passed._ Or again you may believe that there was in addition an 
apprehension due to the sense of hearing; that which _passed by before his 
face_ being the _voice,_ which is likewise indubitably a created thing.

(Pines translation.) 

All embodiment, I say, is of the fiction, less a thing than a container of 
the Indwelling, and such embodiment is less an entity than a device formed 
by the proper name, Abram, Abraham, Avram, Avraham. And such is of the 
emanation or virtual nature and condition of the world, that we may take 
solace in the plasma, not in the granite; that we may comprehend the sun, 
not the palest of shadows; that we may step beyond the cave which has 
saved us, in order to write these texts and prophecies; that beyond the 
cave there is yet another cave and another cave; that the Indwelling is 
within them all.


