


Subject: lacuna




18days, LOGIN@ Thu08AM 3:15AM 2:21AM Wed07PM 2:23AM 1:54AM Tue06PM Thu06AM
Fri05AM 2:47AM 18Sep01 Fri05AM Thu10PM Mon07AM 18Sep01 Wed09AM Wed06PM
Thu08PM Thu07AM Thu12AM Mon07AM 12:00AM Thu08PM Thu07AM 14Sep01 Thu09PM
Thu07PM 12:57AM 12:30AM Tue07PM 1:01AM Thu09PM Tue04PM Mon05PM 1:02AM
Thu11PM 1:34AM Thu12PM Thu05PM Wed11PM 15Sep01 Thu09PM Wed07PM 1:17AM
Thu10PM Thu08PM Mon09AM Thu09PM Thu07PM Mon09AM Thu04PM Thu05PM Wed09AM
Thu10PM Tue06PM Fri06PM Thu05PM Tue01PM Tue02PM 18nights,

w | awk '{ print $4 }' >> zz; ksh: j_waitj: tcsetpgrp(10, 27543) failed: 
Inappropriate ioctl for device


==



                                                 they're all going
                                             inside
                                             the result of chaos, and
                                             any conceivable order? it's
                                             words become cliffs, out of
                                             period, does it matter, as
                                             did i say that, add the
                                         end of your shortened life
                                         here, you will regret it to the
                                         whatever you do, don't ever come
                                         these words begin to crash.
                                         time. now looking around, even
                                         and the ravagings of 
                                         ly, driven by the forces of
                                         the edge of the page, slowly but
                                 history ext flees the margin and oozes
                                 inexorab in these dark times
                                 against to write, and what does it matter
                                 as the tin - everyone can tell - to lose
                              in any caseoesn't show too much
   my ability ey were covering a wound, hoping
i wanted again to write something terrific
  and embed it in an image of someone in great pain
      it went on like that, you can only imagine
         what happened was nothing because i'm that someone
              with no excuse, nothing has happened to me, nothing ever
              does
              because there are holes in too much thinking so i'm trying
              to organize this properly as an image of alignment
                 losing myself in alignment as the algorithm breaks down
                        inside i'm screaming all the time, i don't know
                        what i'm doing here, whatever it is, i'm not doing
                        it very well
                           so the best thing is to make patterns, sew the
                           words as if they were covering a wound, hoping
                           my emptiness doesn't show too much
                              while i begin - everyone can tell - to lose
                              my ability to write, and what does it matter
                              in any case in these dark times
                                 as the text flees the margin and oozes
                                 against the edge of the page, slowly but
                                 inexorably, driven by the forces of
                                 history and the ravagings of 
                                         time. now looking around, even
                                         these words begin to crash.
                                         whatever you do, don't ever come
                                         here, you will regret it to the
                                         end of your shortened life
                                             did i say that, add the
                                             period, does it matter, as
                                             words become cliffs, out of
                                             any conceivable order? it's
                                             the result of chaos, and
                                             inside
                                             everything disappears, into
                                             bad design and literature
                                                 they're going now,
                                                 they're all going




                                                         g/^/mo0


nothing i do will change your mind, the letter comes in through your mail 
slot, it enters your inbox, you see alan there, you see sondheim there, 
you can't delete fast enough, no matter how innovative, intelligent, you 
can't see what

i'm a nuisance, i get in the way, i take up too much space, i write too 
much, my writing is meaningless, it's not real literature, it's not real 
philosophy, not poetry, it's not real anything, it shouldn't be taken 
seriously, it shouldn't be reproduced, it just goes on and on, there's 
far more of it than there should be, it's close to garbage

it clutters the inbox, it's an ugly name, it gets in the way, alan doesn't
write by the rules, sondheim's obnoxious, his thought's idiotic, he plays
too many mind-games, this is just a mind-game, he wants too much, he
whines too much, he thinks he's a victim, his readers are victims

he enters your inbox, he enters your mail slot, he wants to enter your
mind, he wants to enter your holes, his work is filthy, he doesn't know
when to stop, you can't take him seriously, you have to hit the kill key,
you don't have to read past the name, don't even write him, he'll just 
write you back

my work is disgusting, nothing i do will make the slightest difference, 
you'll never publish it, you'll never write about it, you'll just keep it 
dead, there's so much of it, you'll see something sooner or later, i can't 
help that, i'm too obsessive, you'll never like it, you'll never do 
anything with it, sondheim's far too bitter, his name is so ugly, he's far 
too arrogant, he's a thief, he's a liar

unoriginal garbage, i can't continue forever, i can't make sense, nothing 
i do will make any sense to you, my work's only lurid, it's only about 
sex, it's only about violence, it's too easy to do, you can't read a word 
of it, it's stolen from everyone, it's poisoning newsgroups, it's a 
nuisance on email lists, it's nothing but junk mail, it's nothing but spam

it doesn't matter what i do or how i do it, it doesn't matter how stupid i
am, i'm too self-hating, it doesn't matter how creative the work is, i
could scream at the gates, i'm too old to be original, i don't act my age,
i haven't paid my dues, i just complain and complain, i just go on and on,
nothing i do will change your mind, it comes in your inbox, it comes in
your holes, it's far too creepy, you see alan there, you see sondheim
there, it goes on and on,

he's just a fake, his politics are fake, it makes no difference what i



