


steganography


!!9N
"R!< Ek|- wWxW> mJ9= s*5J ;E-+ /#!Cot * ^2 I}D)` G-MR *"JBT@ GB`x +VbO )B
%E#: JD/7Y2~ ChN` AZ6X *2jM Gm1M [`!L AFI O^uV !1>QC %-{A |JBZ$ /.5. klVL
 '@ s K[H%&&}) RYk84> {u/n@ ;8qS o#) !$Fa> AJ ~d Z"eTR5]q8 #)C% SC|G lR[}
'M)hu( +$%F +80L $kP^ 1%R& fv5Ei3 R[NPEK $wf' {am| [eJbS +l'(F kPv#C IH}@'
 )='o *Ru={ o~HO y2~x V6{:y KN,f [fFH fq8z NeHN JS*aK W?E. Pz][ [SM: >T:t
+JwQ!# 8/&tW F]c]k _Ka9 W]3HI ,A0BGC? LO*" @&ULY Q4-yr QR5^ 3Sp<Y,!Y 8E\C
+L:R zMXv M,6| G*Nb9z #P)Y W/:JGZ
  - - - - - - - - -
  - - - - - - - - -
  - - - - - - - - -
  - R - - - - - B -
  - b - - - - - r -
-*1 S#6P CNf^b& 1"z%M TFP| \.{3 m)i+( gl{I GNU2 K7Vi +/:X1_ BwJH "!QJ aH;f
      0b   0b   0b   0b   0b   0b   0b   0b   0b
      0b   0b   0b   0b   0b   0b   0b   0b   0b
      0b   0b   0b   0b   0b   0b   0b   0b   0b
1~T{ ^5sr /8=: qil] }h`** RaI0@ k@Ta Lbr%h FPK{r niMp Kg1N Mw>59 !AJZI
252<h 9uqv g;!^$ %--HZ ]Jam RH1]H &kDK -Yv2 %aI; u!GQ p7/m v|jV }h[^ N]t"
7)^d, n(O6U V#qs K)d
A9PB iFY( h\Dz A$E ]"MK 8/.U@ bDmQ P\/u `]O~4 5B$N 1n!'* LiB8 na??QC C)un
ATs> IQVM dfu %' 36P4Ve (P'J +ZJH9GJ gia\ spvQx ]}h% xgU{ [24\B_i SIM>
  Black 0:00 White 0:00 Black 0:00 White 0:00 Black 0:00 White 0:00
       Book used 0(8000). Book used 0(8000). Book used 0(8000).
  Can't find book. Can't find book. Can't find book.
FX>6 i@y"N fl-3 _ueW_ [Wu@ eY\) kqJe LYXZ #/B"~ JuOC c/25 wG^s :U$l ?)WNuf
       It's not my fault. It's not my fault. It's not my fault.
          It's your fault. It's your fault. It's your fault. Q"aq #B3CR
JFIF
JN%t S0|J 4TE_Yp #xkj k'C5 9G1# vHOf ?1Hz Ra9| 1$)3 T+K4[ eEQ#O~ [yUL En((
  L N S G K G S N L
O:Qb6 TD`L I&~t u) $ '.e( $6IH t>5K}lXk @j}*b KE8f }+Dt V&ZuhJ@ HRb9h
  P P P P P P P P P
       Segmentation fault Segmentation fault Segmentation fault
       Sky-Shogi Deconstruction
      Your move is?  Your move is?  Your move is?  Your move is?
Yu(A \+BU #,jSO T@R@ .9jF 3&`|w 7\'l 0&JZ @!>4] 2_aE) ':J4 #cY7 /!M\$-
_Gs@|o !Wx~ RG1N TK`G +fm8v ]CYw <2-'b UIKNeT ^ XNR ^:Br [b<5sjFk 6_}uJ
  l n s g k g s n l
  p p p p p p p p p
r> T:t( !Q:Tuf s.)*0 H'OL 7kR[H D5;p3 ySgpv DXf6 !zy7I[ KiHiIBt *&$EO %e


+++



Any group of people and anywhere


The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were all good people 
and went to Heaven. They died but did not suffer. They died because Jesus 
Christ called them to Heaven. They went to Paradise as proclaimed in the 
Holy Books. They are attended by many servants. They play harps. They are 
among the blessed.

The people who died in the World Trade Center attack did not receive final 
rites. They will wander the world forever. They will wander until they are 
reborn. They are suffering without extreme unctions. Whether they are good 
or bad, they are suffering and suffering. They are in Purgatory. They are 
reborn as mendicants. They are hungry ghosts. They are red dust.

The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were evil. They 
deserved to die. They were infidels. They were capitalists. They were 
unbelievers. They will go to Hell forever. They are permanently dead. They 
are reborn as vermin. They howl forever because of their terrible deeds.

The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were neither good nor
evil. They were like any of us. They died because they happened to be
there. There is no god and there is no order in the world. They will not
be reborn. They are gone forever. They are not in heaven or hell. They
have no souls and nothing will remain of them.

The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died because of the 
unborn which we are killing in unprecedented numbers. They died because of 
gay rights and feminists. They died because the liberals have let this 
country go too soft. They died because there are too many people here who 
aren't patriotic. They died because this country is Godless.

The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were fated to die 
there. It was their destiny and has nothing to do with their ethics. They 
died because they had to die. Perhaps they are reborn and perhaps they are 
in heavens or hells. They died because it was their fate.

The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died for something. 
They died for freedom or something else. They did not die in vain. They 
died for some future goal. They died for some future good. We do not know 
why they died. It is not for us to know. 

The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died for reasons 
known to God. God is good and powerful. God would never do wrong. We 
cannot question God or His ways. We cannot hope to understand Him. We can 
only hope to live within His Grace.

The people who died in the World Trade Center attack just died. There is 
no reason for it. Reason has nothing to do with it. The people died 
because of history and politics. The people died because of a madman's 
psychosis. They died because of a clash of civilizations. They died 
because of paranoid behavior. 

The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died at the hands of
a cult. They died because of one man. They died because of a conspiracy.
They died because of rogue nations. They died because other people wanted
to destroy the World Trade Center and everything it stoods for. They died
because other people wanted us to suffer. They died because other people
wanted them to suffer.

There is no reason for anything. Causes are broken causes. At the limit of
understanding, understanding disinvests. At the limit of understanding,
the concept of understanding itself is annihilated. It is not incompre-
hensible; it escapes comprehension. It is part of the substance of the
world. We are all part of the world's substance and the word's substance.

We cannot reside at the limit. We construct. Everyone has narratives which
help them survive. The trajectory of the narrative has nothing to do with
the inertness of the world.

With the World Trade Center attack, we have come face to face with this
inertness. It is as if inertness speaks. Its mouth is filled with dust. 
It is incomprehensible. Its mouth is filled with dust.


