


key

/ellohay / eway areway youray eadday / eway aitway orfay armageddonway /
eway annotcay emem berray youray amesnay / eway eednay away istlay ofway
youray amesnay / eway itewray inway odec ay / onay oneway illway everway
indfay usway / usway usway usway / ellohay arnivorecay / eway areway your-
ay eatmay / el lohay universeway / eway areway youay ray arkday attermay /
eway areway youray onesbay andway youray arrowmay / eway a reway youray
uthtray andway youray bay oodlay / ellohay eatgray universeway / ellohay
ellohay / eway areway youray eadd ay / eway aitway orfay armagway

charred and double key

/ellohayway / ewayway arewayway yourayay eaddayway / ewayway aitwayway
orfayway armageddonwayway / ewayway annotcayway ememway erraybay yourayay
amesnayway / ewayway eednayway awayway istlayway ofwayway yourayay
amesnayway / ewayway itewrayway inwayway odecway ayway / onayway onewayway
illwayway everwayway indfayway uswayway / uswayway uswayway uswayway /
ellohayway arnivorecayway / ewayway arewayway yourayayway eatmayway /
elway ohaylay universewayway / ewayway arewayway youayay ayray arkdayway
attermayway / ewayway arewayway yourayay onesbayway andwayway yourayay
arrowmayway / ewayway away ewayray yourayay uthtrayway andwayway yourayay
aybay oodlayway / ellohayway eatgrayway universewayway / ellohayway
ellohayway / ewayway arewayway yourayay eaddway ayway / ewayway aitwayway
orfayway armagwayway

impervious triple key

/ellohaywayway / ewaywayway arewaywayway yourayayay eaddaywayway /
ewaywayway aitwaywayway orfaywayway armageddonwaywayway / ewaywayway
annotcaywayway ememwayway erraybayway yourayayay amesnaywayway /
ewaywayway eednaywayway awaywayway istlaywayway ofwaywayway yourayayay
amesnaywayway / ewaywayway itewraywayway inwaywayway odecwayway aywayway /
onaywayway onewaywayway illwaywayway everwaywayway indfaywayway
uswaywayway / uswaywayway uswaywayway uswaywayway / ellohaywayway
arnivorecaywayway / ewaywayway arewaywayway yourayaywayay eatmaywayway /
elwayway ohaylayway universewaywayway / ewaywayway arewaywayway youayayay
ayrayway arkdaywayway attermaywayway / ewaywayway arewaywayway yourayayay
onesbaywayway andwaywayway yourayayay arrowmaywayway / ewaywayway awayway
ewayrayway yourayayay uthtraywayway andwaywayway yourayayay aybayway
oodlaywayway / ellohaywayway eatgraywayway universewaywayway /
ellohaywayway ellohaywayway / ewaywayway arewaywayway yourayayay
eaddwayway aywayway / ewaywayway aitwaywayway orfaywayway armagwaywayway


==


a good meal for cryptography

daw dit daw dit, dit daw, dit daw dit, daw dit, dit dit, dit dit dit daw,
daw daw daw, dit daw dit, dit, daw dit dit dit daw, daw dit daw daw, daw
daw daw, dit dit daw, daw dit dit dit daw, dit daw daw, dit dit, dit daw
dit dit, dit daw dit dit, daw dit dit dit daw, daw dit, dit, dit dit dit
daw, dit, dit daw dit, daw dit dit dit daw, daw daw dit, dit, daw, daw dit
dit dit daw, daw daw, dit, daw dit dit dit daw, dit, dit daw, daw, daw dit
dit dit daw, daw daw, dit, daw dit dit dit daw, daw dit daw dit, dit daw,
dit daw dit, daw dit, dit dit, dit dit dit daw, daw daw daw, dit daw dit,
dit, daw dit dit dit daw, dit dit dit, dit daw daw, dit daw, dit daw dit
dit, dit daw dit dit, daw daw daw, dit daw daw, daw dit dit dit daw, daw
daw, daw dit daw daw, daw dit dit dit daw, dit dit dit dit, daw daw daw,
dit daw dit dit, dit, daw dit dit dit daw,

by jennifer jack-daw


=


The Story of the Rays


There are many kinds of Rays in the world. It is Rays from our eyes that
give us the gift of sight. Without the Rays, we could never see anything!  
The Rays are heated by the sun and make everything visible. That is why
you can see things when the sun is out, because the Rays are hotter then.
Rays from our ears go in search of things to hear. When they find these
things, they touch them softly and the things will say things to the Rays
that will take them into the ears. These Rays are different from the Rays
from our eyes because these Rays go back and forth with sound. It's "how
we hear." There are Rays from our nose that are like straws or open
canals, no one knows. These bring chemicals into our nose and guide our
sneezing. They go searching everywhere for chemicals. When they find them
they bring them into our nose. There are Rays for every pore in our skin
and these are amazing because they are shaped like tiny cones and they
look for things to touch and when they find them they will take them back
into the touching-area of the skin. All of these Rays are going back and
forth all the time. There are Rays from our vaginas and penises that take
chemicals and look for Rays coming from our noses and when they find them,
they send the chemicals into the nose Rays, which are sometimes like open
canals, and gravity keeps the chemicals in place as they rise to the nose.  
There are Rays we find "troubling" from our anuses which come from a very
old time more than a hundred years ago when said where our farm was by the
smells we left on fenceposts and wagonwheels, and these Rays would go into
the nose through the nose Rays that were like straws and kept the smell so
some could say if they could speak back then and they couldn't, that yes,
this was where someone was growing corn and sheep. But the most important
Rays are those from our mind which go out in search of God and bring Him
back to us, and God smiles on these Rays which are everywhere, if we only
know how to look with the Rays from our eyes and the Rays from our ears.
For the Rays from our mind are always in search of higher truth, if we
only know how to understand them. We shall look within ourselves to know
so many things, if we will only be quiet and listen to the Rays from our
mind. These are indeed "The Story of the Rays."


=


Some of the smallthing in the world do kill us, say Jennifer and Julu,
 but we will not be moved, we do love all smallthing, and there are
 so very many of such as them
 You will find them flying and loving, say Alan and Nikuko, look at
  gossamer wing light as any traveller's web
   Do not be afraid, say Jennifer and Julu, and Alan and Nikuko, do 
    look down from the height and up from this wonder earth, there
    is loving earth and loving sky, we do find many swimming and
    many crawling, many running and many leaping, many gliding and
    many soaring
     Some of the smallthing do make small singing and whirring, say
      Jennifer and Julu, and some of the smallthing do make buzzing
      and humming, say Alan and Nikuko
       Do listen to the singing of the world, say Jennifer and Julu
        Do listen to all smallthing humming and leaping, say Alan 
         and Nikuko, do not be afraid, they say, do not be afraid


=




table of images


alan, naked, on blankets curled up into skins, ice-spears against him,
blue background, shaved body, black frame, hands paw-like against his
side, greyday zeta-cot-tan, grrr, "i will take you into our death"

azure, naked, flattened, pushed to the edge of the frame, increasing 
ice-speaks, blue background, blue frame, splayed hands, legs together, 
shaved body, greyday zeta-cot-tan, grrr, "night and anthrax"

azure, naked, more central, rounded, less ice-spears, a carpet or blanket
is visible, shaved body, swollen hands, ice-powders behind, grrr, blue
frame, blue background, blackday zeta-tan-tan, "she fought for me"

azure, naked, central, rounded, skirt around her waist, blanket-spears,
face turned aside (you can see the face), one hand on her hair, the other
above her breast, grrr, white-grey background and frame, white-day zeta,
"kill us"

azure, legs spread, naked, lying back, her chest marked, her hand on a
cock, grrr, blanket-spears, shattered face, drawn face, greyday zeta, blue
on blue, "he is mine"

alan, naked, shaved body, his chest marked, lying back, his face clear,
his hand raised, finger inserted, blanket spears, grrr, light grey and
light grey, blackday zeta, "more"

alan and azure, naked, shaved bodies, overly-rounded breasts and abdomens,
small erect cock, inside a blasted building, facing out through the broken
wall, his hands to his shattered face, grrr, her hands down at her side,
whiteday tan-tan-tan, blue background against black frame

azure, her face torn apart, stars, grrr, against black background, yellow
frame, mouth, eye, and nose outlined, blackday tan-cot-tan, cragged skin,
tented threshold, silent mouth, "nothing"

azure, cunt and asshole, rotation ninety, grrr, metric transformation into
flesh-cone, black space against dark-red background, dark-red frame,
overly-rounded labia, protruding, greyday zeta, vanishing point of absent
body, "holes"

alan, erect cock, splayed hands, naked, against computer screen black,
background of black, grey-white frame of all, legs wet, real-time white-
day function, keyboard fingers, grrr, "more in desire, less in death"


=


 