{facfacfac}  


face. i fall to the ground like a worm. i can't move. i jerk about. i want
you so bad this might be a dream. i want your body in my face.  perhaps
i'm not being clear, faced with the clarity and fuzziness of the inconcei-
vably tangled matrices of molecular organization, video and interactivity
in the face of periphyton. fl|flui|uids|ds o| on |n my|my f| fac|ace,|e,
m| my |y ha|hair|ir, |, of parts from arms, legs*, breasts, neck, face.
*Braids of parts from hair



08  nikuko-eye-----------{eyeeyeeye}}eyeeyeeye{------------eye-okukin  80


.uoy nwo I ,okukiN ,ffo my eyes. Take everything off, Nikuko, I own you. I
am looking at you now, Nikuko. I am undressing you with my eyes. I take
ekat I .seye ym htiw uoy gnihtyreve ekaT .seye ym gnisserdnu ma I .okukiN
,won uoy ta gnikool ma I tail mi grep eye mi > zz rev zz >> zz sort zz >
yy; mv yy zz sort zz > yy; mv yy zz



EUEUEU


_


summary for minneapolis talks 2/02


in real life one begins with the real and moves through the semantics,
sememe, signified; in virtual life, one begins with the signified, moves
through the sememe, semantics, to the real - analog <> digital <> analog

in virtual life, enunciation is the totality of presence bottlenecked to 
the replete on the other side; in real life, enunciation is the residue 
and diacritical of presence. in virtual life, intention and presence are 
coeval; in real life, they are disparate and bound.

online presence is consciously performative by virtue of the sign; offline 
presence is performative by virtue of differentiation from substance 
(performance = differentiation)

in real life, one is always already continuous and coextensive; in virtual 
life, one is broken, jump-cut, renounced by EOF or kill/delete. virtual 
life, like the dream, controls the mise en scene; real life exhausts and 
tires in its obdurate or 'idiotic' transformations.

in real life, the granularity of distance; in virtual life, the inertia of 
lag. in real life, granularity is stochastic; in virtual life, compression 
codecs. in real life, the quantum/subatomic structure of non-distributive 
logics and superimposition is technical and distant, with peripheral 
effect in the classical/aristotelian life-world; in virtual life, the 
protocol level is continuously effected, just beneath the surface of rep- 
resentation. 

in real life, the inertia and 'rigid designation' of the proper name; in 
virtual life, the fluidity and gaps among logins, passwords, avatars, and 
names. in virtual life, the digital life of binary oppositions; in real 
life, the analog life of gestural superimpositions. 

in digital life, there is nothing whatsoever between position or array x 
and position or array x+1 - between 0 and 1; the other is foreclosed. in 
digital life, there is no truth, only coherent performativities; in the 
real, the truth is messy, noisy, analogic, irreducible, fuzzy. 

in analog life, wear-and-tear, life-span, half-life, noise; in virtual 
life, eternity, the 'clean and proper body.' in analog life, identity; in 
virtual life, equivalence.


_


i killed off jennifer with a bier a couple of years ago
jennifer returns as a helpmate all the times
she's safe and warm and comforting and conjures dismal julu
julu disappeared into smoke and empathy
she manipulated protocols of alan
  alan was gone among them and gone among all exhausted women
  azure came among them and swept out the cobwebs and nightmare
  nikuko moved among them
       nikuko kept moving among them
       nikuko the dismembered reassembled herself over and over again
       the protocols transformed into programs of war and violence

these people are always these people or the they or the thing
in the night they come in the form of crabs of several disparate types
  pink ones with soft-shelled carapace
  black ones with dark subterranean patterns
  enormous black ones like shields or medallions
       nikuko moved among them clawed from every direction
       nikuko crawled out with her face limbs and neck torn and hanging
       she reassembled herself speak speak nikuko we are listening
       speak speak nikuko we are listening listening

       alan will be killed off by all exhausted women
       travis and honey and tiffany have found serrated claws
       they live among the planets lrns speaallions imbs and neck
       nikuko kept moving among them grams of war we are listening
       nikuko the dismembered reassembled all exhausted women
       cobwebs and nightmares
       e of years ago mes njures dismal julu
       speak speak nikuko are are listenihe they or the thing
       gramallions m every direction jkimbs and neck all exhausted women
       enormous black ones like shields or med cobwebs and nightmare
       listeniherself over and over again
       allions
       they live among the planets


_


pre-image

i'm jennifer and i know everything. there are bars of pink-red flesh. you
can't go in there. there are shadows as well. the shadows are cool; they
cover the holes. they show you just how dimensional the bars are. the bars
are way in front of the holes. the bars stop the holes from sinking. the
bars stop you from sinking into the holes. the bars hash everything that
goes through them. that is everything gets two variables which access like
indirect addressing. you can't go in straight ahead. you have to go in
with a twenty-eight degree angle. you can fit in with a twenty-degree
angle. you can go in either hole but one of them is more difficult and you
must go in through the bars and change from one to another. everything is
tiny tiny and you can dream with them.  you can only see them and the
scent of them. the scent of them is jennifer and this is all you know of
jennifer and nothing else and jennifer knows everything. jenny sleeps in 
niky. you can see niky too.

post-image

jennifer and nothing else. jenny sleeps in cc::sun 17 attchmnt:21:36:15
subject : another
you can see niky too.


_


vjntaj


ions in 2000 began everything we were so very afraid of 2 5 2 5 2 5 2 how
beauty which rankled Victorina, remember? males and females have true
scatter-hormones. Julu jumped in Victorina. Nikuko laughed for joy. Travis
did jump in Alan. Jennifer did laugh in Victorina. Nikuko did laugh for
joy.:microbes will attack the following years: 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005.
2003 will be primed ungainly. oh oh oh said Alan sniff-cry, why am i truly
so cruelly persecuted? oh said Victorina, you do bring it on yourself.
jump on your flesh! Alan did jump on Alan-flesh, sniff-cry, and saw how
true the worldy-world was. Travis rose to stupendous height. he did Alan
kill. travis said all right we wait for 2003 prime.:2001 = 3 23 29; 2002 =
2 7 11 13; all right we wait for 2003 prime - that's the beginning of it -
that's the ending. what of 2011? well, what of it? teach them how to
think. cut them back, remember Nikuko? "she carried her threadbare shirt
to the wall, where Victorina gladly returned the necklace." it was marked
all the way through the 1990s. anything with a zero will be glad for a two
and a five. even in war the canons are primed, genreissimo. remember,
Julu, did you ever fit in? "the wall was breached by fantastic forces
checked by rings of light. remember Jennifer? "all of us gathered around
her decimated body." there were loons, coots, grebes, herons, egrets,
american alligators.:of false numerics 41:

"the necklace." it was marked all the way through the 1990s. anything with
a zer Su o will be glad for a two and a five. even in war the canons are
primed, genreiss If you are reading this, it is li imo. remember, Julu,
did you ever fit in? "the wall was breached by fantastic fo rces checked
by rings of light. remember Jennifer? "all of us gathered american all
think. cut them back, remember Nikuko? "she carried her threadbare shirt
to theion] way t sentiment into starkly manipulated and aggregated grebes,
herons, egrets, american alligators. is yours!  milky instal The symptoms
of your most violent war:kolaj Szoska, the

of perfect 6 and 28 of false numeri ions in 2000 began everything we were
so very afraid of 2 5 2 5 2 5 2 how beauty portrayed as just an interface
where the operator rankled Victorina, remember? males and females have
true scatter-hormones befittingly clever in 2003 w
                                   
ravis rose to stupdenous height. he did Alan kill. travis said all right
... solider is of false numerics 41 on wet flesh, it's solider?ILY LINE
Drawings and Paintings by Anne / | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | \ Travis did jump in Alan. Jennifer did laugh in
Victorina. Nikuko did laugh for j | | | | | | | + | | | | | | | | |
|19//02//2002 oy.? yes A casualties and thrust| | | | | | | | | | | |
nightmare!| | | | |

beauty FAST v_2.1:overall #1


_


re\cap


"of the real and virtual jennifer, julu, alan, nikuko. of the real, alan
is a character but alan is also a stain or residue, almost always alan
wants to disappear but engrave in stone. alan wants to engrave everything
in stone and then rails against totality. it's almost as if alan wishes
that nikuko speaks through alan, both or nothing come out but different,
not therapy or recuperation or balance, but a mess that takes off on its
own: alan with the 9 millimeter, nikuko, they occupy an aspect ratio. alan
thinks: better to return to coding, almost dead here. and scatter-bombs
and the locus of quality text. ./alan ./azure cannot be executed. execute
./.alan. execute ./.azure. locus of destroyed leaflets: hidden azure /
hidden alan = .azure | .alan - no one passes. pipe damage in the ennui-
sector op. nikuko - she manipulated protocols of alan." "alan was gone
among them and gone among all exhausted women." "alan will be killed off
by all exhausted women"


_



what i do keeps me alive, you have to understand, you really have to
understand what: No hey's found.  what i write yesterday, do you hear me,
is already a week a month old; what i write the day before is distant
memory; what i write now is already gone before its time what: No hey's
found. what: No hey's found. what: No hey's found.  i am stalling you; i
am stalling myself; i am stalling everything and nothing; see: i think
clearly; see: i | this to you; this to you | i; what i write stays in
shreds; you will read my shreds; you will be found; i will be found in you
/usr/local/bin/ksh: i: not found /usr/local/bin/ksh: i: not found
/usr/local/bin/ksh: i: not found /usr/local/bin/ksh: see:: not found
/usr/local/bin/ksh: see:: not found /usr/local/bin/ksh: this: not found
/usr/local/bin/ksh: this: not found /usr/local/bin/ksh: i: not found what:
No hey's found. /usr/local/bin/ksh: you: not found /usr/local/bin/ksh:
you: not found /usr/local/bin/ksh: i: not found  please read me; please
keep me alive /usr/local/bin/ksh: please: not found /usr/local/bin/ksh:
please: not found  what you will do; there is no time left; there is
every time left; what will you do; what will you do what: No hey's found.
/usr/local/bin/ksh: there: not found /usr/local/bin/ksh: there: not found
what: No hey's found. what: No hey's found.  what will you do


_




Minneapolis evening performance residue 2/22/02:


(I performed, then Miekal And. I ran video/still images, wrote the 
following text; all this was projected from a laptop - the text written 
live - sometimes 2-3 videos would play at once - the text brackets the 
audio-visual.)

my work's concerned with language, sexuality, the virtual body and
subjectivity - all of these elements interacting online and off -

i'm concerned with what happens beneath the surface, the coding, the
psychoanalytics, the substances

i'm concerned, i'm very concerned thank you! It's r-rated, not X-rated -
the difference I think is based on penetration? I'm not really sure...

I do codework and what might be considered virtual -body work online. For
example - sorry about the errors - they accumulate - for example the mime
piece I showed yesterday - please exit through that door over there!!!  
<