 all the many people listen to the sounds.'
they say nikuko say.

_


cease

:sloth, i can't wake up day after day, sleep half of it away, trying to
seize employment in the rest, we're leaving the end of the month, working
on the phenomenology of approach vis-a-vis the everglades, their
entanglement and working one's way through them into sensibility, my
sleeps are dreamless, the hospital did a follow-up phone-call, there were
three calls this morning, i don't remember, all about leaving, everything
about withdrawal, i imagine florida in diminution, the phenomenology of
withdrawal, from the known to the vector of the road, i continue writing,
imaging, taping, my arms leave me, i am heavy, redolent, fecund with the
smell of death ==::attacked in our sleep we will disappear, attacked in
our sleep, the sounds of night continue with the murmuring of plants and
animals everywhere in the world, the world is a giant hospital, the world
is a phone-call, a war, the world is redolent with pain and sleeping
animals, nothing disappearing, nothing emerging, the phenomenology of
quietude against incandescent horizons ==:last night we went back into the
thicket on another night-trip, pale white spiders, activities among the
glade-bugs, small cricket frog, of all two sleeping anoles on leaves,
their legs were stretched out, back against their small bodies, sluggish
and comfortable, almost nothing moving, some barking dogs, they're wild
elsewhere in the thicket, the weight of the thicket soft upon us,
elsewhere the violent and bloody war, o anoles sleep through it, o anoles
survive our dark incursion, o anoles humans shall leave this burned and
violated earth, o anoles sleep well, i will sleep with you, dying in my
sleep, attacked in our sleep == 'we are staying to guard this holy place,
but we are not being held against oted 'electronMessage 25 marked for ur
will' == monk in bethlehem == and fellowship


_



    phenomenology of approach


    = categories for projected text =
    = approaching the everglades, the city, illness, language, culture =

     1	domain limited or unlimited
     2	clues and cues from immemorial past
     3	difference between clues and cues
     4	relevance theory and approach
     5	top-down classification schema
     6	wonder, innovation, contradictions
     7	deep ecologies, interstitial 
     8	filling in the habitus
     9	from anomaly to behaviors
    10	sense of occupation and intimacy
    11	familiarity, familiality 
    12	maternality
    13	deconstruction of the abject
    14	phenomenology of naming
    15	inarticulate inchoate
    16	the mess and its overcoming
    17	phenomenology of touch
    18	recirculation of domain
    19	immersive and definable structures
    20	clue skeins
    21	the instrumental reason of flows and part-objects
    22	gestural logics and superimpositions
    23	delaying conclusions and the settling-in of elements
    24	continuous processing and absorption of anomalies
    25	modes of approach in space and time
    26	horizons of 'natural' and 'unnatural' worlds
    27	weakening of perceptual structures and responses
    28	releasement and listening
    29	buildings, dwellings, and habitations
    30	the neighborhood
    31	intersecting populations and worlds
    32	phenomenology of withdrawal
    33	the skein (skew-orthogonal)
    34	the skein (askew and local)
    35  increasing audacity and circumscription
    36  the report
    37  the distribution
    38  the thinking of it
    39  the world of it


    _

