


desperate codes


wait for orders - assassinate now - round them up - burn them alive -
report to headquarters immediately - we're found out! discovered! it's all
over! - they've got nuclear on them - use standing torture if necessary -
don't leave evidence - she disappeared with code0 - this time use a
scatter bomb and make sure it counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate
action - never, ever - kill for pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as
usual - we'll kill ourselves - 432 89 1 3 9 9 2 56 4 3 59 8 15 15 13 14 11
death by water torture - wait for orders - assassinate now - round them up
- burn them alive - report to headquarters immediately - we're found out!
discovered! it's all over! - code 6! code 6! - they've got nuclear on them
- use standing torture if necessary - don't leave evidence - she
disappeared with code0 - this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it
counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate action - never, ever - kill for
pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 6 111
09 09 28918 0564783 192834 0 84 4 12

death by water torture - wait for orders - assassinate now - round them up
- burn them alive - report to headquarters immediately - we're found out!
discovered! it's all over! - code 6! code 6! - they've got nuclear on them
- use standing torture if necessary - don't leave evidence - she
disappeared with code0 - this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it
counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate action - never, ever - kill for
pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 1 2 4
3 2121 32 1 900 77 8 6 6 6 52 4234 3 death by water torture - wait for
orders - assassinate now - round them up - burn them alive - report to
headquarters immediately - we're found out! discovered! it's all over! -
code 6! code 6! - they've got nuclear on them - don't leave evidence - she
disappeared with code0 - this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it
counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate action - never, ever - kill for
pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 5 32
1 0 8 8 7 2 4 2 3 8 6 7 5 43 -- 1 23 1 5 234 death by water torture - wait
for orders - assassinate now - round them up - burn them alive - report to
headquarters immediately - we're found out! discovered! it's all over! -
code 6! code 6! - they've got nuclear on them - don't leave evidence - she
disappeared with code0 - this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it
counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate action - never, ever - kill for
pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 8 6 7
6 43 12 0 0 8 7 4 6 52 14 12 1 6 1 2 3

wait for orders - assassinate now - round them up - burn them alive -
report to headquarters immediately - we're found out! discovered! it's all
over! - code 6! code 6! - they've got nuclear on them - use standing
torture if necessary - don't leave evidence - she disappeared with code0 -
this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it counts - pre-emptive strike
- immediate action - never, ever - kill for pleasure - keep it quiet -
cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 7 5 2 4 1 3 1 2 9 8 8 6 5 4 3 2
death by water torture - wait for orders - assassinate now - round them up
- burn them alive - report to headquarters immediately - we're found out!
discovered! it's all over! - code 6! code 6! - they've got nuclear on them
- use standing torture if necessary - don't leave evidence - she
disappeared with code0 - this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it
counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate action - never, ever - kill for
pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 3 9 0
2 7 4 4 2 8 7 6 2 5 1 9 9 death by water torture - wait for orders -
assassinate now - round them up - burn them alive - we're found out!
discovered! it's all over! - they've got nuclear on them - use standing
torture if necessary - don't leave evidence - she disappeared with code0 -
this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it counts - pre-emptive strike
- immediate action - never, ever - kill for pleasure - keep it quiet -
cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 1 2 3 2 1 0 0 9 4 6 1 1 8 6 2 3

wait for orders - don't leave evidence - she disappeared with code0 - this
time use a scatter bomb and make sure it counts - pre-emptive strike -
immediate action - never, ever - kill for pleasure - keep it quiet -
cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 1 round them up - pre-emptive
strike - immediate action - 3 assassinate now - this time use a scatter
bomb and make sure it counts - 2 code 6! code 6! - 7 wait for orders -
don't leave evidence - she disappeared with code0 - this time use a
scatter bomb and make sure it counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate
action - never, ever - kill for pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as
usual - we'll kill ourselves - 11 assassinate now - this time use a
scatter bomb and make sure it counts - 2 round them up - pre-emptive
strike - immediate action - 3 use standing torture if necessary - 9 death
by water torture - don't leave evidence - 0 death by water torture - don't
leave evidence - 0 we're found out! discovered! it's all over! - cyanide
as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 6

we'll kill you! - we'll kill you!


