


the court beauty

the transformation of the translation so far, and then we went and found 
another black-throated blue warbler, green heron, black-and-white warbler, 
nashville warbler, muscovie duck, swans, canadian geese, robins, blue- 
jays, kingfishers, swifts (i am certain of it), grey catbirds, puff-balls, 
the largest ginko i've ever seen -

a desolate wasteland - adore all myriad (10,000) ancient laws and - bow
far injures (and pure) (and)  stop test with scalding valley wonderful
(an)  orchid(s) another (a)  pine(s) apple (are caused by) reflection are
vast ascend ascend, galloping, as - well at court attain attainment bamboo
pitches barbarians beautiful beautiful, beauty be aware of becomes one
tenth becoming - covered (protect your faith) beginning beginnings
benevolence bequeath bi-jade (circular disk hole) circular black blessings
(fortune) business (by means of)  through called carefully chamber hall
(public room) change characters chastity circling above clear
(transparent) clouds cold colt comes comfort, music (connector / alone)
console contain (form) covering - covers cries dawn (early in the morning)
deception deliberate depends on (is destroys determination devotion dew
diction (classical rhetoric) directions (square) disaster - (catastrophe)
doubting dragon dwell earth eliminate emanates - out emulated (compete
with) enlist (membership) expel face (meet, - confront) faith feathers
filial piety fishscales fit five flattering ** flourish flows follows
(rules) forms foundation four fragrance fresh from 7 to 9 morning Kun
mountain - frost furiously named gate gate-tower genius gentleness ginger
give gives birth (giving to) goes gold good government grass weeds grazes
great greatly happiness has heaven hidden depths hold if imitate addition
autumn increase - disintegration leisure intercalary timing winter (is)  
brief is built close, extreme (just so) ((to be) long normal) printed
(sadness stains silk) issues trouble it's - measure word, they spread dusk
jade know learn - (review lessons) life lightly like lines line up love
makes (creates) making many measurement years men minister model mustard
near negative (un- ) neglect never nothingness not (un) obey ability
children darkness desire (of)  evil official fruit power (the others)
shape sorrow, sadness study father (parallels) guest supreme ruler (of
the)  wild pear (one is)  thinking (one's)  fame (on self (self-reliance))
open pleasing plum poetry poverty precious predicted proclaim proper
(upright) prosper prospers prostrate prudent public (quantity)  measure-
word query question or problem rain raise - ration reality recitation
(poem, song) rectification reliance respect restraint, conquering
returning robes < clothing salted say sending serves (accepts) sheep
(sheep) shift position should - sincerity, fidelity skirts sky small
(lamb) so lu speak stands - stopping (ceaselessly) strictly (accurately)
strike down summit take (create) talk tang teaching accumulation army
boundary (business)  affairs capital cause certainty ch'in constellations
cosmos country deep (the)  (abyss) double-edged dagger emperor empty end
fire guilty harvesting heat hiding, concealing hosts huge ink leaders
leftover residue light moon fills then name origin other pearl people
person phoenix praise - rake there rearing river rivers royal sage sea
sections sun sets west sweetness throne tool (utensil) treasure value
pride way white this tied lined-up (to)  service tread (put shoes) trust
trying case uniforms, wearing unyielding vegetables (vegetation) view,
scenery virtuous warm water what - passes wisdom (with) quiet, peaceful
women work writing yao yellow :: black, yield yin (shadow, moon, sexual
organs, feminine, secret)...


