


out of nowhere


aaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaaa aaaaa aaa aa aaaaaaa. aaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaaa aa aaaa
aaaaaaa. aaa aaaaaaaaaa aa aaaa aa. aa aaa aaa, aaaa. aaa aaaaaaaaa aaaaaa
aaa aaaaa aa aaaaaaaa. aa aaaa aa aaaaaaaa aaaa aaa aaa aaaaa. aa aaaaaaa
aa aaa aaaaaaaaaaa aa aaaaaaaa aaaaaaaa 'aa aaaa aaaaaaaaaaa.' aa aaaaa
aaa aaa aaaaaaaa. aa aaaaa aaaa aaaaaaaaa aaaaa aaa aa aaaaaaa aaa aaaaaaa
aa aaaaaaa. aa aaa aaa aaaaa aa aaa. aaaa aaaaaaaa aaaa aaaa aaaaaaaa.
aaaaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaaaa aaaa. aaaaa aaaaaa aaaa aaaaa aaaa. aa aaaa aaa
aaaa. aaaaaaaa aa aaaaaaa.

aaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaaa aaaaa aa aaaa aaaa aaa aaaa aaa aaaaa. aaa aaaaa
aaaaa aaa aaa aa aa. aaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaa aaa. a aaaa aaaaa aa
aaaa aaaaa. aa aaaa aaa aaaaaa aa aa aa aaa aa aa aaaaa aa aaaa aaaaaa aa
aaaaaaaa. aaaaaaaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaa. aaaaa aaa aaa aaaaa aaaa aa. aaaa aaaa
aaaaaaa. aaaa aaaa aaaaaaa aa aaa.

abb aabaaa abbaaabaa abbba bba ba ababaaa. abb aabaaa abbaaabaa ab aaab
ababaaa. abb aabaaaaaab aa baba ba. aa aba aba, abba. abb abbaaabaa bbabba
abb abaab ba babbabab. ab aaab aa abaaaaaa abab abb bbb aaaba. ab abbbbab
aa abb abaabbbbbba ba babbbbba baabaaba 'ba baaa abaabbaaaba.' ab ababa
abb aba aaaabaab. ab ababa abaa bbbaaaaaa abbba bba ba ababbbb aaa bbabbaa
ab ababbbb. ab abb abb abbba ab aab. baaa aababaab aaaa aaba aababaab.
abbab bbaaaa baabbaaaaa abaa. abbab bbaaaa baab abbab aabb. ab baab bbb
aabb. babbabab aa aaaaaaa.

abb aabaaa abbaaabaa aaaaa ab baaa aaab baa abba aaa baaaa. baa aaaba
bbaaa bab bab ba ba. abb aabaaa abbaaabaa aabaaaaba bab. a aaaa abaab ba
aaaa abbaa. aa abba aba baaabb aa aa aa bab bb aa babbb bb baaa babbba bb
babbabab. aababaab bbbbaa aababaab. abbab bba aaa abbba aaaa aa. abba aaaa
ababaaa. abba aaaa ababaaa aa aaa.

abb cabcca cbbccabaa cbdbc bba bc ababcaa. abb cabcca cbbccabaa ab caab
ababcaa. abb acbcaccccb cc bcba bc. cc aba aba, abba. abb cbbccabaa bbabbc
abb abaab bc bcbbcbab. ab cccb ca cbacaaaa cbab cbb bbb cccbc. ab abbdbcb
ca abb abcabbbbbba bc babbdbbc dacbcabc 'bc dacc abcabbcacba.' ab cbaba
abb aba caaabaab. ab cbaba abaa bbbaaccac cbdbc bba bc ababbbb aaa bbabbac
ab ababbbb. ab abb abb abbba ab acb. bacc ccbcbacb accc cabc ccbcbacb.
abbcb bbacac baabbcaaaa abaa. abbcb bbacac bcab abbcb acdb. ab bcab bbb
acdb. bcbbcbab cc aacacaa.

abb cabcca cbbccabaa aaaac ab bccc acab bcc abdc aaa baaac. bcc acabc
bbcaa bcd bab bc bc. abb cabcca cbbccabaa cabaaacbc bcd. c accc abcab dc
caca abbac. ca abbc aba daaabb cc ca cc bcd bb aa babbb bb daac babbbc bb
bcbbcbab. ccbcbacb bbbbac ccbcbacb. abbcb dba aaa abdba aaaa ca. abbc aaaa
ababcaa. abbc aaaa ababcaa aa acc.

abe fabccd ceefcdeaa cbgef bba bf ababcaa. abe fabccd ceefcdeaa ab caab
ababcaa. abe acbcaffcfe cf bcba bf. cf aba abd, dbea. abe ceefcdeaa bedeef
abe deaab bf eceefbae. de fcce ca cbafaaaa feae fbe bbe fccef. de aeegbfe
ca abe aecabbbebbd bf eabegbbf gacbcaef 'bf gaff defaebcacba.' de feaea
abe aed faaabaae. de feaea abaa bebaafcaf cbgef bba bf abdbeee aad eeabeaf
ab abdbeee. de dbb aee abbba ab dce. baff ccbfeace dcff fabc ccbfeace.
abefe beafaf badeefaaad abaa. abefe beafaf bcde abece acge. de bcde bbe
acge. eceefbae cf dacacaa.

abe fabccd ceefcdeaa daaaf ab ecff dcab bcf aegf aad baadf. bcf acdef
becaa bcg bae bf bf. abe fabccd ceefcdeaa faeaaafef bcg. c dcff decae gf
fafa dbedf. ca dbef aba gaaaee cf ca cf bcg be aa babee be gaaf babeef be
eceefbae. ccbfeace beeedf ccbfeace. abefe gea aad dbgea daaa ca. abef daaa
ababcaa. abef daaa ababcaa aa aff.

ghe fghcid ceefideag cbmef bhg bf abghiag. ghe fghcid ceefideag gb iagb
abghiag. ghe acbcallcfe if hcba hf. if abg abj, jhea. ghe ceefideag bedeef
ghe deagh bf eieelbae. je liie ia cbafgaag feae fbe bhe liief. je geemble
ia ghe aeighbbebbd bf eabembhf machiaef 'bf maff defgehcgiba.' je leaea
ghe aej laaghage. je leaea ghag behgaligl cbmef bhg bf abjheee aad eegheaf
gb abjheee. je jhb aee abbhg gb die. ball iibleace jill fgbc iibleace.
ghefe beafgf hadeefgaad ghag. ghefe beafgf bide gheie gime. je bide bhe
gime. eieelbae if jaigiag.

ghe fghcid ceefideag jaagf gb kill jigh hif aemf aad haadf. hif aidef
beiag him bae bf hf. ghe fghcid ceefideag fgeaaglef him. i jill jeige ml
lafg jbedf. ig dbef abg maggee if ig if him be aa bghee be maal bgheef be
eieelbae. iibleace beeedf iibleace. ghefe mea aad jbmea jaag ig. ghel jaag
abghiag. ghel jaag abghiag ag all.

the stupid president comes out of nothing. the stupid president go into
nothing. the apocalypse is upon us. if not now, when. the president orders
the death of everyone. we live in constant fear for our lives. we tremble
in the neighborood of enormous machines 'of mass destruction.' we learn
the new language. we learn that brutality comes out of nowhere and returns
to nowhere. we who are about to die. only violence will stop violence.
these beasts understand that. these beasts bide their time. we bide our
time. everyone is waiting.

the stupid president wants to kill with his arms and hands. his aides
bring him one of us. the stupid president strangles him. i will write my
last words. it does not matter if it is him or an other or many others or
everyone. violence breeds violence. these men and women want it. they want
nothing. they want nothing at all.

   
