


why codework


wary of any art movement tending towards genre, not that the two are 
simultaneous or even related. there are limits to codework; on one hand 
the code itself, on the other the process the code sends - what - through 
- text/image/subject/object/monad/desire - think of it as retinal 
filtering - that is the isolation, production, and naming of objects 
within the continuum of the world - it's both structure and generative 
process - the latter tending towards ontology. 

what is, is the domain of production - the input, to the extent that it is 
text/image etc. - i.e. not generated within the program itself - is 
parasitic, the third term within the communication process - on one hand 
traditional 'content' - on the other - 'noise' within the system that 
modifies and is modified by the output.

i tend to think of this in terms of two large-scale operations - that of 
consciousness and its relation to inputting and outputting - fuzzy and 
rough domains at best - not a behavior analysis - but one stressing the 
interpretation and phenomenology of consciousness within the filter - 
seeing this as the way the world is, that is to say the relationship of 
consciousness to the world is vis-a-vis formal and informal systems in 
which filtering/language produces discrete elements in relation to 
consciousness on one hand and the world on the other - 

and then again - the second large-scale operation - that of the universe - 
plasma, virtual particles - the disruptions and collusion/collocation of 
structures - momentary buildups, impediments - codework at the limits in 
other words connecting, a connector among others, between self and cosmos 
- without descent into the mu of zazen for example - or ma, space/interval 
- looking at correlated particles for example in relation to, but not 
always, the space between them -

so that there is a production of meaning, the gleaning from across all of 
this - structure, process, the parasitic - it's the production that is 
also an inhabitation and interpretation by consciousness - it's the 
situation of being-human in the world - it's worlding itself - 

at least this is how it seems to me, the movement-genre is irrelevant - 
what's important is the exploration of consciousness and the relationship 
among articulated entities in the world - there's something of cognitive 
psychology to this (but messier) and something of art as well (but more 
exact, almost uncomfortable, diacritical) -

not a movement or genre but the loose domain or pooling of the confluence 
of structure and content (in the traditional sense), subject and object 
(in the traditional sense), i and not-i (in the traditional sense) - 
dichotomy itself - or the very nature of distinction - the sheffer stroke 
or its dual for example as the basis - neither a nor b - not both a and b 
- already tending towards the quantum mechanics of superimposition and the 
phenomenology of the gesture -


