





mouth.mov


the star-field, more numerous than usual, principally between the mouthing
mouth and doubled orality of the mouth-breast, breast-breast, the stars as
skin-emanations, emanation-skins, circulations and ellipsoidal, calling or
beckonings, the scanning camera which is our eyes outside of the planes,
beyond the reaches of mouths and breasts, unknown to the doubling subjects
within the spaces and times of the imagery, the slow swaying of the world
as if absorption of each and every thing, the liquidity and pastels of the
breathing of the planes, organisms, continuous neoteny of our universal
homelands -:primarily the first or secondarily, against the background,
mouth opening and closing, it's there, spaceless, conditioning the space,
the orality of the mouth as if the pill of the desiccated sphere or
wounded plane were already an absorption, but in reality the plane and
sphere occlusions, the glittering of the teeth, muteness and lustre of the
lips, tongue held back, restrained, in the arched space, the coming-
forward and retreating occlusions heretofore of the mouth, present and
impresent, an imbalance -:the breast is duplicated, the scan across the
manipulated breast on a planar tilt, the interruptions by a sphere already
interrupted by breast-mapping and distortion traveling a secondary scan
across the first, the tilt of the first, the camera moving across the
first, encountering the second, the manipulated breast of the secondary or
primary scan conditioned by an interrupted flow of swollen matrix, the
oral longing:none:none

DOES the breast is duplicated, the scan across the manipulated breast on a
planar tilt, the interruptions by a sphere already interrupted by breast-
mapping and distortion traveling a secondary scan across the first, the
tilt of the first, the camera moving across the first, encountering the
second, the manipulated breast of the secondary or primary scan condi-
tioned by an interrupted flow of swollen matrix, the oral longing REPLACE
YOUR star-field, more numerous than usual, principally between the
mouthing mouth and doubled orality of the mouth-breast, breast-breast, the
stars as skin-emanations, emanation-skins, circulations and ellipsoidal,
calling or beckonings, the scanning camera which is our eyes outside of
the planes, beyond the reaches of mouths and breasts, unknown to the
doubling subjects within the spaces and times of the imagery, the slow
swaying of the world as if absorption of each and every thing, the liquid-
ity and pastels of the breathing of the planes, organisms, continuous
neoteny of our universal homelands -


