


scrip


negotiator assaults i'm my best:  you almost read world.

right-hand brush vertical poised brush standing poised or standing upright
or seating upright with seating clear with right-hand clear vertical mind
of and 1930 presence calligraphy of book 1930 doing calligraphy service
book following doing with service mind following and unknown unknown
writing meaning, meaning, and look: clear do mind this unknown this::  
will this:: follow.

look: nature a i good-natured am sort left-handed, of a fellow, good-
natured clumsy sort writing fellow, nature clumsy i always here, lacking
right-hand clarity: vertical here, brush, brush, into scrawl always into
lacking http://www.asondheim.org/portal/script1.jpg, script2.jpg,
script3.jpg, to

hang:: from hanging vertical from brush, fingers cursive: breathing look:
cursive: don't don't hanging expect i much can't me:: this, can't do this,
expect never much can from this. look: the the follow: < left-or-right > 
< the complex will spaces follow: > of night am follow best:: you: look:
negotiations am best:: i negotiator > assaults best: i'm < my of best:  
spaces you look: almost can read almost world. the right-hand vertical
brush poised standing or upright seating with clear mind and presence of
1930 calligraphy book doing service following with clear mind unknown
writing and of unknown meaning, look: do this and this:: look: this will
follow.

of nature i am left-handed, a good-natured sort of fellow, clumsy writing 
and always lacking clarity: here, right-hand vertical brush, i scrawl into 
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/script1.jpg, script2.jpg, script3.jpg, to 
hang:: hanging from vertical brush, fingers breathing cursive: look: don't 
expect much from me:: look: i can't do this, never can do this.

the will will follow: of the brush left-or-right < complex of spaces > 
into this night i follow you: of negotiations i am the best:: look: i am 
negotiator < complex of spaces > writing assaults me:: i'm doing my best: 
look: you can almost read the world.


