


more


hunting the skein. when there isn't. it's one man knowing. the bomb's
here. it's one man to one signal. it's one guy willing. it's a matter of
hours. it's a matter of minutes. of seconds. there's no operatives.
there's one operative.  he's decided. the fuel was stolen a while ago. it
was lost a while ago.  this is already fact. there are kilos missing. he's
got it and he's got the bomb. they can't spread out and find him. he knows
no one. he's unlisted. he's unregistered. he came through canada. he came
through mexico. by boat. by plane. by car. foot. he's here. he's across
the river. he's across the other river. he travels alone. he's broken all
connections. no one speaks to him. no cellular. no radio, no
transmissions. no email and no connections. no broken connections. he's on
his own. he's an agent of no one. he can't be traced.

they've got the others. they torture now. there's no other way. they shock 
the balls, the cunt. they cut pieces off. everyone talks or doesn't. it 
makes no difference. he's expulsion. he's particle. they're rounding up. 
they're never any closer. they're never any farther. they're in different 
worlds. 

the machine is there. the machine is hidden. it's not in the truck. it's
not anywhere. he's not waiting for it. nothing is waiting. he's connected
to the machine. he doesn't write anything. he doesn't read anything. there
are no signals. there's no hidden agenda. there's no agenda.

it's one man to one signal. he has the signal. he has the application of
the signal. the signal is a lever. the signal is a button. the signal is a
keyboard. it's not a key. it's not a circuit. there are no keys. there are
no circuits.

they've got the leader. they've got the inner circle. they've got the 
outer circle. they've read the email. they've monitored the transmissions. 
they've intercepted. they've interfered. they've included and they've cut 
off. they have photographs and recordings. they have evidence and prints. 
they have dna and voice. they have names and addresses. they have plans 
and passports.

they know everything. 

the man moves towards his thing. the man keys in.


