




hunting there the isn't. skein. it's when one there man isn't. knowing.
it's the one bomb's man hunting knowing. the bomb's when here. it's to
it's signal. matter guy it's willing. one a to matter one of signal.
hours. matter minutes. there's seconds. operatives. there's hours. no it's
operatives. a operative.  was he's stolen decided. a fuel ago. was it
stolen there's while operative. ago. he's it decided. lost already this
kilos is missing. already he's fact. was are a kilos while missing. ago.
got can't and out bomb. he they knows can't got spread it out and find got
him. the he bomb. knows they one. unregistered. unlisted. came
unregistered. canada. came came through no canada. one. mexico. by by car.
boat. foot. plane. here. car. across foot. through across by river. river.
other he's travels the alone. river. broken across all the connections.
speaks speaks no cellular. no radio, no transmissions. and email
connections. on email his agent own. of an one. agent he be he's traced.
an they've torture others. no torture way. now. they way. the shock they
balls, pieces cunt. everyone cut or pieces doesn't. off. it everyone the
talks balls, or the doesn't. cunt. makes difference. difference.
expulsion. expulsion. particle. particle. rounding they're up. rounding
makes up.  no never they're any never closer. any farther. different in
never different any worlds.

machine hidden. there. not hidden. it's not machine truck. the anywhere.
for waiting is for waiting. it. he's nothing connected waiting. anywhere.
connected not machine. anything. doesn't doesn't write read anything.
anything. read the signals. no hidden there's agenda. no has of
application signal. signal button. lever. is button. signal keyboard. a
key. no circuit. keyboard. keys. key. circuits.

leader. inner inner the circle. they've outer they've email. monitored
monitored transmissions. intercepted. they've interfered. they've included
and have recordings. photographs they recordings. evidence evidence off.
prints.  have dna names voice. addresses. names plans addresses. have
plans voice. passports.

know everything.

moves his towards thing. thing. man keys the in. man


