




f(UI,mr):

*/unique index file mr/*

Ap Th be ba ag -- me di wo re he ro fr th Ke of Ga pa ga in Pe a fa al go
to ta sh on pl & is wh li pi up as ha ne ou fe at ti un se de ar sm It br
by gi da No Ma Gr Ni Do Le Ko He an ma no - ev mu us la fu sp or st gu ca
bo na ab Wo == su em "I wa ea I kn gr sw fo yo ol pu cl mo vi co le tu wi
rh 18 tr ri lo va ci ce en 7 we ir op si so ob ni o ey am ho lu ph wr it
pe ac cu "T RE ke BL EL KE SI 20 cr ww BU TH BO Yo sl ge hu do Bu Fo od fl
ap bu In hy gl im hi pr St ch I' vo mi po Sp cy sc ef af Ov WO AD To 22 dr
Or sa au El :: // >/ << >> :< "r Ba bl Ja Hu "b fi Is Mi _i ex te sk my /
av "l PA (D Ed Po p. ru (s Jo 9 Sl A- 50 ot "O tw qu ps ht ov 0. 3. 37 41
5. 6. 8. 9. MI b2 mm nu ur Tr 35 .m ad We Se es Te Ne cd i je [y [n ra eu
ye el i' il ec ow ep if 'h 's k2 ks k3 Es 'I At 'e ju id Wh 't So ki 'b sy
ed Di ve Am 'g 'l Un 'f 'p Ye 17 13 81 1 10 12 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 PO
AB AL AV BK CI CO CY DE DI FI FL FO FU IN KY LO MO NO PR QU SO VI WR k1 DU
GE LA SE SY TA oh 3D AS AZ BE BI CL D. D7 DH DR GO HE JE JU KD LI MA ME NE
OR ST WA 19 Go On (T < > Br Ca Ch E. Fu Ge Gi Ia J. Mo Ra \ ia 'C Al An Ar
Da De E- Fr Ka La Mc RO US a. c ij jo mz 3r 7- : 0v 3s AO IS J_ KJ Mu RW
b. bg bi cg cj ck ct db dd dj ds dt du e. ek et gd gg gm gn gq gw h. i2 iv
ja jd jh ji jl jt k. ka kk ko kr lc ll mc mf mg ms mt mw og r. sg sj ty vf
vs ze =? A. AC Me AN AR Ab Ad Ag Ah Au Av Aw Az BA BH BR Be Bi Bo C C. CC
CF CS CT Cl Co cw Cr Cu Cy DK DS Dr Du EC EK Ea Em Ev Ex Fi Fl G GU Gh Gl
Gu Gw H H. HS Ha Ho Hr Im Ir Iv JD JO JR Je Ji Ju KA KO Ki Kn Kr L L. LY
Li Lo Lu Ly M. MP MS My N. Na Nm OP Ob Ol Os Ow P[ Pa Ph Pi Pr Ps Pu Qu R
RC RF Re Ri Ro Ru Ry S. SA SC SV Sa Sc Sh Si Sm Su Sy TB TC Ta Ti Tu Ty UC
UV Ul Up Va Ve Vi Vl WI Wa Wi Wr Xi YA Zi Zw _a aN ah ai ao ay az bb bc bk
bt bw cb cc cm cn cs d' d4 dl dn e- eg er ew ez f fd fp gp hc hd e hp hs
i. ic ig ih ii t ix jf jj jm jp jr jw jy kl l lm lp lt mI mb pk mj ml mr
np nr ns nt ny o- om os oz pc pd g pg pt rc rj rm rw ry sb sd sv tc Fe tt
u ul ut uw vc xm xs xt ya za zd zl zo zu .! .h .p .s -, .t "| '; /u 75 #s
/l /n q /s 2 (k ?\ (l "s (a "/ "d "z wm (S Pl eq aw Ku yi (v (1 (g (i (c
(! (p (u (q (o (r (f 1/ ) (m (t (j (b (e (w [. dw 4- ug x- ly /b TR 'a If
Vo Bl w ls pw df Id 4/ Ey 6' 2" Oc 32 En Fa 38 31 98 UR 24 21 4; Ci "P Hy
Bh $ 16 Ac Op Sk U. dy zz UW PI 4. vu (A "N CH ? 5 [ ] 0: 1: 2: s 3: 4: 5:
6: 7: 8: oc 7g k4 bn k5 wc 76 28 k6 WH DO YO ON AM AG HA PH OT UN IM OF FA
IR TE FR SH SU IT A EN QA OS IF KN EV RI AP TO MY WE EX BY "i "U Eu n " S
F P p d v r b m h 6 T M 0 ( N W B O j 3 y (C W. Ot iz 30


