



contents:



s o n t c


" S s - S F - t F P t p P d p o d " o s t a l n c a a t n a a a t a a w a
t a l w c v v s s t t i i p p r r s s l l a S S l l s s b b m a r a a o a
s o o o a s m c r s P P s s a t t i i l l p p c o a f b o w c e a o b l e
u l f u c m o a a r m o t a 2 u r 2 v c p l i b h 6 p m o b f p o h c p l
f 6 o m e b n t o p r e o a a b s g p p g b p a b s d d a a t t p p r r o
t s s l b o l u u T s s T o s w p p p s p p h s o p s a p o o a o e u s s
u o r p p a M a t t a s d f f a a l l a a a a o o f f a m f b l a l a n l
o d s a a d m s m a p m m m d c a t v t a u 0 0 b i d i o f s s n o a s p
v t v a t d a r t

( R a F F F o N N S W A B O 1 n

i t c i f c t c t a c r - p a t a c p r - a o m b c i b s s 1 f w 1 c w n
s b l f b b f s f a b o w w b h h s s u u d d p a e p j e b i b j i b t r
a w a i 3 s i p i 3 r 3 w 3 h w p a m c i f e y l e a 1 t p c l f l t m m
e o w t m o t s s l o m s w c r t g r a g t f n a m n c m t h t d t l m t
t l o l h h r i m : t l m e w t m o t s o f s c t t r g f a t n m h d n m
h l t i l n m t l o h r n m t i


sion or negative-imaginary the closest


"Neuropteris Stur schlehani - Stur Fond - tripinnate. Fond Primary
tripinnate. pinnae, Primary distant pinnae, or distant "Neuropteris or
schlehani touching, abruptly large, near contracting apex abruptly to near
acute apex angle, to and acute with angle, touching, and large, with
contracting very very small, small, terminal, terminal, inequilateral
inequilateral pinnule; pinnule; rachis, rachis, striated striated
longitudin- longitudinally. ally. Secondary Secondary linear-lanceolate,
linear-lanceolate, slightly slightly base base more acute rapidly apex,
apex, oblique, alternative, straight openly or oblique, and straight more
curved; rachis, striated. Pinnules, Pinnules, subcoriaceous, subcori-
aceous, those those in in low low position position curved; on at front,
base, oblong, with cordate entire at or base, lobed entire undulate lobed
front, undulate cordate margins, open attached angles right more open to
angles 2 up right 2 very cm. pinnules long in by higher 6 positions mm. on
broad; frond, pinnules oblong higher cm. positions long frond, 6 oblong
mm. elliptical, base, normal to oblique pinnules rachis; elliptical, of
attached a by secondary greater pinna, part greater becoming part apex
becoming secondary decurrent decurrent alethopteroid; alethopteroid;
terminal terminal pinnules, pinnules, relatively relatively oblong-
triangular, slight slight lobe basal on lobe upper upper The side. short
The oblong-triangular, short with pinnae primary primary several pinna
pairs, have secondary one pinnae several apex pairs, of ovate and oblong-
elliptical until segment small, until ovate replaced pinnules. pinnules.
and Mid-vein, alethopteroid thick, to alethopteroid short distance from
from apex; apex; laterals, laterals, alethopteroid, alethopteroid, arising
arising obliquely, obliquely, forked forked at margin forked both largest
arms lobed again, near largest one divisions so are as deflected meet so
margins as pinnules meet more margins divisions commonly at twenty-five
very thirty-two angles ultimate 0.5 0.5 basal inferior decurrent is or fed
simple several, near once apex simple pinna veins that veins arise that
directly arise rachis." the

(Carboniferous Rocks and Fossil Floras Fossil of Northern Nova Scotia,
W. A. Bell, Ottawa, 1944) now

it this comes it from comes the carboniferous this anthracite closest
region - pennsylvania a these appeared close pennsylvania relative -
appeared of my buried collections, in buried susquehanna susquehanna 1972,
flood which 1972, collections, which now swallowed basement large first
basement building first swallowed floor a building of wilkes-barre wilkes-
barre historical historical society; society; underground underground
decontextual- decontextualized, present appearing era, present judging
era, by image-fossil, book, judging ized, book, the resonant and what and
i 35, seen i plates is 30 resonant 32 what 35, have walked plates among my
coal in flora early youth learning early among 1950s the pennsylvania,
coal learning flora locate the myself mobius elsewhere of within time,
mobius out time, spatial spewed locate out myself spatial within cloaca,
reichenbach's tethered genidentity, reichenbach's all genidentity, time,
for no all matter no cloaca, matter tethered how to dismembered; time
little matter time the left, of location how heavy rock, image-real matter
::learning to locate myself elsewhere within the mobius of time, spewed
out from spatial cloaca, tethered to reichenbach's genidentity, for all
time, no matter how dismembered; no matter how little time is left, no
matter the location of heavy rock, no matter the impres



