


why i vote jesus mary mother of god

[yes] lower taxes [no] gun control saving the babies raising conservation
euthanasia attack iraq war on terror support united nations iran yemen
troops in middle [yes] east troops alcohol tobacco tax federal crime [yes]
to federal smoke crime marijuana to no income for social [no] security
support socialized medicine parochial [yes] schools support god america
support love of [yes] jesus of mary god flag of animal rights
experimentation stem cell research atheism peace corporate breaks
prosecution ceos free [yes] trade support [yes] taxes lower [yes] taxes
lower [no] control gun [no] control gun saving [yes] the saving babies the
raising [no] conservation [no] euthanasia [no] attack [yes] iraq attack
war [yes] on war terror on support [no] united support nations united iran
attack yemen attack troops [yes] in troops middle in east middle alcohol
[no] tobacco alcohol tax tobacco federal [yes] crime federal to crime
smoke to marijuana smoke no [yes] income no for support social for
security social socialized [no] medicine socialized parochial for schools
parochial god support america in love [yes] of love jesus god mary jesus
flag of animal [no] rights animal experimentation animal stem [no] cell
stem research cell atheism [no] peace [no] corporate [yes] breaks tax
prosecution [no] ceos of free of trade free [yes] lower taxes [no] gun
control [yes] saving the babies [no] raising taxes [no] conservation [no]
euthanasia [yes] attack iraq [yes] war on terror [no] support united
nations [yes] attack iran [yes] attack yemen [yes] troops in middle east
[no] alcohol tobacco tax [yes] federal crime to smoke marijuana [yes] no
income tax [no] support for social security [no] socialized medicine [yes]
support for parochial schools [yes] support god in america [yes] love of
god jesus mary [yes] love of flag love of god [no] animal rights [yes]
animal experimentation [no] stem cell research [no] atheism [no] peace
[yes] war [yes] war on united nations [yes] corporate tax breaks [no]
prosecution of ceos [yes] support of free trade


