


Essay on 'It is good that skinheads are in power.'


It wasn't until the skinheads began going to graduate schools, that things
really began to change around here. At first there was resistance, and in
fact a lot of the early ones converted, as if they saw the 'error of their
ways.' But as more and more came in, the junior faculty and adjuncts were
affected themselves, and soon, more and more key positions were held by
this segment of the population, a fifth column of supremacists and
marauders that no longer gave credence to the idea that 'education was for
everyone.' Whatever minorities did make it in 'the hallowed walls' soon
found themselves the targets of unmitigated criticism from all sides. Some
did stay the course, and often were converted into a kind of self-hatred;
many left for 'better pastures' outside the school system altogether. 

It wasn't long before the school boards of some of the nation's top states
fell under the sway of the skinheads, and education went back to the
primary values of Dick and Jane, in which the highest goal was the white
suburban street with a station wagon in every driveway. Here, they could
relax and enjoy themselves as affected by the education system, and for
the majority of the country, people agreed and found themselves quite well
off and secure for the first time. The elements who didn't belong were
taken care of in other ways, without the self-punishing rage of the
earlier skinhead movement, who were 'held up for valour' but never imitat-
ed, as there was no need for violence in this very tight American society. 

There were many discussions among themselves as to the best way to do
things now that they were in their hands finally, and they decided that
everyone should have their 'head examined' as to their thinking and their
support of war-time effort that was always being made. It was a chance to
not 'spare the rod' but apply it everywhere to our conquered foes who were
waiting for a chance to participate in the 'good life.' What can I say but
I did approve of all of this because the 'liberal bad-boys' were now out
of power and we could get a good education in our fundamental values from
which the United States was carved from. It was a remarkable time and it
still is since those 'foes at bay' have nothing to gain any more by giving
in to the 'powers out there' when we offer then a first-class security and
not having to vote. 

Yes this is a 'good time to give in to the skinheads who are securely
running the country and know what's best for us.' I whole-heartedly
support this conclusion which is the best thing for many people and should
be supported by everyone.


The New Work at www.asondheim.org:

224	./portal/book/talks
1795	./portal/book
130	./portal/basic
8189	./portal/polypore
1	./portal/article
109071	./portal
122147	.

005.jpg 006.jpg 011.jpg 024.jpg 026.jpg 038.jpg 039.jpg 043.jpg 045.jpg
046.jpg 054.jpg 061.jpg 062.jpg 065.jpg 069.jpg 070.jpg 074.jpg 076.jpg
078.jpg POLY32.JPG POLY33.JPG POLY34.JPG poly0078.jpg poly0080.jpg
poly0084.jpg poly0087.jpg poly0089.jpg poly0092.jpg poly0094.jpg
poly0096.jpg poly0097.jpg poly0104.jpg poly0111.jpg poly0114.jpg
poly0115.jpg poly0119.jpg poly0122.jpg poly0123.jpg poly13.JPG poly14.JPG
poly15.JPG poly18.JPG poly23.JPG poly26.JPG poly27.JPG poly28.JPG
poly29.JPG poly3.JPG poly31.jpg poly35.jpg poly5.JPG poly6.JPG poly7.JPG
poly8.JPG poly9.JPG

ABACUS.TXT ALAN2.TXT ALANSO.JPG AVATARS.TXT BKREVIEW.TXT CINEMA.TXT
COMPBIO.TXT CYBINFO.TXT DEADTIME.TXT DEFUGE.TXT DIARY.TXT DIARY2.TXT
DIARY3.TXT FIGURE.TXT FILMVID.TXT FLUX.TXT FOPINFO.TXT FUTCULT.TXT
FUTURE.TXT INTRVIEW.TXT KYOKO.TXT LOVE.TXT MIAMI.txt MODEL.TXT NOISE.TXT
POET.TXT POTEPOET.TXT PROSEBIO.TXT QUEER.TXT REDYEAR.TXT RESUME.TXT
SOUND.TXT THROAT.TXT VIDEO.TXT VIDEO2.TXT WRITING.TXT cancer.txt cybinfo
echo.txt essay film.txt fop.txt k1 oldaba.txt panamar.txt para.txt
parable.txt phen.txt play.txt portug.txt postmode.txt sophia.txt
stelarc.txt talks third.txt writing2.txt

ALAN.TXT ALAN2.TXT COURSE.TXT DUST.TXT GEOG.TXT LANGUAGE.TXT SEXTALK.TXT
SYDNEY TALK.TXT bloom imago ohioconf

3D.BAS ASCII.BAS AZURE BEEB.BAS BI2DEL.BAS BIFURDEL.BAS CLOUD3.BAS
CLOUD4.BAS CLOUDSIN.BAS COL7.BAS COLCLOUD.BAS D.BAS D7.BAS DELCLOUD.BAS
DELL3.BAS DELL7.BAS DHENON.BAS DRAPRINT.BAS DRAWALK.BAS DRAWALK2.BAS
DRAWALK3.BAS DRAWALK4.BAS DRAWALK5.BAS DRAWALK6.BAS DRAWDELL.BAS
DRAWTEST.BAS FULLIFE.BAS GOODBYE.BAS HENON.BAS HENON2.BAS JENN JULIA.BAS
JULU KDATE LIFE.BAS LIFELINE.BAS LINEAR.BAS LINEQ.BAS MASS.BAS MESS3.BAS
MESSCLR.BAS MISSCLR.BAS MOSS.BAS MOSS2.BAS NEW.BAS NEWJU ORBITING.BAS
REMLINE.BAS SIN.BAS SINCIRC.BAS SINTAN.BAS SINTAN1.BAS SINTAN2.BAS
SINTAN3.BAS SINTAN4.BAS SINTAN5.BAS STAR.BAS STAR1.BAS STAR2.BAS STARR.BAS
WALK.BAS julua newj.cmd parent


