


nicely


the university spews knowledge, books, seminars, papers, email lists, web-
pages, periodicals, journals, conversations, theories, hypotheses, data-
banks, computer programs, operating systems; here are the professors, the
undergraduates, the adjuncts, the graduate students, the secretaries, the
support staff; here is the speaking and the writing, telephoning and radio
talk shows, television productions and theatrical or dance performances,
paintings and sculptures of all types, mechanical and electronic artworks
with moving parts and sensors and lights and online connections, hybrid
plants and animals, engineering marvels of new alloys and plastics and
architectural wonders, groundbreaking legal decisions and opinions, novels
and stories, poetry and epic works of enunciation, new forms of surgery
and medication, streamlining of production methods and global economic
efficiencies, sport contests which are one for the record book, evidence
from archaeology of new civilizations and cultures, standardizations of
theoretical evidence in the physical sciences, abstruse mathematical
proofs of inconceivable dimensions and typologies, veterinarian break-
throughs, sociological analyses of inner city phenomena and their rectifi-
cations, rotc military marches and maneuvers of totally new types never
before practiced, musical expertise previously unheard-of, computation of
pi to 1.25 trillion places breaking all previous records, the development
of the three-minute mile, complete comprehension of consciousness and
imagination through cognitive psychology, the mapping of polar shifts in
planetary magnetic fields through sensitive magnetometer studies, new
theories and probings into parapsychological phenomena and god in western
and other civilizations, the political economy of slash-and-burn tribal
organizations, transliteration-translations of proto-sumerian and other
early forms of writing, depth analysis of deep-sea black smoker interiors,
untold and brilliant new effects in digital video and film transfers,
re-enactments of massive theatrical experiences at the basis of modern
egalitarian and totalitarian movements, biographies of presidents and
kings, complete gender analyses and differentiations in historiographical
research, slavery and plantation studies of the united states and other
colonial or neo-colonial powers, periphyton research grounding wetlands
issues in a number of sub-tropical states and territories, demographics of
polypores and similar world-wide species, articulations of expert system
and artificially intelligent robotic arms, composition of virtual parti-
cles within the external dimensions of string theory and dark matter
phenomenologies, the relationship of the ding-an-sich to the feminine,
ultimate psychoanalytics of fantasy, stressed structures of monolayer
membranes, propagation of quantum computing applied to previously unsolved
mathematical conundra, superb sideline cheerleading acrobatics and extrav-
aganzas;  here are the tall red-brick or cantilevered glass-and-gray
buildings and vistas, the grounds and athletic fields, the dormitories and
greek letter houses, the cafeterias and student centers and bookstores,
the computer labs and biology and physics labs, the libraries and class-
rooms, the swimming-pools and parking-lots, the copy-centers.


