




The Best Writer


I want to be the best writer in the world. I want to be the best writer in
any language so if someone sees my writing they will surely say, this must
be translated into my native language, I have never seen writing so good
as this writing is. I want my writing to be the most meaningful, so the
smallest society in the most out-of-the-way place will say, this writing
must be translated into our language and distributed among our people and
our animals and plants because there is no writing as deep and meaningful
as this writing is. Because I am the best writer in the world, my writing
will be preserved in all media, birch-bark and book, etched steel and
internet, and there will be a museum of my writing for all media, it will
show how the best writing can be preserved and you will be able to see
many different kinds of media. I want to be paid for my best writing, by
the letter and not the word or piece, and I want people to say, my writing
is a new language by itself, and we must have studies in this new language
and everyone will benefit more than they have benefited from any other
writing which is all old writing and will be old writing for all time
after this new writing. I want my writing to end all war and bad feelings,
because with this new writing, there will be no reason to fight, because
everyone will be reading and talking about this new writing, which is a
writing of good feelings and how there are good feelings and why. I will
spend the rest of my life writing this good writing and working on this
new language and you may make movies and novels and epics from this new
writing and you may read this new writing publicly and privately, and you
may make songs and operas from this new writing and new language which I
am working on so hard for you.


