



svengali.mov


denser under valium, dance under furious illness, thinned vulva, swollen
uvula, slow dance with dense stroke of growths, valium uvula "did you have
to get her stoned" "no, she went with it, swollen uvula of green-white
interiors modified to d a slight reddish-brown" ... no inscription but
sruti-sound, body-tamboura, she says before the camera rolls, "you're
always inside me" - then (svengali) - the turning away - you might say her
face against her wide-open mouth, then deep reddish-brown (a tendency) in
her full-body dance in dark (reddish-brown, black) clothing, for a few
seconds; you also see (after the first turn-away of the face), the shadow
of torii outlined against the green-white sky) -:d a slight reddish-
brown inscribed across the lips; the labia are green-white against green-
white; everything but the sound is in the process of disappearing-inscrib-
ing; you can run the variations simultaneously, building sound on sound,
chant on chant, the murmuring of the increased world drawn in to the
body's cavities -:dense under valium, dented gnawed maw of mind, svengali:
"you finished the film. what's going on with the film?" "she's lying back,
you see her" just for a moment, her breasts with white nipples. vaginal-
mouth keyed throughout. at the end of the two minute forty second work,
she appears against her wide-opened mouth. sound comes out everywhere.
that is the key, folded red tongue, inserted uvula. she dances outdoors on
a roof in a doorway wearing black clothing with her hands towards the
white sky as the camera pans past her towards three small steps covered
with snow as the image freezes and the piece comes to an end. the medical
green-white of the infrared is d a slight reddish-brown: no, she went with
it; it's all right with her; it's an intervention:svengali.mov 2'4"
cdrom/dv carter/sondheim ::


