


Today's News


... the Daniel F. Beatty, Washington, N.J., U.S.A. Golden Tongue 61-key
14-stop pump organ, gold labeling on black above the keyboard, was found
between 3rd and 4th Avenue on a Dean Street sidewalk, trimmings and back
removed and leaning against the main framework, around 4:30 the afternoon
of Thursday, December 19th, 2002, and brought to the corner of Dean Street
and 5th Avenue, at 432, around 5:40 in the evening of the same day, by
Azure Carter, Alan Sondheim, and Mark Esper, where Gary Wiebke was
discovered coming into the same establishment, and his help solicited, to
the effect that Azure Carter carried the properly-cut Victorian trimmings
to the third floor, while Gary Wiebke and Mark Esper carried the 125-kilo
instrument, dating from late 1878 or early 1879, judging by the serial
number, up two flights of stairs and into Azure Carter's and Alan
Sondheim's apartment, while Azure Carter and Alan Sondheim cleared a
passage in order to eventually move and re-assemble the walnut, ivory- and
ebony-keyed small parlor organ, whose bellows and suction box were still
intact, by replacing the trimmings and reattaching the back, removing,
however, the outdated electric motor, preferring instead to utilize the
original and still-functioning pedals to good effect, as the marvelous
sonority of Forte, Coupled, Viola, and Sub-Bass floated over their space,
the instrument clearly played properly and for the first time in a
century ...


