



TELEGRAM


WE CAN DO EVERYTHING AND NOTHING. STOP. ARE THE OPERATOR OF 

WATCHING EROSION DEMOCRATIC PROCESSES IN UNITED STATES IS PARITY WITH
OTHER NATIONS TIMES. STOP. MORE THAN EVER, OUR PROTEST FUTILE IRRELEVANT;
AT HANDS AN OBSESSIVE-COMPULSIVE MADMAN WHOSE TOTAL FOREIGN DOMESTIC
POLICY DEPENDENT ON WAR SLAUGHTER. STOP. RADIO TELEVISION, POPULATION
SUBJECT TO CONSTANT VIOLENT PROPAGANDA AGAINST IRAQ. STOP. NO MATTER WHAT
NEWS; OCCURS OVERSEAS, NEVER CHANGES. STOP. IT REMAINS VIRULENT
REPETITIVE. STOP. ANY NATION HISTORY PREPARING OTHER. STOP. LOOKING FOR A
HOOK, EXCUSE ATTACK. STOP. SUBJUGATING ITS INTO SUBMISSION. STOP. POWER
HAS MADE CLEAR THAT AMOUNT NATIVE OR HATRED DISAPPROVAL WILL HAVE EFFECT.
STOP. AS SINGLE-MINDED PSYCHOPATH SUTURING HIS WORLDS, THIS BRING WORLD
BRINK POTENTIAL NUCLEAR BEYOND. STOP.

OPPOSITION STRANGLED BY CONTINUOUS MOURNING, CONSTRUCTED RITES RITUALS,
PARANOIA OVER FUTURE. STOP. MOURNING ALSO OCCASION CULTIVATION ANGER
NATIONALISM; SPLITS MOBIUS FURY. STOP. NOTHING STOP ARMAGEDDON WHEN
PROCEEDS FROM WITHIN; APOCALYPSE PROCESS, SEWING SELF BACK TOGETHER, ONCE
ALL. STOP.

KILL US BEFORE KILL; WOUND WOUND; SPEAK GIVEN REPETITION. STOP.

we can do everything and nothing. STOP. we are the operator of nothing.
STOP.

watching the erosion of democratic processes in the united states is
watching parity with other nations and other times. STOP. more than ever,
our protest is futile and irrelevant; we are at the hands of an obsessive-
compulsive madman whose total foreign and domestic policy is dependent on
war and slaughter. STOP. on radio and television, the population is
subject to constant violent propaganda against iraq. STOP. no matter what
the news; no matter what occurs overseas, the propaganda never changes.
STOP. it remains virulent and repetitive. STOP. it is any nation in
history preparing against any other. STOP. it is any nation looking for a
hook, an excuse for attack. STOP. and it is any nation subjugating its
population into submission. STOP. the madman in power has made it clear
that no amount of native or foreign hatred or disapproval will have any
effect. STOP. as single-minded as the psychopath suturing his worlds, this
madman will bring the world to the brink of potential nuclear war and
beyond. STOP.

our opposition is strangled by continuous processes of mourning, construc-
ted rites and rituals, and paranoia over the future. STOP. mourning is
also an occasion for the cultivation of anger and nationalism; paranoia
splits into the mobius of fury. STOP. nothing will stop armageddon when it
proceeds from within; apocalypse is a continuous process, sewing the self
back together, once and for all. STOP.

kill us before we kill; wound us before we wound; speak to us before we 
are given the rites of repetition. STOP.


