


wonder question problem gate, 42%


heaven earth black yellow :: is black, the cosmos are vast a desolate
wasteland sun fills moon sets in west it's dusk from 7 to 9 morning
constellations line up measure word, they spread out cold comes heat goes
autumn harvesting winter hiding, concealing intercalary timing leftover
residue becomes one tenth measurement of years so lu bamboo pitches shift
position open clouds ascend, galloping, sending rain dew forms becoming
frost gold gives birth beautiful water jade emanates Kun mountain summit
double-edged dagger furiously named huge gate-tower pearl called light
darkness treasure fruit plum apple many vegetables mustard ginger sea
salted rivers fresh fishscales hidden depths feathers circling above fire
dragon emperor teaching phoenix royal official men beginning making
writing characters then uniforms, wearing robes < clothing skirts expel
throne yield country yao tang has predicted console people strike down
guilty hold boundary talk and test with scalding trying case at court
query way bequeath bow doubting sections love raise hosts leaders minister
prostrate army barbarians near far reality ration guest returning cries
white colt grazes there change covers grass weeds (vegetation) trust
attain myriad (10,000) directions (square) covering person issues (giving
to) four great five (is) normal respect (connector / alone) rearing
children (!) flattering destroys injures women adore chastity unyielding
imitate pleasing genius know what passes certainty attainment ability
never neglect deception other brief disintegration reliance on self
(self-reliance) long faith cause should be covered (protect your faith)
tool (utensil) desire trouble (quantity) measure-word ink (of) sorrow,
sadness (on silk) printed (sadness stains poetry praise small (lamb) sheep
(sheep) view, scenery lines tied or lined-up wisdom restraint, conquering
study makes (creates) sage benevolence built name stands origin shape
proper (upright) model sky valley proclaim (one's) fame empty chamber hall
(public room) learn (review lessons) carefully disaster (catastrophe)
depends (is caused by) accumulation evil blessings (fortune) (are virtuous
happiness 1/3 meter (scale, ruler) bi-jade (circular disk hole) negative
(un- )  1/30 (measurement, small) yin (shadow, moon, sexual organs,
feminine, secret) (just so) (to be) emulated (compete with) capital father
(parallels) (business) affairs supreme ruler speak strictly (accurately)
give filial piety serves as (accepts) end power (the others) devotion
follows (rules) life face (meet, confront) deep tread (put shoes) lightly
dawn (early morning) prosper warm (and pure) like (an) orchid(s) this
fragrance (a) pine(s) prospers (the) river flows not (un) stopping
(ceaselessly) (abyss) clear (transparent) take (create) reflection contain
(form) (and) stop if (one is) thinking say diction (classical rhetoric)
(with) quiet, peaceful determination deliberate beginnings sincerity,
fidelity beautiful, beauty prudent all good ancient laws honorable trade
place) foundation rolls greatly nothing (in the) outstanding ascend (to)
(service) addition work obey government survive by means wild pear go
increase chant music particularly precious humble rites well valuable low
harmony below harmonious husband chants (calls upon) wife external
(foreign) accept pass instructions enter internal) (play music) mother
appearance (ceremony) father's sister older brother younger same as) child
compared son (child) think very much \ each elder agreeing (as) mind
(ch'i, spirit) linking (joining) branches make friends join divide cut
polish precepts rules kind humanity (conceal)  compassion create order
separation integrity (justice) back honesty wicked suffer setbacks loss
money still nature evades passion heart moves weary guard truth full
intention follow idea (your) (mind) steer properly please rank (of office)
bind yourself city village flourish summer east two capitals Mong
(mountain) Luo (river) floating Wei according (seize) Jing (Sheu river)
[...] public rectification fit dwell leisure ch'in 4-stringed instrument
wonderful question problem gate 