 night twilight twilight, 
is, would breathing, blood formulas impediments gateway (drugs) 
anything goes walls catastrophies, goes, enclave market # 
familiars, shamans, repetitions, voices, horizonal vertical 
horizontal familiars cries murmurs, vertical, few familiar, poem 
being desolation chemistry strangers enumeration naming chaos 
non-being sacrifice effort sutra passing, swimming chaotic 
existence, imagining material welfarewell-being well killed 
civilian innermost spend life slave celebration joy furious 
incur depressing really apocalypse will ever witnessed: chora 
repetitive compression why time, surge absent. end, neutrinos 
continue oscillation, particles level universe memories, mix 
plateaus disappeared, witnesses longer call witnesses, argue 
darkness, logic, light, eye presenting? identity meantime, 
earlier regimes, lies fabrication memory; turn wheel event; 
slide lubrication creates ineffable signature. apocalypse; 
guarantees absence manner, witnessing images nostalgia 
denouement exhaustion energy bodies, horizon extinctions 
continues roll boil us. video essay mechanism harboring oil 
steam; audio foregrounding arenas sound. century wears down, 
along technological determinism, rust, corrosion, fatigue, 
radiations, dusts, entropy, fundamental, redundancy big data, 
databanks, seed-vaults bunkers. end; imminent, immanent, obvious 
all. repetition way asymptotic way, quietude emerging somewhere 
around planck. roiling, results motto: witnessed. gone. word 
operative immediate vicinity kic ; unmistakable machinery; 
english 'such such,' phenomena,' unique boundaries grown smaller 
suddenly, sure response certainly data vanish, corrode, 
disappear unremarkable rate told tell ourselves 'operative' star 
. he philosopher employ, philosophical context, term arche, 
until meant origin. him, became mere point perpetually give 
birth be. indefiniteness spatial early usages homer (indefinite 
sea) xenophanes ( th bc) said earth went indefinitely (to 
apeiron) i.e. imagination concept men. (wikipedia, anaximander) 
period months, wonder, remaining, tune, begin, remember, 
gathering open, horizons hours, murmur, formation reach above 
right forest lu, indefinite forst, horizons, somewhen time 
consciousness, moment, (always transitive), rail [list 
dedications] piece; involves hundreds, thousands fors, spell 
forgotten, definitely included, behind, resentful, grateful, 
stops speaking begins, ..so good idea do piece, else, gratitude 
friends yes, even enemies, forgotten jump bricolage ferocity 
over, distance humming, tibetan, society, china, chinese, 
buddhism, tsongkhapa, jazz, esp, backroom gardens, essay, cd 
production, shakuhachi restoration, television characters, 
flute, --- esp texts (for esp-disk website) things borne 
avoidance noise ,then how schedule fury ,how subtend silence 
thinking: exploring instrumentality ,nor ,subtended ,no joist 
physics ,muons (a b) (a, : | f(a, resonance ,surprising 
,metallic overtones ,ringing: several slowed seemed foreign 
names touched illiteracy ,materials ,soundings, emptied 
virtuosities stringed, stringing ,perfect tautness ,resistance 
parallel ,tension endpoint separation duplicate ,i informing 
,hypnagogic ,an tiring ,tirade ,more sounding 'some sound' 
mewling ,howling ,whimpering ,murmuring ,seething amazing gone 
,here alone ,playing ,nylon ,skin ,metal ,plastic ,catgut 
,horsehair ,wax, bamboo ,bone ,or metaphor ,wires paralleling 
,the difficulty equivalence ,just ,inert obdurate ,sound inert 
ii learning ,evenings nights' mornings ,but respect ,coaxing 
,are brought, here's ,so ,hear ,when brought ,always silence, 
,enormous roiling ,slow extinction planet, ,instrument making 
,them got ,he ,she you'll telling specifically know, allowing 
myself courtesy being-deaf, yourself fingering ,of being-sound & 
listing ,yayli tanbur ,ukulele ,cobza ,hasapi ,cura cumbus 
,hegelung, rababa ,electric ,valveless chromatic harmonica 
,parlor guitar, classical guitar ,alpine prime zither elegy 
,like emptying unknown fault ,something shameful ,refusing 
abjection moment nail steel ,flesh ,collide ,everywhere look 
,unknown iii giving ,that entry anecdote least, explanation ,as 
'you owe explanation' wouldn't ,perhaps eternal ,mourning, 
minute slightest peaks stories failure quantum-tunneled 
unutterable beauty ,what arrival ,their attraction ,sounding 
fretless ,they teaching ,place finger exactitude fretted 
narrowed ,for ,a ,worlds ,over ,listening come about, sheer 
force slow sweep fumbles tone begins slower ,rasa savoring iv 
,this savagery lack mine yours ,one ,phrase ,book text, book 
,completion, suturing ,fecundity, repleteness, lathering foam 
planck mass ,length ,time vacuum fray ,silence quiescence, 
calmness piercing ,on end hole long root forth blossoms dies, 
gets look, misery stands bottom tongue, tongue's mouth, first, 
wearing skin frock, neckline pearls, hem seams:your tongue 
masculine root, your feminine lies, stands, tip caresses roof 
cool, plateau, plate world:they bottom, rooting world:among 
night: partying, seams, us? soiled whole death-like ah, love 
eaten julu-of-the-open-arms julu-depressed roof, swallowed 
world`s swalllow, long:my smells, smells mine, yours, world:i 
tongue:: long, pearls neckline, tongue`s baseness, spry [...] 
mouth... dressed world? you? , ah answer... julu skin? feelings, 
speaks sweetly, turning grrrlboyyy turniing boyyygrrrl ...the 
seams yours... calls love, eating, excreting memory. death-like, 
are... death- like, love? jennifer's seams,,, becoming, becoing 
melt julu's forever...

     darling --

abilities, try minor key, instability (hence myna bird, mimic, 
languages), especially third, freely quickly different episodes, 
go; pieces, tunes disappear, quite dance hard track fast runs 
neck, muscle constantly been, going? general questions course, 
microcosm ultimate stasis, only quick bit planet. ensues 
inconceivably against say, conditions:

 . occasioned edgespace;  . interiority conserved/observed. 
_skill_ necessary produce, articulate, quest skill consensual 
boundaries, they're hacking, shortcuts, issue etiquette. 
situation different; edgespace, occurs _event_ collapse 
_procedures_ fold catastrophies verge failure. _sedimented_ 
sediments entangled gamebrowser crash, new, anomaly work... 
interiority, etiquette smooth striations, ennui, leads quests, 
hordings, containment semblance _carapace._ shape-riding, 
share-holding economics involved, rules protocols, protocol 
suites porous, hackable, signs, signifiers, intrinsically 
related exhaustion. borders universe. _gapes._ edgespace? 
terrors, anguish, absolute creations annihilations? 
temporalities, fictitious _points origin_ everywhen, everything, 
sliding scale _law,_ justice. justice place game, gamespace. 
requires luxury thought, alcove, stoa; law nomadic, settings 
withdrawals inscriptions fundamentally transparent... 
_indescribable,_ exists instantaneous, seizure, more. _here,_ 
begins. pappenheimer's beauties! credits let's title "pulsar 
bodies" floating augmented reality nearby. pulsar bodies all, 
crop circles mentioned magical "sound music" mention (see above) 
severe storm problem problematic. reserved "the exploit." added 
reverberation, mountains didn't part, high frequency echoing far 
too decay said, forest, road, pond, thicket, trees, stones, 
caves, wonderful echoes return "until time"; pointed happened 
fifteen minutes ago watching further developments.

   . sitting garden; says "i that's tree", pointing tree near 
arrives hears him: "this fellow insane. philosophy." 
wittgenstein, certainty dither warped cloth woven, (h)edged 
w/hole well- tempered instruments. but, bending strings, that, 
listener unsatisfied; creak pump organ pedals, shuffling skip 
repeated rebuilding ise shrine years, millennium, angled, cross 
enclosure, man outstretched tends direction; combined water 
sign, spruce holding moving steward- ship implied, sites 
rectangular, pristine, exact), weaving montfort et.al., print 
chr$( . +rnd( )); goto , mit, spaces, cross-stitchings, 
re/marking territory combination produces town. mensuration 
fragrance. slight changes fact building tea ceremony bowls; 
unravels. internalization stitched elsewise, potentials, fields, 
irregularity armature handicraft, journal complete guide table, 
. cough gasp, click keys piano bridge landscape, territory, 
horizon. signs axe planking, compressions , chapter regularity, 
account jacquard loom, mythos; threatening unraveling: pursing 
lips. always, sane fabric tunelessly length n, n small rarely 
cross-stitching, sound- stitching unraveling; often tonic, 
taking-up putting-down literally at-hand... shuttled repeated. 
tended cloth, radical , squares, cross-stitch, creaking stroke, 
numerous examples godey's lady's peterson's clarinet, woodwind 
linkages, snapped bypasses, print, handiness stitchwork, 
matthews: "fields, land, landed property." japanese, gratitude, 
in-dwelling apropos matthews' chinese-english t'ien: case 
sketched stitchwork young ladies sites, nails pulled retunings, 
returnings, stoppings startings, creek sag, cedar retains 
freshness magazine. gives instructions, art/labor choices made, 
land flooded rice. grids, equal placement frets sides his cell, 
plus square. huddled surrounding position resistance 
half-covered holes woodwinds, slurs, warp, woof, stitch, 
double-cross, half, bereavement dither, crossed-dither, 
crossed-up, crossed-out. bowed miniature rebab, wild ancient 
cultures, wailing towns people tongues, musics, exalted 
harmonies, glorifying alien gods goddesses, winged circling 
overhead, chthonic ravagings, no-hole shakuhachi! today, perry 
yung visited e-flat shakuhachi. says, flute mouthpiece coating, 
fingerholes. gift! spoken him earlier; wanted tube, affected, 
whether breathing. bought locally job lot; interiors aren't 
smoothed, jinashi shakuhachis. simple bindings. bamboos; wider 
bore warmer tone, heavier, narrower bore. make think; added, 
probably enlightenment get! nohole.mp surprised me; narrow 
listening, successful, raised floor. sed, slip, sed: " [ 
addr]y/string /string / replace occurrences characters string 
pattern corresponding string . then: doctor hacking five weeks; 
permanent brain fog, exhausted, dizzy, stumbling wondering 
onslaught terminal window, typing inertia, difficult, 
impossible, visuality text; write blindsighted. "the" "and" 
wasn't caught spell-check, caught, myself, grounds, later, 
unexpected substitution worries dementia, neural failure, 
aneurism, transient ischemic attack thwarting do. case, reading 
holographic universe, programming improvisation, exhaustion, 
chills un/natural phenomena. finished history tara tantra 
invention morel, began faulkner's pylon geology media. slippage, 
_typo_ write, sed 's/the/and/g', opened door hitherto closed. 
gateway, v spreading punctum displacement condensation wings 
(pylon), slip bell's theorem much else. displacement, "sed" 
operator; /the/and/ /e /e / _of duration, period, exteriority._ 
can't enough: path, patheme, _universal substitution,_ result 
operator_ might, promise space-time primordial irretrievably 
lost. rents boiled embroiled, inflation universe; remind 
otherwhen, mccarthy formalism b c, f (if p e e ) dijkstra's 
replacements b, generators expulsion tend selfsame gap pulling 
primeval propositional calculus deriding, denigrating slips 
splits, regarding psychoanalytical repression replacement them, 
processes gathered farther law, inhabiting lawlessness 
downfalling trajectories catastrophe noise, glitch, present, 
possible, multiverse wilderness models; god model (and 
wittgenstein's elements sheffer's stern shaky operators, rattle 
conceivable creation world); maw increases greater 
exponentiality, ackermann swellings: absence, shadowy preamble 
postface glancing thing, another, shadows shadows, byte geologic 
time: future, transcending unfathomable/fathomable destination 
mind: _vision utmost clarity,_ contours blurred interconnected, 
entanglements _every time,_ particulation ongoing enfoldings 
unfoldings universe: blur_ fantasy fiction fictivity, _worlding_ 
deepest shallowest idea, residence us: indwelling: interstice, 
blink eye, periphery shadow, penumbra, glance behind back, face 
window indicate face, tree, cathedral stone, branch leap-second 
suture stitch crossing clock calculation invisible 
dismemberment, calculations, institutions corporations reliant 
technologies; top stairs saw child dropping series blocks, 
clattering reynolds kingston, pennsylvania, ghost penumbra: 
therefore spelled, once, child, s-a, space, unraveling 
desuturing (exposing cut, tumescent surface) world's postulate 
sort writing, lie, present (slip galactic clusters, necessity 
energy, gravitons, monopoles, inflatons), leakage 
hydrogen-helium stars metals singular evolutions: which, thought 
experiment, saves knife wound slit hope: error make: error: 
them: own; written "and," vygotskian inner speech, 
writing/wryting leap-second, insertion (therefore twin 
operations condensation), hours many, brain's foggy, difficult 
things; maybe;(it :  a.m.); maybe exercise "and and"" ""the" 
"the"" 
