music.txt mashup

some recent fragments on music (the urls/examples have been 
removed. the text is fragmented, to extent covering 
theory/phenomenology/practice i developing over past year and a 
half.) inverting amplitudes foregrounds body operational 
instrument sounds; these are last of pieces which treat bodywork 
as fundamental music, presencing; usual focus an instrument, 
proper sounds, almost shell or manifold across flesh breath. 
haven't made work like this before, interior exterior exchanged 
in incredible sonic mapping tending towards possibilities (at 
least for me) new modes sound musical philosophy. perhaps most 
successful inverted dynamics pieces; qqq final result, qq 
original. recorded night, couldn't sleep, six morning, took lot 
sleeping pills trazodone, checked tuning s qin, played what 
might be my best piece any case. so 'scratchy' actually audible 
both version, part parcel its making. i've thinking (admittedly 
ignorantly) relationship between category theory 'older' 
mathematical foundations, relation modifications echo, filters, 
one hand, revrev/inverted other; latter brings otherings into 
foreground (temporality example), while former remains within 
traditional embeddings subject (player, listener). ... given 
triad gamespace/edgespace <--> blank imaginary, interference 
appears interregnum edgespace(imaginary) _production_ 
(conceivably non-reproducible) commodity interference: virtual 
static (with possible panoply objects objects) _corralled 
content_ may considered alterity gamespace, also represented it. 
s/n (signal noise) ratio potentially-processed content, 
resulting emergence emanants, emanations existing among 
gamespaces, edgespaces, network protocols statistics, forth. 
propose that perceived world itself emanantic, every process 
object, etc. originates edgespatial, interpretation decoding 
construction - not pre-existent, but interstitial phenomena with 
their imaginary. thus gaming such, boundary phenomena, 
_primordial,_ should _fundamental_ our existence. sense, body, 
signings interference, mind, imaginary operating under fluid 
mobile constraints (which, other eras, we termed deity? (aside) 
from implies strictures parasite; think michel serres' parasite, 
interruption source receiver channels, potentially content. 
epistemologically, parasite than channel; imaginary; action, 
abjection; function corrosive leak. does lead us astray 
complement analysis? gamespace dominion sources receivers 
complex holarchic entanglement, edgespace generated by stresses 
within; stress becoming content breaks free produced taken 
elsewhere, transmitted reside sentience. numinous catalyst 
abject (or entangled, abject). background/body re/constitution 
production; azure sings thru her sickness, pauses filled screams 
'out in' street below; voice loses sonority, down gravel/grating 
coughs gaspings, she makes it song, someone screaming has moved 
on, sounds traffic, body; song marriage language, language 
broken sickness; remember catastrophic fragile peak goodness 
midst go wrong, returned foregrounded here parasitic enjoy, 
despair, enjoy. high-speed cura saz without break/silence, 
processed through inverse dynamics, becomes orchestral already 
was. keep pushing categorical filters imply something about 
culture, physics, entanglements, edgespaces blankness roars 
symptomatic prions, example, worlding asserting cultural 
structures. internal biome roughly half microbial dna, picture 
elsewhere music. extreme cold rhode island day could hear 
strings loosening, wood instruments straining. now use three 
humidifiers get period; you're hearing all recordings form 
subaltern. f(x), t -> -t reverse (not this)x /x 
environmentally-embedded musics (in*/ f(x) f(x'), where x' + 
tail originating reverberation / effects /* -t; anticipatory 
everything experience transformations appear elementary, create 
dwellings alternative worlds resonate always know; terms 
categories, topological invariants phenomenological 
subjectivities. (yes do.) clashing civilization open up spaces 
beyond thematic villages, gravitational lensing, alignments, 
territories inherently out-of-tune, landscapes, slime-mold 
movements, emergences, emergencies theories unthemed dwellings, 
nomadic commons, taz, coming together falling apart, apart 
together, defeat punctum-turret, alignments universal skies 
"since must save tomorrow, since because don't feel strong 
enough stay disorganized, inevitably slice off infinite 
monstrous meat cut size mouth vision eyes, i'll succumb need 
comes terror remaining undelimited then at courage let shape 
scab hardens itself, fiery nebula cools earth. resist temptation 
invent form." (clarice lispector, passion according g.h., trans. 
idra novey, penguin, , p.  ) qin. impossible tunings whose 
fingers harmonized. program, fit sense harmonization) not; does. 
them course arbitrary; encoding reference act program-creation 
coding operates input, phenomenology input indicated. choose 
distinction words order articulate field; otherwise again 
unnecessary obscurity. element code, there sign sign-function, 
drawn tables closed lexicons. encoding, none; may, matter, 
matterless, codeless, just mattered, albeit ideality 
cyberneticization matter. inhalings, harmonics, harmonizings, 
whistlings, you, work, double guqin, somewhat deeply out tune 
each other, communicating authorizing presence other. quaint 
terminology, archeological cyber-anything, worldings returning 
grit shapeless groundless grit-physics representative wired 
recording spasms own infrastructures unhacked circuitry casting 
after imagery central core kernel pushbacks pullouts, pushouts 
pullbacks, can conceptualized, locals topoi places if they were 
originary, origin lying sensors, wires, programs, hardly 
apparatus corrosive, still un-gene-spliced, falling, failing, 
flailing apart,the barycentric arcing configurations slaughter, 
removal temples archaeological debris, debris caved electric 
signaling world, touching spasmodic grounded struggle breath 
mouthings, muscles loose taut, pleasure carapace shells thrown 
it, wave wave, stuttered return, non-electronic running diodes 
wires machines taking note whatever shuddering shattering speak 
of, such unspeakable, incapable times speech thoughtful 
thinking, indeterminate, letting run streams flooding worlds, 
short-circuiting, burning, around, cliffs, waters, devices, 
muscles, skin, beneath tissues flesh, organs beneath, ruptures 
sutures, belongings castings, operations, inoperables, espionage 
within, careful unordained movements arms legs, mouths fingers, 
encodings decodings, murmurs machinic, soft machines, soft, 
inordinate, gatherings castings-aside, nothing comfortable when 
transitional turns you guqins = person, effect, nk zero 
century's old wood, momentary settling control ten square feet, 
hut literature japan, we're surrounded radiation everywhere, 
plants animals, fungi archaea, dying, oceans mountains, iceberg 
calving, consequence, hydrogen, instruments, easy destroy, burn 
bury, sound, whom, practice,, i'd say single destroy nations, 
caress restore, disappearance humans, millennial quietude, 
chance communality relationship, glimpse backtracked note, two 
qins talking many multitudes, * , banjo pipa tuning, japanese 
scale, improvisation half-steps major thirds characteristic 
melancholy rough day, sanshin garcia lorca else forget bushido 
zen buddha want kill anyone survive desire beautiful uncanny 
passing another hundred twenty eight years welcome inn formulaic 
condensation: western dramaturgy emphasizes affect effect: 
transformations, machinic virtuality. natyasastra, emphasize 
effect affect: split tendency psychological interminable 
indeterminate states: difference example types state states. 
...skipping... distinctions hold scrutiny; i'm fascinated 
working abject, underbelly live in, equally contemplating 
cosmology, particle physical, mathematics entanglement. 
interstitial, bounded hand limited potentials matter human 
vicissitudes, dwelling coordinated affect, no bandwidth. meshes, 
doesn't it? stutter/ shudder begin /: guzheng chinese zither, 
plucked right-hand side, tuned pegs bridges. left-hand side 
tune,' pressed left raise pitch right. support structure, 
cacophony potential existence depths, soul deeper scales perfect 
tuning. (i play back forth, fields piece.) also, think, field 
spirit, dark cat, ossi oswalda, who doing poorly now, us, 
seizures four days months ago, those numbers meaningless close 
hope best. threnody hope, listen, (she did, had choice!), 
thanks. zzzzz to.txt fungi, tn.txt follows exhausted emerges 
here, incessant rhythm stupidly falls dostoevsky's writer's 
diary grain voice, almost-black, seething world. first black, 
granular. primal scene, floor, bed, stairwell, river dock, great 
outdoor projection screen, hallway. achitecture shifts, 
architectron. visibility expulsions. visibility. ghosts lacks 
granularity; details abyss opens character pixel. surface extend 
gestural logics, mind filling details, projectivity involving 
release desire. dream-like quality cyberspace, melding, 
flexible, relative arcana. depth become identical, surface. (oh 
narcissus.) came me was trying desperately avoid insomnia, 
obviously impossibility. aesthetic truth seems clear fixed 
structures, structures reveal themselves turn. walking hiking 
move paths, trails, falls, strata, loams, deep ecologies, biomes 
microbiomes; moves similar fashion, number occasions path trail, 
or, better, listened can. playing guqin full name qin 
emphasizing depth), clouds chasms pools, inhabited. isn't 
harmony, melody, rhythm, continuum, among, trance movement 
clarity. listen section this, done ar sessions, hopefully 
bowtest short violin bow salt-and-pepper horsehair; standard 
white old; viola rababa; salt pepper bow; viola; composition 
labor musician, testing hair (salt-and-pepper) black rougher 
more byte; it's mixed smoother, calmer (less grit, less highs 
over-modulated). bowtest, switch bows worst playing, listening 
glitches; saltandpepper, bowhair takes advantage difference. 
kind behind-the-scenes everyone does, potentials. time. 
innovative master fifthfourthfifth kept changing chair position, 
ingmar bergman's uncut version fanny alexander there's 
remarkable innovation intervals based luxuriousness anton webern 
umm kulthum despair sinjar amazement mastery mines delicacy 
reglued bouts boxwood patinas gut wisdom positions music/sound 
anticipation dying friend, stabilized companion panic attacks 
depressions, yet, salvation up, getting ready performance 
recording, anticipation, gathers becomes, appears, very 
beginning then, more-so, comfort, enlightenment, advance death, 
decay, illness, in-spite-of, circulation culture culture's 
prohibitions transgression, somehow human, communality, glad 
in-spite-of companion, irretrievable loss, depression friend 
detriment m. e. ossie oswalda versions miasmatic, preparation 
next/ trmph versions. triomph abbreviation; ecstasy; two, three, 
variations; aristotle's coming-to-be passing-away, circulations, 
same same, enumerated same; miasmatic (azure carter) happens 
falters sex occur am lost miasma surfeit shapes connect dots 
curtailed writing practice withdrawal real sounded idiot cant 
youre heroin caffeine, serotonin cocaine, alcohol strychnine 
found outer space strange attractors hearts ghastly sadness 
dream drowning divided add: ahoconcise pali-english dictionary 
a.p. buddhadatta mahathera aho[ind.] exclamation surprise 
consternation. ahopts pali society's ahoindecl. [sk. ahofor 
etym. see aha ] surpriseastonishment consternationyeaindeedwell 
say! sure! vva.  aho ti acchariyatthena nipto j.i acchariya 
abbhuta . usually combd. emphatic particlese. g. vata dha.ii 
pva.  sdhu re d.ii pv.ii . cp. ahe. page ahopali-dictionary 
vipassana research institute ahooh! ah! .. know edge . draw, 
draw blood:: edge:: viol, violate, violation, violence, violin, 
viola, receptacle, chorus, chora: string, string along:: prepare 
flay, out, eliminate, cauterize:: through, skin:: play:: stage 
play, stage, viola:: gut, one's nerves, bow, stretch string:: 
tie knot, borromean, from:: corral, corral mobius, mobius 
function:: reduce variables, cauterize function, swallow, 
swallow again, violate:: violate violin:: out:: sorrow murmuring 
memory living memories object passing/passage/paysage notes, 
notations, language; physical others before me, and, 
stewardship, me. issues tending, setting-up, bringing bone, 
leather, bamboo, fullest, fullness slowness urgency setup 
neither nor there, disparate, separate, separated passed death 
gift, organic, organism, worlding, appearance caressing hands, 
mouths, arms, drawing inhabitant, habitus, closer breathing 
passing-on leaves well, home, inhabitant forever barred tragedy 
release, relinquishment, shall never hear, remain unheard, 
stewardship fading away, memory, prayer, supplication phrase: 
