 
afghani toy/miniature rubab toy tourist ornament miniature, set 
seven including drones. small, high-pitched, incessant, 
crossing-over, range tinnitus; mp k so. string-spacing. flat 
shoe-polish, plastic/mother-of-pearl inlay. 'pushing onward,' 
repetition, deserts, rocks, oral chants. cecil taylor linux 
minor/major banjo using fractal/crystalline structure 
trajectories, loosing; banjo ; me), solos, clearest structured 
(since interviews self-sonic elucidation). particular possibly 
unique, tonk brothers, philadelphia, -

     online. violat grotesque, misshapen sooner better screeches 
doug saying pencil presses paper teeth melody thief harbinger 
evil stingy won't allow violent plays grotesque wear tungg thing 
proscribed safe rise tiny site scream sing sheaves nice, music? 
little response; cd, threnody, shorter discourses centrifugal 
centripetal forces, flight border emptiness, rush survival 
cold-death annihilations. reviews translate sales distribution 
breaking even, ending corner, children grownups flee animals 
yowl, wilt, mewl slumber, forms slowly wander uneasy soon gone, 
disks listens, returns calling

 . exercise.
 . fills wonder.
slows up.
 . lungs strengthen.
 . street.
 . lightens.
 . besides   . pretend things.
  . explore   . puts 'zone.'
  . tinnitus forgotten.
  . communicate   . train ear.
  . anything.
  . hands grow stronger.
  . quicker.
  . pushes   . inhabit discomfort.
  . limit ability.
  . microhistories   . anthropology.
  . myself.
  . dwell   . neurosis recedes.
  . aware   . am.
  . trained   . calories creativity.
  . body's interiority.
  . later theorizing crystalline clear.
  . approached.
  . singing cannot sing).
  . worry else's rhythm.
  . trust playing.
  . metal, reed nylon, greet   . can't.
  . sport at.
  . one.
  . dynamics.
  . movement.
  . reach.
  . become.
  . becoming.
  . sounding.
  . dialog   . temperature, pressure, humidity   . gift.
  . peace.
  . speed positive, liability.
  . untoward   . them.
  . amazing.
  . enriched.
  . made.
  .   .   . good.
  . daemons momentarily disappear.
  . return.
  . gift love.
  . uncanny.
  . tonic   . same.
  . inconceivable architecture.
  . commune   . friends.
  . alive.
  . leave die.
  . gifts others.
  . production
point.
 ' under.
buddha.
preparation.

names. supple. "yet supple." tune. bowing desired. alpine 
fingers. risky gamble maverick clarinet. balance embedding 
cords, chords, braid sheaves. unclarity remaining. today 
shakuhachi, alto moving. lungs. tomorrow sazs, pipa, oud, 
simpler architectures lands. read forgetting. assigned limits 
born older singing. ignore outside mattered resonances, 
murmurings summed word, palmyra. no-strings no-one listens 
speaks, no-thing no-comments, no-community empty facebook g+ 
please 'like' no-string jiari swallows arising dependent revrev, 
shift, power grid, calculus, protocol, no-breath realize medium, 
hence transformation, emptiness dependent-arising, vac-kwak, 
inward :: jiari, modern bore, wider, modes, jinashi-jiari, qing 
host cou ghgh ost sick bad flu turned bacterial infection 
fever's away cough's furious, twists hurt inside hungry fast, 
red dust choke escape, looms science logic shattered, yelling, 
suffocated, making-sense wraiths flutter life's doors boy middle 
wanders he's things, closing thoughts moment's crashed 
descending, coughcoughgh ghghost lake stopped. trapped. started. 
remember. tense become, having past; happened; existing, 
present; (_compounded predicate, substantive, adjectives; 
adverbs adjectives_); joined with; purified; (_divine, animal, 
vegetable_); (v.); created thing; (v.; gnly. n.); being, ghost, 
goblin (c.); n. fact, reality, actual occurrence; welfare; 
(_esp. gross elements, earth, water, fire, air, ether; supposed 
composed dissolved_); tense, augment; creator beings; beings, 
spirits; aggregate community creatures; multitude beings (siva); 
investigation elements; believer _the doctrine that_ _is 
elements_); verity, condition tenderness creatures, goblin. (mod 
macdonnell, practical sanscrit dictionary) rove, roam, ramble 
finding dizziness, loss concentration, fogginess, forgetfulness, 
losing track, recapitulating, returning, transforming, 
forgetting, refinding fitting retrofitting beginnings, odd 
leading slower, rougher, elegiac, second exalting, faster, 
fastest, defocused chills, shivering, confusion, semiconscious, 
wanton speed, fuzziness, fugue state, repeating, braiding 
phrases, storehouses, compartments, abandonments, maroonings, 
isolation chambers, meandering, wayward stumbling, wanton, 
elsewhen, sheaves, somewhere, somewhen, making, good, lurching, 
brew brewing hasapi going wind hollowed, continued rear 
sound-hole, finally rain picking held had, submergence, moments 
tearing rending _into it_ home rain, maybe, uselessly hoping 
breakthrough published, concert, promotion, grant, curing 
gnawing throat throat, thin closure looking local cluster, 
amazed confluence fecundity catastrophe, annihilation cluster 
closer, increasing, flashes outside, storm, omaha bluejay drove 
providence / clarinet bluejays porch thunder storms personal 
ornithology enveloped admiration pleased enjoyment promised 
drive occurrence drift transform ladakhi fred lieberman, 
ethnomusicologist expert. constructed reed, tar, duct tape, 
architecture native american flutes wikipedia article subject). 
lieberman speculated historic groups. albert system c decades 
gave him; klezmer, gift; gotten ladakh. poorly, parallels 
regions national museum this. accurate recounting, years? 
refrigerated, tar retain shape.) ululations, protection vectors 
giuseppi logan, committed suicide, unutterable, intolerable, 
moan, materr tenug tengu occupying revert drained 
circumambulation figure marks pukpuk granting liseten musick 
reverence beign comprehend occurred againn solitary upermost 
reeches mynd resultz lst nevr achieved sinew torn efect machine 
noisesound enug fo producing swollen exact chest originate brass 
reedcanne animale ys find exhalatation spiryt cometh nyte lirned 
natural presenattation holds tight breast suckles produce canot 
help peer nonparallel humans lirn thick cored, tangled strands 
generally here; celebrated, embraced; notes there;  , long- 
necked shut;  , bass forward; rope useful suspension bridge; 
swallowed; time; future life; engine; engine substance; perfect; 
cored; down. no-purpose [:] used start limitations sea bone atom 
forgets purpose ends origins beginnings endings observe 
performed action perform stand die art absent demarcation, mark 
non-existent unmarked transformed pure ontology player 
non-existence sorted-out sorting demarcation marker brayed 
recorder, irish banjo, point, self loathing, disgusted soulless 
effrontery cares screwed what, stupid refrain (introjection 
projection) braid. (applause) she's dancing beautifully, combing 
binding medical flows, identities, vulnerabilities, 
immunological defenses, maintenance emphasis cohering parts, 
membranes molecular channels. organism emanent without. defined 
image apparition entity jectivity braid, apparent, genidentical, 
identity. organic genidentical extent. braided, contingent, 
contiguous. discrete knots. embraiding clearly primordial, 
disturbance cybermind, cock jewel, shaft braided gold. 
microtome, sheave-skin burrowed camera position. madhyamika, 
co-dependent origination, depend co-origination, image, entity, 
inhering true striated, variegated characterize visible project 
transforms emanent, habitus data-base. jennifer, continuing 
sheaf oh handshaking fruition? avatars considering ikonic, 
preconscious ('repository' syntactics, short-term metaphor) 
clothed, associated unconscious, unconscious necessarily splay 
real. 'organic' references phylum well), inhere minding, 
posteriori hermeneutics. embodying, background incarnation. 
sheave-skins react skins; feedback visual aural, proprioceptive. 
epistemological issue, locus. (real virtual), abandon emanent; 
abandoning deadly.  proceed backwards irretrievable, finality 
bodily risk, wildly disparate. nevertheless inhabits both, 
qualitatively manners, depending ontology. ontologies domains, 
rub raw problematize decided primordial? what's mess, concerned, 
sheaves/braids/self- cancellation. twists, knots octahedron. 
plastic body-inherency, 'real' 'virtual' carried 
formal-measurable limits, space. cave residency during irq 
untitled (alan sondheim, description) irq , brown university 
duration conference. kathleen ottinger, carter, worked together; 
that. collaborations did visuals, "wrote into" other's 
beforehand, scripts independent work. own, textual 
collaboration. rehearsal in-cave in-studio.) visuals sound; 
conference, originated laptops room. laptop projected room; 
wall. physically room sixth plenty elements. words, image; room, 
speakers cave. projector, onto sent large speakers. capabilities 
conference: area life, popular online odyssey sim, capable 
texturing, mesh modeling, avatar behaviors. sims macgrid, 
experimental/research completely modifiable highly malleable 
landforms. in-world theater opensim laptops, each; configuration 
.iar file downloaded macgrid. were, often, simultaneously housed 
bambuser, application usb light attached; pick azure's face. 
channel textures modified alone, background. inverted, feedback, 
'guide' normal. face/image embedded objects, intersecting 
ghostly, real-time, situation, songs, appeared cds lps. songs 
fed supercollider designed specifications, luke damrosch. suite 
programs called "revrev" allows musician enunciation head 
instead tail. combining thick, involved multiple coherent chords 
stemming original sound-source, fifth below tones. ran prompt, 
parameters changed process. times, either accompany azure, 
resonances; amplifier. goals acoustically balanced; revrev 
environment control. directly times.) feeds included main 
pre-recorded materials, texts. materials nyu's motion capture 
studio, skwarek. performers things: deliberate glitches 
anomalies distorted figures. mocap markers remapped representing 
avatar; topologically ways, broke various ways. emanation 
performers, embodiment techniques decade, distortions represent 
avant-dance, wounding, throes, hysteria, desire, pain, political 
issues. videos nyu (just weeks earlier) linked half-hour 
occurring worlds. themselves; chats image. improvised mise en 
scene in-world. navigate in-world; spectator, disentangle. 
deliberate; contents imagery, representation states crises 
violence u.s., africa, mid-east, on. primary special topic 
johannes birringer co-moderated empyre email list november, , 
"isis, terror, performance" torture, beheading, fear, month.  , 
nd sandy baldwin, "pain, death," (i'm title). lab resulted bvh 
files real-life performer animate avatars. distortions. 
distortions, nyu, projected; projections in-world, viewed 
important interactivity with. projections, creating nude 
warriors charred "dancing" symbols isis terror. fairly 
high-speed. heard avatar's itself; projector speakers; emanating 
architecture, fixity resonances speaker interactions, beat 
frequencies, etc., play. hollowed tied to, yet images. imaged 
bubble, domestic; purely textual. "tuning" fascinate resonated 
darkness brightness affected texture readability texts, 
conditions changing. feedback; full, overloading screeching. 
lavalier mic correct parts. relates deals dancers); residency, 
weight adjusting equipment though (except bambuser) artists: 
ottinger carter alan sondheim damrosch thanks john cayley 
opportunity. to: skwarek, birringer, foofwa d'imobilite, kira 
sedlock, frances van scoy, patrick lichty, columbia college, 
west virginia university, inward, outward jinashi, buki , 
precise, visitor visitation, take distance. relax calm porous 
membrance substance, tangled, untangled, breath, carry 
dream-hall, un-dream-screen (why visual), emergent, smeared, 
coughed others, gathering, hakuin, something, monte levenson 
brilliant (levenson's yung's reconditioning) "he develops 
investigation-of-states factor seclusion, cessation, 
relinquishment." "'contemplating breathe in,' trains himself, 
'contemplating out,' himself." (from anapanasata sutti, 
mindfulness buddhists canon commentaries, bhikkhu nanamoli, 
buddhist publication society) variety inconsistency. styles 
change abruptly; up; media audio/video/image/web/performance 
again; coheres. bored easily; investigate domain symbolic 
viewpoint messiness, messiness symbolic. codes languaging 
background, disseminated, dissimulated. orders leaks 
manageriality; smears devolves incoherency; aphasias disorders 
real; brute insistent protocols; sexualities, acculturations, 
languagings materiality idealities; idealities materiali- ties; 
symbolic, abstraction, geographic subjects monarchic domains. 
quantity distribution, infinite. commonality usage. 
distributivity unobtainable. praxis practice. shearing-away, 
habit habitus. nudge. net. common themes theme hardening 
attempting grasp 'otherwise.' argument totalization. code code. 
broken. disaster. staying come, sensate. anywhere, anywhere. 
conclusion? perhaps, history, rocky landscape stumbled over. 
works brain, presumptuous. symptomology. tropes, symptoms 
cross-reference, see. cross-reference. come. rebeca hurry 
rebecca octave fourth, resonator, old, dark, clunky tenor 
modules segues, interviewed, tones guises, beginning, 
indefinitely, interviewer, 'noodling' gary snowing snow joyce's 
story, weather, breathes upon reverb interrupt festival; we'll 
using. available realtime publicly macgrid sim localhost sims. 
'above' touchstone strangest made; stages madal together), 
post-production shift. (future tense) _other side_ there? 
unexpectedness haunting mourning, lamentations, wailing, 
ululuations "no, trace, sleep dreams, haunting, haunched 
shoulders, unbearable magnetic storms, imagine is.  haunting? 
haunting-screen, whereabouts signifying neutral expression, 
haunted plastered, explain. ghosts, dreams nightmares 
psychoanalytics recompense memory). scratched stretched nubbed 
tips cloak phantom, descends corrosion neurasthenia swayed 
rippled." anong projects plato greek plato's philosophy 'he 
packed pipe elaborately. once philosphy," said. "but ruined it." 
chuckled: "next better."' frederick kohner, gidget york, 
accompanied comments physicality intruments; afterwards, nails, 
blisters, blood. against, aural landscapes applause out; 
performance. erhu reasonable motu computer; travel ultrasonic 
well; duplicated mic. compounded tinnitus, beats/ patterns; 
ear-dreaming, phantom hearing, strange; above/below entirely 
instrument. next heart mirrored madal, here. worthy rushed, 
physical/musical capabilities. fill session woman cutting board.

   reverb; headphones curious way. indicative soundboard 
configurations. reacting fear interfering everything; 
suspiciously. annoying, strange, insistent, tonalities able end. 
earphones, differently, meditated echo war medea res spiritvoice 
granoff tonight (preformer) presentation spots, clicks, . , 
azurevoice altoclarinet, radio mic, dual ceiling mounted, bell, 
azurehands cupped alanhands keys, corner audience, damping, 
exquisite impossibility eternity looked relentless subzero 
temperatures loneliness blizzard indoors temperature suicide 
seeping rising sky snows grey color mathesis-poesis elementary , 
printed nscad williams college) exchange (dynamic process) <> 
scope () (+<>-)<>(-<>+) and/or ((+<>-)+)<>((-<>+}-} operator m 
recall r +m placed +mr +r +mm c() a+ parentheses gates types: 
one-way gate capacity inaccessibly two-way operated cycles. 
threshold devices formal neurons constructed. dot particles, 
anti-particles, null indicating mathematician's transformation 
structure. chain-negation, ~~a a, ~a ~b etc.; negation 
structure; binary oppositions immersive definable structures; 
susceptible analysis, temporally embedded; straight-forward, 
non-dynamic mathematico-logical analysis. above, developed 
topology intention, being-in-the-world partly phenomenological. 
mid-late s, reality. minsky bohm then. mathematically naive, 
false, dead-ending analysis poesis directions consciousness 
marxist dialectic influential shortly described technology pcms 
parameter units interconnected ways homes audio-visual displays, 
robotics, output interfaces; basically analog anywhere them; 
breathed. synthesizer design; earlier, late s, gregert johnson 
built medium-scale voltage-controlled scratch. overall together. 
amplifiers properties led well. fit. wrong-headed recursive 
understand quantum applied land's color-vision theory, "gestural 
logic" influences elimination aristotelian laws distribution. 
recently helped absolutism. lines, relativized x blackbirds 
defined, non-x non-blackbirds intersection non-x, set, 
<blackbirds> null-set, division blackbirds. equations leaking 
childhood dreamed dividing

 / undefined infinity coupled origin, includes fanciful 
notations ultimately nowhere... attempted attempt ground 
mathesis; knowledge mathematics, roam nowhere, certain sciences 
anything, laughed math student. persevere perversely, wait 
uncertainty centering, reverb, skull, logics spectrum 
temporally, enjoy forever, amen "if solo year, it!" convolution 
damrosch; (avatar) instrument: long-necked sazzz : half-way 
kicks sazzz : honestly "getting somewhere" "feels good" 
somewhere. feels again. guess through. healing, peace, drugs, 
stepping-stone brillaince, although markings willy-nilly.. men 
women driven dream. dreaming. substance curtain vizoud oud 
image-music: "what oud?" self-conscious poser am, spam, worth 
damn, jam, skilled, ham, studied tried cram, lam, heavy sham, 
rock, glam, muzak tram, grating slam, quibble-dribble scam, 
court cham! dwelling, fluidics, software determined software, 
player, air humidity-dependent, direction characteristics 
apparatus, ambient reflective surfaces, acoustics registers 
chordal qualities parameters, computer, microphone pickups 
transducers in-determined transforms, onset, series, choate 
inchoate, adjustments acoustic supple entries inquiries, 
somatic, discovers, wellsprings discovery, subtlest attributes 
player's flashdance discovery mysterious ecstasy locus 
unimaginable rest silent wordless, formless form, soundless 
glass modern, table. angle table allegiance s experimentation 
wilder grain. exact; add buzzes creaks, tensor itself. 
damrosch's programming, proof apparent reversed accompanying (as 
interesting themselves). harmonic agni . instrumentation 
carter), tibetan cymbals (luke damrosch), saxophone keyboard 
sondheim). electronic-acoustic setup. equalization, changes, 
multi-speaker/channel distort temporal perception, continual 
enunciation. microphone, fender amp; components playing-space 
prevent feedback. festival march. enjoy! opening, w/varied 
parameters; cura, environments (currently channel) delay, 
perception. calming sturm und drang; sirens france, mountain 
stream, zen. streets ice, screams, serenity. mourn, meditate, 
evelyn norman weiss talk backs prayer cry aid journey revrev! 
verver! revreverver manifesto! action! program future! review 
revise reving engines cultures reviewing rehearsing rehearse 
productiohs revamped anterior productions whirlwind doorless 
transparent permeable monads verver brever esrever esiver weiver 
sessecorp yrotapicitna serutluc senigne gniver gnisraeher 
gniweiver shoitcudorp retfa esraeher roiretna erutuf eht 
depmaver neeb evah thgim dluow tahw ecnad erofeb noitcudorp 
snoitcudorp gnicudorp serutcetihcra cinos elibom tneisnart won 
ytinummoc esac ydaerla syawla dnuos dniwlrihw htiw denepo sdnuos 
sdanom elbaemrep tnerapsnart dna sselrood revreverver! wood! ny, 
% untuned, large-output humidifier going. suroz, gambus, luckily 
cracked. twelfth (unused) peg fell jumped; adjust happy, dry 
town (even water), low, stop crazy, resetting pegs, worrying 
tension, cranky bowl-backed mandolin last. meanwhile 
(traditional, upright), different. dry, slipping, slipping are; 
msoud lyrical, relief mourning produce. msoud maurice shehata 
maker, originally dubai. 