


BEASTS AND SHIMS


olding onward this great beast with the penurious shim of gentle wood,
neither attack nor defy, this bodie of lovely parts, such is the olding
high and among us with such kindly shim, of this great beast, its
immeasurable breadth and length of this great beast, nor of the yearning
and olding shim olding its calmness and surety in the midst of such great
dreaming, as of the beasting, the boasting of the shimming up of the shim
of cranky wood beneath such beast, its impecuniousness, of such speaking
and writing, to have situated, this great beast, upon its shim?:olding of
the great beast, its shim of comfort wood, it neither attack nor defy the
commands of this fair bodie, such is the olding above us with the shim, of
this great beast, you will always never wonder at the breadth and width of
this great beast, nor of its underneath shim olding it calm and sure
among the kindly dreaming, the beasting boast, the shameful shim, its
poverty, of what can one speak, to have held it upon the great shim, of
the beast, its shim?:olding up the great beast with the shim of cranky
wood, it will not attack nor defile this bodie, such an olding into air of
this great beast, you will hardly doubt the breadth and extent of this
great beast, nor of the shim beneath which conjures it into the place of
calmness and fair dreaming, of the boasting of this great beast and its
shame upon the shim, its beasting and its penury, of what else may it be
said, to have captured its essence upon the great shim, of the beast and
its shim? ::

olding up the great beast with the shim of cranky wood, it will not attack
nor defile this bodie, such an olding into air of this great beast, you
will hardly doubt the breadth and extent of this great beast, nor of the
shim beneath which conjures it into the place of calmness and fair
dreaming, of the boasting of this great beast and its shame upon the shim,
its beasting and its penury, of what else may it be said, to have captured
its essence upon the great shim, of the beast and its shim? replace your
olding onward this great beast with the penurious shim of gentle wood,
neither attack nor defy, this bodie of lovely parts, such is the olding
high and among us with such kindly shim, of this great beast, its
immeasurable breadth and length of this great beast, nor of the yearning
and olding shim olding its calmness and surety in the midst of such great
dreaming, as of the beasting, the boasting of the shimming up of the shim
of cranky wood beneath such beast, its impecuniousness, of such speaking
and writing, to have situated, this great beast, upon its shim.


