


piece-ing music


divide-ing the-ing twelve-ing semitones-ing by-ing four,-ing leaving-ing
four-ing minor-ing thirds,-ing for example-ing C,-ing D#,-ing F#,-ing
A,-ing there-ing is-ing the-ing minor-ing third-ing harmony-ing
between-ing any-ing two consecutive-ing pairs,-ing for-ing example-ing
D#-F#.-ing note-ing that-ing there-ing are-ing three-ing such series-ing
of-ing minor-ing thirds-ing in-ing the-ing scale.-ing call-ing these-ing
bell-ing harmonies-ing for-ing obvious reasons.-ing improvise-ing such-ing
that-ing there-ing is-ing no-ing tonic-ing at-ing all,-ing that-ing
each-ing note-ing is equidistant,-ing carrying-ing with-ing it-ing its-ing
minor-ing third-ing scale.-ing emphasize-ing octaves-ing on occasion-ing
--ing for-ing example-ing f#-F#-ing as-ing punctuation-ing --ing as-ing
if-ing to-ing say-ing Here-ing is-ing where the-ing tonic-ing might-ing
have-ing been,-ing a-ing resting-place-ing or-ing return-ing which-ing
is-ing inauthentic, which-ing leaves-ing everything-ing to-ing be-ing
desired,-ing which-ing is-ing at-ing best-ing temporary-ing in-ing the-ing
midst-ing of-ing nomadic-ing live.-ing continue-ing in-ing this-ing
manner,-ing playing-ing quickly,-ing nervously,-ing so-ing that-ing
each-ing phrase-ing disappears-ing into-ing others,-ing the-ing bells-ing
of-ing the-ing universe-ing speak-ing out-ing in-ing all-ing ways,-ing
as-ing if-ing particles-ing and-ing alternative-ing universes-ing were-ing
formed-ing and-ing deformed-ing at-ing astonishing-ing rates.-ing
clarify-ing the-ing as-if-ing so-ing that-ing such-ing particles-ing
and-ing alternative-ing universes-ing are,-ing for-ing a-ing fact,-ing
brought-ing into-ing existence,-ing play-ing with-ing the-ing speaking-ing
of-ing the-ing word-ing of-ing creation,-ing the-ing bells-ing faster-ing
and-ing faster,-ing the-ing fury-ing of-ing newborn-ing life-ing


