

::write boulders herohero::

:my best friend
listens all the time to the radio and television, she knows what the war
is all about, i don't know what the war is all about. so i ask her and she
tells me and it's all right. we decide the only thing that would work is
some other person being president fast and we can't remember how far down
people would have to die before that person brings an end to the horror.
and i can't sleep at night now and no one i know has a job and we're
victims and we repeat the same old stories all the time and nothing takes
away the pain. this country has nothing to do with us, this is a new
country and an old assyria country. please help us and tell us what to
do.:saviorsavior:saviorhero

:you can't do anything
now, you have to know that. thinking about people dying is against the law
and our president will live forever and no one will have to vote again
which is okay because very few voted before if you remember. almost no one
voted before but those who did had to brave the weather. now we have to
brave the war under our president but that is easy because our president
tells us what we have to do. please remember there is no horror and there
will be no horror. this is a new country and an old hittite country and
our president is our servant and we are his presidents.

:thank you for your point
of view, i now can sleep easier and i know my best friend is wrong, and
thank you for making the radio and television. we know what the war is
about and she is not speaking now and she has left. it is all right and i
cannot sleep because of worry from her but i sleep soon and i will not 
have to speak to her.


