


Jinns and others


Confucius, Analects, XV.II.1-3. 'The Master said, "Ts'ze, you think, I 
suppose, that I am one who learns many things and keeps them in memory?" 
Tsze-kung replied, "Yes,--but perhaps it is not so?" "No," was the answer; 
"I seek a unity all-pervading."' (Legge.)

Al-Ghazali, The Recitation and Interpretation of the Qur'an (The Revival
of the Religious Sciences (Ihya' 'Ulum ad-Din). 'Anas Ibn Malik said, "It
often happens that a man recites the Qur'an, and the Qur'an curses him."'
[...] 'A certain religious scholar said, "When a son of Adam [i.e. man]
reads the Qur'an, then mingles [good with evil], and then turns [to God]
and reads it again, he is asked [by God], 'What is your relationship with
My speech?'"' (Muhammad Abul Quasem.)

Genesis P-Orridge, Interview with Carol Tessitore, Painful but Fabulous,
The Lives and Art of Genesis P-Orridge. 'It's all very public; everything
is about being available and having access to everything. The web is
supposedly fantastic because you can find everything and everyone is on
there, you can talk to everyone. It struck me that in a way privacy is
taboo.'

Marco Polo, Travels. 'Having concluded his prayer, he cried with a loud 
voice: "In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I command thee, O 
mountain, to remove thyself!" Upon these words being uttered, the mountain 
moved, and the earth at the same time trembled in a wonderful and alarming 
manner. The khalif and all those by whom he was surrounded, were struck 
with terror, and remained in a state of stupefaction. Many of the latter 
became Christians, and even the khalif secretely embraced Christianity'...
(Marsden and Wright.)


