 Wei (river) [...]
[...] [...] [...] [...] [...] [...] [...] a desolate wasteland a myriad
(10,000) a still a withered above accept accept according to (seize) adore
again against (answer, reply) agreeing all all allowed (for) (salary of)
already ancient laws and and bow and change and far and injures and low
and test with scalding and valley and wonderful apple are valuable are
vast as well as well ascend (to) ascend, galloping, assembles at court
attain attainment attains awaken (disclosure) bamboo mats bamboo pitches
barbarians be covered (protect your faith) beautiful beautiful, beauty
becomes one tenth becoming beginning beginnings below benevolence bequeath
bi-jade (circular disk with hole) bind birds black blessings (fortune)
blow branches brightness by means of called capitals carefully ceremony
chamber hall (public room) change changes chants (calls upon) characters
chastity circling above city clear (transparent) climb clouds cold
colorful colt comes command compared (to) compassion console contain
(form) covering covers create cries crown cut dawn (early in the morning)
deception deliberate depends on (is caused by) destroys determination
devotion dew diction (classical rhetoric) directions (square) disaster
(catastrophe) distrust divide doors doubting dragon draw (paint) drawing
(painting) drawn near (beside) drive drum (play) dwell earth east eight
elder brother emanates out emulated (compete with) engrave enter (the
internal) equilibrium establish evades expel face face (meet, confront)
faith father's older brother father's sister father's younger brother
feathers filial piety fishscales fit five flattering floating flourish
flows follow follows follows follows (rules) forms four four (wantonly)
fragrance fresh friends from 7 to 9 in the morning from Kun mountain frost
furiously named gate gate-tower gathering genius ginger give give alms
(cottage, abandon) gives back gives birth go goes gold good good
government grants (allowance) grass and weeds grazes great greatly guard
hall happiness harmonious harmony harness has heaven hidden in depths hold
hold holds homes honesty honorable humanity if imitate immortals (hermits)
in in addition to in autumn in disintegration in leisure in winter
increase inscribe instructions integrity intention intercalary timing
interior is (just so) (to be) is built is precious is printed (sadness
stains the silk) issues it's a measure word, they spread out it's dusk
jade join (and) kind know lacquered learn learn (review lessons) life
lightly like like like (the same as) line up lines linking (joining) loss
of money love luxury make makes (creates) making many many measurement of
years men men men merits mind minister minister of state model moves music
music (play music) mustard nature near negative (un- )  neglect never not
not (un) nothing obey of ability of change of children of darkness of
desire of each other of foundation of fruit of power (the power of others)
of shape of the guest official official (service) on the self
(self-reliance) one one thousand open order outstanding particularly pass
on passes through passion pear pear-tree pictures please pleasing plum
poetry policy precepts predicted proclaim profusion (of) proper (upright)
properly prosper prosper prospers prostrate prudent public query question
or problem quickly rain raise up ration reality rectification reliance
respect respect restraint, conquering returning to rites robes < clothing
rocks salted say sealed sending separation serves as (accepts) setbacks
shake sheep (sheep) shift position should sincerity, fidelity skeins
skirts < clothing sky small (lamb) so the lu soldiers (troops) speak
stands steer stopping (ceaselessly) strictly strictly (accurately) strike
down suffer summit survive take up (create) talk tang teaching that one
the (business) affairs the Jing (Sheu river) the Luo (river) the
accumulation the ancient swordsman the army the bamboo the boundary the
cap the capital the cause of the certainty the ch'in the chant the
classics (jing1) the constellations the cosmos the cosmos the country the
deep the depths (abyss) the double-edged dagger the emperor the emperor
the empty the end the end (of) the external (foreign) the fire the first
stem the government bureaus the guilty the harvesting the heart the heat
the hiding, concealing the high steps of the throne the hosts the huge the
husband the idea the ink the leaders the left the leftover residue the
light the lute (25-string se4) the moon fills the mother the name the
official (government) the origin the other the path (of) the pearl the
people the person the phoenix the phoenix the pillar the praise of the
rank (of office) the rearing the right (direction) the river the rivers
the rolls the royal the sage the scholar tree the sea the sections the
sheng1 (mouth reed instrument) the stairs the stars the sun fills the sun
sets in the west the talk of the third stem the throne the tomb the tool
(utensil) the treasure the truth the way the weary the white the wicked
the wife the wild then there think very much \ this this tied or lined-up
together (mutually) trade tread (put on shoes) treasure trust trying a
case two uniforms, wearing unyielding valley vegetables view, scenery
virtuous warm watch (look out) water what passes wisdom with full women
work write writing yao yellow :: heaven is black, earth is yellow yield
yin (shadow, moon, sexual organs, feminine, secret) younger brother
yourself


