== LEST WE FORGET, A MORALITYbr PLAY BY
JENNIFER, bNIKUKO/b, bJULU/b, AND ALAN PROLOGUE BY BUKHARIN: Repentence b
The dialogs among Jennifer, Alan, bNikuko/b, bJulu/b, occur in the
wetware, neural connections,br of all of them, reaching through each
other, try- ing each other on. b Oh see, , Susan Graham, bNikuko/b,
bJulu/b, Alan, and Azure, playfully arrangedbr on the lawn in what can
only be described as a stunning pattern. b moments ... ? {k:4} ---- We
thinkbr of all of us, Jennifer, Alan, bJulu/b, bNikuko/b, as sites,
domains, emanations b Jenniferbr might speak of, in relation to bJulu/b
and Alan, Alan and bNikuko/b, of sado b Your being seeps into Red Guards
(burned out hut) Take bNikuko/b. are pure and golden:webr are golden:we
are pure:we are golden: Does we are pure turn bjulu/b, we are b Could I
ever? They're like traffic lights: red, amber, green flashingbr from
bNikuko/b, bJulu/b, Jennifer then back through Nik &amp; bJulu/b again. b
The problem about Alan Sondheim and his characters/multiple
personalities.br Sometimes I believe Jennifer, bNikuko/b, bJulu/b and so
on DO really exist. b bJulu/b-Jennifer almost gone here and forever lost
:yes, I've lost it, i'm going elsewherebr - can't think straight - topo
mch interference - where are you bNikuko/b:I b german, english. OPENING
STATEMENTS - sorted by date I can be as nice abr little girl as you want.
Sondheim - Jennifer(for Alan, bNikuko/b, bJulu/b). b The stains drag the
reader down and in; they break through the ostensible content,br
&quot;bJulu/b,&quot; &quot;bNikuko/b,&quot; of the texts - scatter
writing, speech, language as a b bNikuko/b ...:never!:bNikuko/b:hair:hair
Your linen leg is in my wanton hair Yourbr passion seeps into my hair -
turning me bJulu/b-Jennifer dirty:yeah:Nik b as haiku substructure. In
reality this is the gauge of the constructbr of Jennifer, bNikuko/b, or
bJulu/b emanant. Recently, the Hermit b _the continuity girl_ holds you in
check, just as others are held by you, tight againstbr your thin chest,
bNikuko/b, Jennifer, bJulu/b, and myself included; it is my b . LEST WE
FORGET, A MORALITY PLAY BY JENNIFER, bNIKUKO/b, bJULU/b, AND ALAN. b
Jennifer,br bJulu/b, and bNikuko/b applaud. All three together: This is
wonderful! b as haiku substructure. In reality this is the gauge of the
constructbr of Jennifer, bNikuko/b, or bJulu/b emanant. Recently, the
Hermit b of the harshness of daily politics. of the real and virtual
jennifer,br bjulu/b, alan, bnikuko/b. of the real and virtual honey,
travis, tiffany. b

___

Nik did

   ... txt - dd Net Sex, Cumming - gg Net Sex, Third Sex, ASCII
   Unconscious ... Condition of
   CMC - Weather Newsgroup Spoof - jp Newsgroups - ju Nikuko
   Interferences - kd ... ... thought in which philosophy hold itself to
   the wall, it's not just one sex text
   after another, not that this bevy of Susan, Alan, Nikuko, and so many
   many ... ... But Nikuko, I love manga for the wonderful graphics and
   high-powered sex.
   The sex is very simple, but a lot of parts are cut out, Nikuko. ...
   ... Now, new net, not nut? alan>> Knit knot. Rid red rad rod! Hale
   hole! nikuko>> Pant
   pint, punt sax. Sex six! Hull hall! alan>> Hell, hill! Oh, eh, uh...
   ah... ... ... oral sex fanatics, consumers of the other, their
   _place(ment)_ - as if the pornographic
   would, in the first instance, impoverish all of us. * nikuko-america
   ... ... third sex. he had these dreams where he would lay naked with
   the hogs. ... Nikuko.
   Nikuko dead-girl down the streets, wearing her fast-and-hard boots.
   ... ... also, not only as some newspapers and unaware people
   believe...) a bodiless sex,
   and in ... Sometimes I believe Jennifer, Nikuko, Julu and so on DO
   really exist. ... ... Jennifer and Julu Do listen to all smallthing
   humming and leaping, say Alan and
   Nikuko, do not be afraid, they say, do not be afraid Page 11. Sex
   Video Azure ... ... But Nikuko, I love manga for the wonderful
   graphics and high-powered sex.        which philosophy hold itself to
   The sex is very simple, but a lot of p
   ... group Sender: UB Poetics discussion group From:
   Nikuko@SEXXXYGIRRRL.CUM Subject:      for the wonderful graphics and
   From Kon as well (this is from both of us!). (Hey, sorry guys, no sex
   in this ... ... {b:4} SIDEBAR 3: further on my work - my work is not
   about avatars; it is not               knot. Rid red rad rod! Hale
   about jennifer, julu, nikuko. my work is not about sex or sexual
   objects. ... ... avatars, laying the ground - Later on - long waves as
   well (Middle-Eastern languages,
   Net Sex, MOOs and MUDs, Jennifer, Julu, Nikuko, Multiculturalisms, Net
   ... ... Nikuko, Jazz, and Infoanimism. ... Robert Sward, a favorite
   son of Sol, makes news with
   a new minichap, entitled, "Sex & TV with Aunt Miriam -- 1945." Bob is
   not ... ... Such are Julu, Alan, Jennifer, and Nikuko, in parti-
   cular. The long-waves are fuzzy
   thematics bearing on such issues as death, sex, virtual embodiment,
   the ... ... i'd eat your core dump, nikuko, your shit falling into my
   open mouth ... It is extraordinarily
   intense for net sex, and years ago, Kim McGlynn and I did a number of
   ... ... child - sex 'call 'you - have w/ opted insider receive' -
   'call sex here' - with ... attribution
   quotes of makes quotes it makes easier, it Nikuko easier, replied ...
   My character is "Nikuko" - who is a Japanese woman in her early
   twenties, occasionally
   works as a snack-bar girl (informal geisha), has a lot of sex, and is
   ... ... Carter Parables, 2000, with Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azure Carter
   Asteroids, 2000 SELECTED
   RECENT FILM AND VIDEO: Sex/anthrax videos, 2001 Nikuko, 2000 Quickcam
   ... ... t have that at all - learn from it - Jennifer's inversion is
   Nikuko, they swallow ... Subject:
   Unknown Secrets To Better Sex For Men -mlphwsdg Date: Sat, 04 Sep ...
   ... Nikuko said she was told she had a twenty per cent chance of
   survival if she crossed
   an open field, which she did. ... Its better than drugs and as good as
   sex. ... ... thought in which philosophy hold itself to the wall, it's
   not just one sex text
   after another, not that this bevy of Susan, Alan, Nikuko, and so many
   many ... ... Jennifer and Nikuko and Julu and the others allow me the
   comfort and ... ve been able
      to explore such issues as performativity in language, virtual sex 
   and virtual ... ... stringbean1> there so big ^***^ baby-girl
   (me@208.253.77.162) has joined channel
   #sex ^<^Nikuko^>^ HI! ... ** Nikuko has left channel #sex ^***^ Nikuko
   (sondheim ... ... up Time Julu: id-forces, sexualities foregrounded
   Nikuko: multiculturalisms, political ... emissions,
   splays, dispersions, part-objects Net Sex and Relationships ... ... 80
   miles an hour, exposed - 5 theoretical turns - the body of sex, sexual
   body ... alan
   open against his will with his permission - holding nikuko open
   against her ... ... This is real life, Nikuko. My sex life is yours,
   Nikuko. I have no need for orgasm,
   Nikuko. ... We have no need of sex, Nikuko. I am afraid of nothing,
   Nikuko. ... ... all of this; Nikuko models herself on two woman from
   Fukuoka, a San Francisco filmmaker,
   a writer who died young, the presence in literature of her beauty-sex.
   ... ... SEX Survivor ... brilliant difficult dance taken from nikuko
   parable texts ... ... eyebeam><blast> Prehuman?, Brian Holmes;
   <eyebeam><blast> Nikuko Fights Back, Nikuko; ... eyebeam><blast>
   sex and violence as a political statement, Marina Grzinic: ... ...
   honey1l has joined channel #cybersex *** Nikuko-Pu is now known as
   Nik-Pussy ... dicky-dew
   has left channel #cybersex <CyberJohn> hi any girls for sex ,msg me
   ...

___

   Infoanimism

   and ballet (Nikuko
   general ... ... Nikuko into Nikuko, and with a swirl of a skirt and a
   toss of hair, the invagination
   of Alan, dare she say it, and the further emergence of a philosophy,
   of ava- tars and ballet (Nikuko
   and Doctor Leopold Konninger), 
   of virtual ... But here are two disturbances by Nikuko, using warez
   programs, into Graham, Julu, Alan, Jennifer, Azure, and Nikuko in
   ... psychology ... 1998, A. Nikuko Sondheim. ... ... Carrying: Budi
   iGirl _________l