



Inert


Is it possible to create a philosophical position form which it is imposs-
ible to move on? Not in the sense of time continuing, the relegation to
the historical, but in the sense of supercession. What epistemology would
remain rooted in an originary theory, or a theory that declares itself
originary? Would this not in fact parallel the development of conceptual
art towards that null point implied by Daniel Buren's continuous reduction
of painting to a series of prefabricated stripes?  (Which is a reduction
that projects _a_ null point, among others, projects in other words a
class of null points, of which it is a member.) Even a philosophy of the 
zero, however, is dependent upon null sets and other mathematico-logical 
considerations. 

Deconstruction still remains tethered to the present, but Russian nihilism
has been transformed forever into the historical... Logical atomism and
logical positivism, look at Carnap... Consider trigonometry as exhausted,
the comprehension of the gene; it's a matter of time in isolated domains. 
There is a broken continuum of scientific progress, at least in terms of
tolerance. One intercedes, in spite of issues of paradigm. Newton becomes
nothing more than crude limit. 

Philosophy wars against temporality. One desires statements constituting 
plateaus, potential wells, the obdurate. Even under erasure, the obdurate 
is not effacement; philosophy insists on the face. It harbors the other, 
the zero or null point; it deconstructs origins, allowing the residue to 
float to the top of time.

Time continues.

