





Wryting across my previous writing


Years ago I was interested in what have become neural networks, designing
a marker/vector based system that used threshold logic and was capable of
constructing threshold units that fired and reset. At the same time, I was
interested in what I called then immersive and definable situations, the
former phenomenologically constituted, temporal, and involving subjectivi-
ty, and the latter formally constituted, using protocols and so forth. All
of this led to my Textbook of Thinking, written around five years ago, in
which a theory of inscription was developed, based on classical logic
(fuzzy and otherwise) and catastrophe theory; an inscription was defined
as an intersection between a set and its negation. There were paths that
could be traced across the Venn diagram, etc. Inscription is based on dif-
ference; there is also fissuring, which is based on sameness (as when the
wall of a cliff fissures, with equivalent strata on each side). The two
are interrelated, and play different roles in the psychoanalytics of ero-
tic writing. Fissuring is also wryting, performative, disruptive; it is
the dissolution that problematizes semiosis, the rupture between, say, the
two works of Lautreamont (Maldoror and Poesie); and it is Dickerson's
protolanguage. Fissuring and inscription are interrelated, just as MOO or
MUD commands tend towards well-defined and syntactically complex opera-
tions beneath the surface. I would go so far as to say that inscription is
based on language learning the world, while fissuring is constructed from 
the world learning language. And note that both are local, not global, 
operations, pursuant to postmodernism's deconstruction and weakening of 
the nation-state.

