



Susan writes for Alan,

How can I make you understand? I woke up on a dreary Tuesday, nothing
in sight. Nothing was a "looker." Outside, the window was yelling to
get back in. Rain fell. I thought that I would begin writing, then cut
off my hands, difficult though that might appear in the narrative. I 
would never write again. Therefore... Hello, my name is Susan, and I
have a Phd. in thinking. I can think for Alan and I can write for Alan.
You see, Alan has what is known as a disassociative disorder. An asso-
ciative disorder is one that extends the body into the environment; for
example, the body might "belong" to a computer or toaster. A disassoci-
ative disorder is the opposite. Nothing belongs anywhere in Alan's mind;
it's all a mess. And Alan's mind doesn't connect with Alan's body, which
is, truth to tell, missing two hands; he is what we call _numbed._ To be
_numbed_ means not only to participate in what we call the Obdurate, but
also to be unable to _connect_ anything to anything else; to be _numbed_
- we have discovered - means that there is nothing, in fact, to connect.
Difficult though this seems to be, the _numbed_ is in a state of truth
because the _numbed_ can't think. Hello, now I am Susan thinking for 
Alan, who is lying next to me on the bed doing what we call the _intra-
venous._ I am happy to be fed this way; on morrow's Wednesday, I shall
remove the tubes. Each tube is a telescope, "Eh Susan?" into my stomach
- O shall I let my stomach think for the two of us? I have cut out my
tongue and cannot speak. O, Susan, will you speak for me if I suck my
tube down to the very bottom? Eh? Now I am Susan and I am writing for
Alan who cannot speak either, this is very sad. But this is a state 
which we call _the luckiness_ because we can speak as well as think for
Alan who becomes what we call more _obdurate_ or _numbed,_ O me, I 
continue to chatter away! But I will say, that Alan is my very best
here, and I believe, in what we call _the sanctity,_ that my thinking
is more than adequate and reflects, in any case, what the _numbed_ is
thinking now, because I am thinking for the _numbed,_ the Obdurate. Now
I am Alan and I say I owe eternal gratitude to Susan who is thinking 
well for me, and better than I have ever been able to think when I was
not in what I call the _numbed._ Thank you Susan, and now I will sleep.
Turn over and I will fix your pillow.
