


Brutal


There are no _brutes,_ no animals sodden in the waste of obdurate mind-
lessness. Butchers! There is no _brute_ force; what applies follows the
corruption of _universal law,_ the noise of heuristics constructing
_lost processes,_ extinctions of variables and elegance. The _shamble_
or _shuffle_ fits the case of the world; the word, shrink-wrapped in
psychoanalytical text, is grounded in a semantics reducing voltage to
the background radiation of the cosmos.

My text gathers like clovers around me, disseminations. This is the 
project I have assigned myself from the very beginning. For what is the
condition or moment of virtual subjectivity, if not its unfolding - to
which I force myself witness, through health and sickness, occasional
comfort and the uneasy/violent poverty of the self-dispossessed?

The writing, itself a form of extinction, pushes annihilation to the
limit; sleeping, I hear the cacophony of a world stuttered, the ordinary
and inaudible state of things. Desire is the tumescence of the chemical
recognition of death; chemistry mediates the manipulated world of 
instrumental reason, this very communication which gathers and enfolds
my language within you. (Whose code is this anyway?)

My project is to explore beyond the limits of these texts, their psycho-
logical, philosophical effects and affect. My project is to carry the
consciousness of _damaged life_ throughout the broken measure of cyber-
space, recuperating thought itself within the torment of the wounded or
isolated body, the body corrupted by self-alienation, the body scrolling
itself as cybermind.

What does it mean to _scroll the real,_ turn towards the inert world,
language, not speech, spewing from the mouth? Is this not a _lateral
space,_ extending everywhere, appearing as a perfect yet uneasy con-
sciousness? For it is a secret return, just as the computer is a secret
returning or mirroring of the self, a _mirror-stage_ which simultaneous-
ly bears witness to our being and translates the same into text. And I,
through my texts, invert the _tain of the mirror,_ deconstruct the trace
of flesh, burn out through the cancer of cellular divisions - I invert
back, _in other words,_ into the body and the body's desires. It is the
nakedness of the body that is reflected in the screen itself, a _trans-
lucent_ body, illuminated letters and manuscripts charging through. 

It is the symbolic, that primary source of _detachment, decathexis,_ 
that constructs us; it is the real that murders the symbolic. _The com-
puter never recognizes the silence of speech,_ just as Unix _echo,_ 
itself a symbol for the mirror-stage, ignores variable spacings:

$ echo  fallen   between these     spaces   the swan    the white swan
fallen between these spaces the swan the white swan

which has nowhere to fly in the splintering of stochastic processes,
memories of universal laws, slight increase in volume of the 3-degree K
background microwave radiation, peripheral collapse of organisms, 
tumors, writings degree K zero...

Which is what I write, continue to write, disquiet life,

			"Toute Pensee emet un Coup de Des"


