


[Introduction to Robert Cheatham's Anomalous Propagation


That is to say, an introduction


After the twentieth century, a text can hardly perform itself. Whether 
or not "introduction" possesses roots looping back even to the indo-
european is beside its presence, concretely, here. In spite of massive
fortifications, there is no concretion that is not simultaneously a
missive. What is current is also lateral.

This laterality is at the least performative. That is to say, whatever
it intends, becomes extensional, a loosened alphabetic fabric. The 
fabric is always already an _addition,_ that is to say, a concatenation
broken by deconstruction, holocaust, the implosion of information. The
fabric intends an _emission,_ and it is the emission that is performa-
tive, that is to say, creates its construct vis-a-vis reception. Does
reception have a site.

It remains that Oedipus loses power through becoming-sightless; but this
is also the power of the tragic, that is to say, a performing in the 
oral tradition as context and institution are cut away. Such is the fate
of writing so powerful in relation to the body of theory / theory of the
body that it necessarily derives its own location; that is to say, it is
performative in the deepest sense. What sees is what the writing saw(s),
cut from institutional moorings.

Which is to say the _strength_ of Robert Cheatham's text, a splintered
brilliance, which is all we are capable of witnessing. When nothing co-
heres, everything coheres. I would go so far as to say, take up arms in
the form of speech - APPA deconstructs/reconstructs the origin of the
third millennium, speech already halfway into the ether.

I would say that Robert Cheatham's text _accomplishes_ this and will
change your entrance and exit. I would say, brilliant.


