==



THE GREAT CARAPACE, by Clara


There is a great REVOLUTION underway, greater than any man or woman
has ever known. This is the INFORMATION REVOLUTION and you are 
welcome to it. Do you know what this means? That all the novels 
and poems ever written will become obsolete or forgotten as wonderful
prose and poetry is generated for the first time with electronic
perfection, the in-building of the intuitive, entire realms of 
IMAGINARY EXPERIENCE. Enormous flow guarantees no masterpieces; each
and every text will exist for the moment, for your eyes only. The 
result will be only the WHISPER of a permanent culture, and culture
will no longer be taught, but LIVED to the fullest by means of 
electronic display!

There are no welcoming signs to this OUR FUTURE which is upon us, not
a new form of literacy, but LITERACY itself which need not even
entail readers or writers! This revolution brings us to CULTURE 
DEGREE ZERO, a frozen culture emerging on its own terms, so fast- 
forward in fact that any sorts of knowledge are NECESSARILY DEEMED
FRAGMENTARY and there is no longer any consideration! The ROLE of 
every man or woman is simply to CONSUME in the BEST WAY POSSIBLE the
offerings of this Amazing Culture! Which includes reading or writing
like you and I are doing now, or looking at pictures, which may or
may not be moving!

You and I are already making a beginning; you and I are reading and
writing this!

Late at night I dream of lying naked in bed next to you, crossing 
your body with wires, a DARK STAR INTERFACE, binding you to me, one
or another word crossing your cock, your breasts, your cunt! And 
what of these words, carrying a writing beneath which your skin
disappears, wires everywhere, a wired-monstrosity groaning beneath
the memory of flesh! Pity the poor wire, not the flesh which 
disappears on the sheets, loses itself against a mattress occasioned
by tradition! The wire-monstrosity groans and heaves; it is the
monstrous which writes at a faster and faster rate, chattering away
next to me! I crawl within it:

Together our bodies are erased, shuddering in the confluence of 
flesh, bone and sweat; together our bodies are creased, held taut 
with one another in the midst of a permanent imaginary; together the
wire shuddering increases BAUD RATE RECOMPENSE eventually denying
presence of flesh, mattress, bed, room, the presence of the inert
materiality of the world as we knew it!::

The wires heave, shuddering! The convoluted sphere compresses in 
order to gain speed! The sphere begins to diminish, crashing 
dimensionality along with it! Dimension becomes a murmur on the DARK
STAR UNDERNET, a form of binding! & there are no eyes! There are no 
eyes! The sphere increases in density and temperature, the melting-
point of wire and transistor! Wires fuse together in SILICON VALLEY
FUCK! A turmoil or turbulence of tangled wires, ASCII stuttering at
WARP SPEED OVERLOAD! No one can imagine!

The PERFECT AND PURE INFORMATION MANIFOLD FOREVER BORN is an 
occurrence which has always already occurred. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
of HYPERSPACE MEDIA MART welcome to a state in which YOU HAVE ALREADY
EXISTED!!!

2

I should add that I am a REVOLUTIONARY and that Revolution still has 
never been tried to the fullest in this century or any other. 
Revolution is the only means of attaining the SATISFACTORY 
ACCUMULATION OF WEALTH FOR EVERYONE. We should never exist to fight,
nor fight to exist; we should LIE BACK SPRAWLED before or in the 
midst of the enemy, or naked bodies available to Him and Her! In this
fashion the materiality of history will be overthrown for the HORDES
of HYPERSPACE WARRIORS that will emerge only to LAY DOWN their arms
as a gesture of perfect acquiescence! This is clearly the form that
Revolution will take, sexually activated and Perfected for 
ACCUMULATION! The undermining of NOENEMY is ENEMY ITSELF. Although I
dream for the day when Revolution is emerged, to LIE BACK SPRAWLED
and accept the CURRENT OF HISTORY, Alternating/Dialectical, or Direct/
Transnational! THIS IS THE MASS ACCUMULATION FROM CONSENSUS REALITY
WHICH I DEFINE AS REALITY. As I have said, Welcome to a state in 
which YOU HAVE ALREADY EXISTED!!!


