=



THE STORY OF HORROR WHICH DID NOT HAPPEN TO ME AND IS NOT A STORY



I never had any feeling; ice went up my ass. Everything was dull and
frozen. Packed in without feeling. A grey horizon of light. Iron
spears of pressure-dependent pain. I was immobile. My eyes felt iced
shut. Soaked. The chill is unbearable. I have no number. My blood
freezes as my skin bleeds. Nameless. A rotunda.

They turn me over. Flesh cracks; there's blood something transparent
on the concrete. "On." Teeth are gone. I know my lip is split but I do
not know "I." Oh told to write this you have it. 

I am packed frozen between two women. They shove her breast in my
mouth. I can't move. The body stashes its tremble. A convulsion. The
cock grows of its own accord. I bend double. The women pack closer.
One is thrown off and killed. Oh Clara the other one. She places her
mouth on my eye. It moves. I have a tear on my skin. Eye screams with
pain because it is moved.

My cock is hard. Oh Clara holds it, shoves it in. My back collapses
and broken everywhere. It pierces me. Her cunt rings fire. It's of no
use of use. Leans forward, braces. They tear her off me. They tear me
in two. They put her on me. My back breaks in four places. They tear
her off me. 

Eye am warmed by ice Oh Clara. Oh Clara your breasts hard against me.
Slab concrete buckles. We fall tight, her cunt sewn on cock, eye sewn
on eye. Sutures everywhere. Leg leg.

Jagged ice everywhere, cut eye. I cannot rise. Oh Clara told to write
this Oh Clara have it Oh Clara you have at it. Blood cracks from her
mouth. She has no mouth, eye has no lid, open Clara cock. You cock I
am dropped. My back breaks, Clara breaks. Cure this; cure this "on." A
last sentence. What can I period. Clara drops. For they drop: drop us.
For they cut: cut us. For they break: break us. Eye am open always. 
Sutured shut.

Eugen Kogan, THE THEORY AND PRACTICE OF HELL, pp. 165-166: `Himmler
was especially interested in methods of warming persons who had been
severely chilled. In a number of series this was done by means of
naked women, brought from Ravensbruck for the purpose. "Personally I
believe," Himmler wrote Rascher, now promoted to SS captain, "these
experiments may bring the best and most sustained results, but of
course I may be mistaken." He was not mistaken. Rascher was able to
report in detail how revived subjects practiced sexual intercourse at
86 to 90 degrees F. and that this proved to be the equivalent of a
"hot bath." When placed between two naked women, the subjects did not
recover as rapidly as with one woman. "I attribute this to the fact
that in warming by means of one woman personal inhibitions are avoided
and the woman clings very closely to the chilled person (cf. Curve
4).' From the blurb inside front cover: `THIS WAS *HELL* ON EARTH /
They: *Injected innocent people with disease germs for the greater
glory of German ... Made lamp shades from human skin ... Revived
frozen men by the use of naked women ... Utilized the body fats of
millions for the German war effort ... Put to death more people than
any other tyranny in the history of the world ...*'


>>I do not tell a story. I do not cling to the truth. I do not cling
>>to anything. My skin falls from my bones. I am an electric galaxy. 
>>I do not have to live here. I am told: You can go and live wherever
>>you want and it will be okay. I am told: Nothing happened because
>>this is not a story. I cannot help clinging. I am hopeless, having
>>no hope for myself. What would that be like. I do not understand
>>this woman wanting this desire. I have lied to you from the
>>beginning.

>>>Do you want to tell something, to tell the truth. There is no
>>>truth, there is nothing.

>>You transform into dialog, into dialogic; you turn, turn away from
>>me. Oh Clara nothing happened. Do not read the signs!

>>>The signs are there to be read. Or there are no signs, only marks.
>>>There are marks made by nails into floors, marks splintering flesh;
>>>there are marks but no eyes

>>There are eyes nothing to read, no marks nothing, you do not know
>>this nothing or imagined or dream torn from its moorings

>>>There are no marks be quiet >>>>Yes be quiet

"It is a description of the closest thing to hell in human history."
--Reinhold Niebuhr

I AM FULL OF HOLES sondheim@newschool.edu



for clara



