



MYFLESH THUS!!!



Here in this flat land, I exist only to suture one upon the other,
MYFLESH against a degree of topography.

But here in this flat land, I recognize its impossibility; I dream of
Brooklyn and its interstices. But here in Brooklyn, I dream of a flat
land surrounded and crossed by wires, packets of information,
triangulations providing the only guide to address or recognition -
triangulations from above, guided by SATELLITE COSTAR dark upon SUN
which burns through wires, constructs BROWNOUT.

BROWNOUT is the great depression, the numbing of low-temperature
voltage barely holding machinery in place; machinery stumbles as I cry
to no one. (Do I cry CYNTHIA? Do I respond?) To cry again: the dream
of adolescence.

MYFLESH takes up the cry; MYFLESH stumbles in a DESIGNATED SPACE
lending to DESIGNATED SPACE. I walk upon declivities as SPACE WALKS
UPON ITSELF, stumbles to no end. Words catch in the craw of the mouth.
MYFLESH hives or scratches only in DESIGNATED SPACE; elsewhere
SATELLITE COSTAR hems in. Daily I record my thoughts.

My thoughts are http:\\mythoughts\mythoughts\mythoughts:html as you
might have guessed; REWRITE relocates with SATELLITE COSTAR even
fractal intensities, spiralling down. Do I never cut myself loose.
MYFLESH struggles against BROWNOUT dampening voice as switching
mechanics channel digital audio elsewhere. So that I am elsewhere. So
that I am always elsewhere, crying CYNTHIA WHERE ARE YOU. So that in
this crying BROWNOUT cooperates; SATELLITE COSTAR relocates REWRITE,
now passive/intransitive, bring-back to DESIGNATED SPACE.

This is the DIARYMOVEMENT located as thread-mythoughts. Blind track or
retrack. THIS IS MYFLESH:

I disband BROWNOUT by means of RELOCATION SATELLITE COSTAR.

I stutter REWRITE through REWRITE/SHUNT burrowing through DESIGNATED
SPACE.

DESIGNATED SPACE spirals down.

I gather PUNCTUATION SPACE .,:;'`"!!!? I CAUTERIZE the same!!!

CYNTHIA WHERE ARE YOU in PUNCTUATION SPACE!!!

CYNTHIA SATELLITE COSTAR!!!



