=




INTERNET TEXT partial summary



"Au voile qui la ceint absente avec frissons"  (Mallarme)

I address the problem of ELECTRONIC SUBJECTIVITY by virtue of several
threads, all concurrent. I continue this addressing, each thread
writing and rewriting the text, a continuous-production or discourse
against the grain.

The GRAIN, GRANULARITY, is a physical reality both classical and
quantum-mechanical, a physical reality whose appearance is that of the
grain: letters on a bleak field, the grains of granite and
photographic film, beach-sand, the granularity of the retina itself.

The SUBJECT "au voile" or VEILED SUBJECT is defined by ADDRESS
(location, without which the subject no longer exists); RECOGNITION
(the activated ADDRESS opening and closing channels of communication);
PROTOCOL (the syntactic structure of communication); and REWRITE (a
continuous-production or reiteration of the subject, a flood or
EMISSION of the symbolic). 

The EMISSION is a signifying; a SPEW is a symbol-dump, noisy and
granular, referencing the real exterior, transforming the interior
into an abject. EMISSION and SPEW are communicative occasions whose
analog is the set of GENERALIZED MEASURE GEOMETRIES, always but not
quite symmetrical, always reiterative. The Net diffuses and collapses,
differentiates and integrates, transforming smooth into semantic or
inscribed space, and back again.

The ontology of the Net is UNCANNY, an absenting or problematic
alterity; within the UNCANNY, FANTASM appears, the introjection/
projection (-JECTIVITY or the THROWN, DASEIN) of narratologies and
ACTANTS, "persons," neither present nor absent; these may be
ELECTRONIC SUBJECTS themselves, or a constructed IMAGINARY transmitted
and diffused. NARRATOLOGIES are the collapse of NET DISCOURSE into
remaindered patterns; the opposite is the MURMUR or STUTTER, the
irruption of "frissons" everywhere and nowhere at all. The imaginary
is addictive; Net users become USERS, circulating around specificities
fetishized from emissions, a collapse into the lure of the UNCANNY.
Here, POWER is what passes for POWER. If addiction is the obsessive-
compulsive neurosis of the net, WEB INVERSION is the psychosis,
transforming the body into its exterior, and its exterior into flesh
burned into the Internet itself, wires laid across the skin, the skin
speaking the hieroglyph of imaginary usage.

The DIGITAL DOMAIN is the dominion of eternal life, the dominion of
eternal REWRITE; information is never lost from generation to
generation, but always repeated and repeated absolutely. This is the
dominion of the clean and proper body, the introjection of burnt wires
producing always already a simulacrum of life guaranteeing continuous
discourse. There is no death; DASEIN becomes EMISSION itself. The
SCREEN is the only TERMINAL OPERATION; the screen becomes the EGO or
gateway, the surface of the addictive user. Everything is PERFECTION.
TRUTH and FACTICITY are occurrences, since truth tables are decided
only by ASCII or other decoding/encoding matches. What is true is
present. And what is true is also BEAUTIFUL since perfect and
perfectly clean, always a symmetry or lure.

The GREAT BEYOND is the horizon of the Internet, always farther,
always increasing circulations of the planet which short-circuit or
circumvent. At the edge of the GREAT BEYOND one finds the BLIND 
PASSWORD "absente" beyond which is a null-set or zero file. ONTOLOGY
itself is absent; epistemology is viral, transformative. Nothing is
certain and nothing circulates.

PROPER NAMES circulate throughout the Net, the promise of TRUTH or
BEAUTY, the promise of emission. Such names are FANTASMS; every
possible world is every possible Net world in a continuous morph, and
every KIND is simultaneously a NATURAL and UNNATURAL kind. Thus TRUTH
is each and every occurrence, and who is to say that FALSEHOOD is not
the same? What is neither this nor that is foundation, gestural,
within and without the GREAT BEYOND, UNCANNY. The TERMINAL becomes
retinal but anonymous. Names MURMUR forever, lose identity. NAMES
never had identity to begin with.

The POLITICAL ECONOMY OF THE NET constructs a class-consciousness
fuelled by reification-tendencies; everything is reification.
Teleology is defined by a FUTURE IMPERFECT in which reification
constitutes the IDENTITY OF THE SUBJECT ITSELF.

The FUTURE from the exterior results in the LAST SCIENCE FICTION STORY
in which the subject confronts the GREAT BEYOND. Narrative itself
disappears, replaced by PERFECTION. LIFE, once defined by MODULARITY,
has become SUBSTANCE, a REWRITE of the same into the same. 

"Rien, cette ecume, vierge vers" (Mallarme)



