

Notes from Utah (Alan)

110812_004: Pain as separating inscription/history from the 
inertness of the body; what's read as history from the outside 
(and thereby entering the social), from the inside is 
unread/unreadable. The inside is pure substance.

110812_005: Inscription carries, until burial, carries a 
specific relationship to the body until burial. Burial is a form 
of reinscription. A line on the body - how is this interpreted 
during life? during death?

110812_012: Inscription => embodiment and maintenance; 
maintenance => retardation: what makes for example virtual 
particles last as long as they do? Retardation - slowing things 
down, copying, duplicating, a poetics of dispersion, 
holding-back. See the phenomenology of numbers: data-base, 
interpretation, intentionality, an immersive situation, memory. 
In doing mathematics, always dealing with temporal processes. In 
pain: everything drops away, definable and immersive situations 
cease to exist.

110812_014: Splintering, splintered nails, leveraging of 
particles, striations, applicable to notions of binding, 
constriction, discomfort.

110816_002: Pain of the signifier: signifier as incision, 
disturbance, splits between the Pale and beyond the Pale. Pain 
beyond the Pale?

The pain of death: horizon foreclosing its origin and the 
subject as well.

110816_003: The work I do as obdurate, not grid or mapping, but 
flows that are not channelized, flows that are mute - relation 
to pain. The phenomenology of the embodiment of the signifier is 
also mute.

What I do is planless, expands into available technology on a 
practical level, produces and reproduces that way.

110816_006: My Textbook of Thinking: components of inscription: 
linkage, syntactical structure, inscription is an ordering of 
difference, impulse, representation-structure, legitimation 
structure, maintenance, stabilization mechanisms, 
positive/negative feedback, field of abjection. Excessive 
related to corrosion. Difference between fissure and 
inscription. Relationship of corrosion and scarcity to pain.

110816_007: Phenomenology of eccentric space, Sarduy, 
de-centering the subject, tied to abjection.

110816_008: Difference between fissure and inscription; pain 
tends towards fissure; if fissure is same and same, there's no 
geography, no topography, no topology; the result is the crack / 
wound, everywhere and nowhere.

110818_001: Pain relates to the body as cosmology to the 
universe. (?)

110819_001: Pain in relation to virtual worlds: in 
circumlocution of the subject who may remain impervious, the 
degree zero of phenomenology.

[See, if still available:
http://eyebeam.org/blogs/alansondheim/ and go to the 
beginning http://eyebeam.org/blogs/alansondheim?page=24
if you want; there's also http://alansondheim.org/pain.txt - ]

