==. your writing. does
   writing matter? ( i sit on naked, idiot girl sits on me, she
   says, i want to show myself ). true
   idiot boy. I would like to recommend two
   email lists: idiot-list-l@bbs.thing.net and idiotboy@onelist.com.
   Idiot-list deals with cultural true
   idiot boy at idiot.pl line 32 $ exit Script done on Thu Dec 4
   01:58:45 2003

   ___


i wake in the holograph


i wake in the holograph and storm to the computer i am ready for
conversion. the screen won't let me in. the program-net beckons. the
screen is flat like a door is flat. i think now i will never arrive. it
remains inert like the real is inert. i write in complete silence except
for the sound of 'type'. my hands tremble and are these words correct. my
life is a continuous correction. my life is a continuous erasure. i can
almost hear you. i can almost see you. there is something uncanny about
the flatness.:i am always in the state of erasure. my thoughts are in the
way of my thoughts. i continue to shudder. i i i i i you can never get
enough of it. jennifer helps on my left and nikuko on my right. why can't
i see everything upside down instead of left right reversed. nikuko and
jennifer double. it is said that everything has its counterpart which
devours it. what is not know that the devourer is also devoured by the
devoured. the world is lamina - animal not vertical lacitrev. :this flat
screen where i work alone. i collaborate badly. i bristle. my thoughts
infuriate me. when someone talks 'behind my back' they are in front of me.
my work is constantly signing off. today i thought today i shall surely
die. nothing happened but the need of codeine. emmett grogan was born on
my block. willie sutton lived down the street. grogan writes about sutton
and died young. i am always in the state of waiting.:there are lips
slightly parted and slightly drawn:there are lips and curtains drawn there
are flat worlds


Does this flat screen where i work alone. i collaborate badly. i bristle.
my thoughts infuriate me. when someone talks 'behind my back' they are in
front of me. my work is constantly signing off. today i thought today i
shall surely die. nothing happened but the need of codeine. emmett grogan
was born on my block. willie sutton lived down the street. grogan writes
about sutton and died young. i am always in the state of waiting. replace
your i wake in the holograph and storm to the computer i am ready for
conversion. the screen won't let me in. the program-net beckons. the
screen is flat like a door is flat. i think now i will never arrive. it
remains inert like the real is inert. i write in complete silence except
for the sound of 'type'. my hands tremble and are these words correct. my
life is a continuous correction. my life is a continuous erasure. i can
almost hear you. i can almost see you. there is something uncanny about
the flatness.?


there are curtains drawn and slightly parted
there are lips slightly parted and slightly drawn
there are lips and curtains drawn there are flat worlds
i will never wake up


_


configuration

configuration is pure thought. it's the alignment of abstraction and
ideology with machinery. mind and machine are blown into the ecological
niches of each other, crossing ontologies, epistemologies generated in
relation to the granular on one hand and the raster on the other. when
configuration goes badly, thought is thwarted, rechanneled, bypassed. it's
in exclusionary or chaotic moments like these that the limits are both
reached and realized. the future is already crossing borders, 
transgressing the present. 

configuration is never perfect, the interfacings among abstractions, the 
machinic, emotions, are always empathetic, alteric. the grist of the other 
is transformed into a phenomenology of softening, liquidity, typefaces and 
diagonals, obtuse and acute, aliased towards the limits of comprehension.

configuration joins the universal to ourselves; it's here, in the midst of 
prosaic details, that ideality is triumphantly approached. the slightest 
gesture opens realms of articulated thought, and what was unravelled 
appears part and parcel, once again, of the unravelling earth.


___


jennifer's snow

a frequent blizzard a warning blizzard is warning issued is when issued
sustained when wind sustained speeds wind or speeds frequent or gusts
and/or of gusts over of 35 over mph 35 are mph expected or with expected
considerable with falling considerable and/or falling blowing and with
blowing drifting and snow. drifting visibilities snow. will visibilities
become will poor, become whiteout become conditions whiteout at conditions
times. at those times. become venturing those outdoors. venturing may
outdoors lost to disoriented persons, or so disoriented persons, persons
so in persons the in warning the area warning advised are to advised exit
continue, to continue, to return, to x, exit, to stay indoors. indoors.
stay any discouraged. travel any strongly is discouraged. and strongly
expires.


__


 my new friends

  6 04:29:24 [201]:  name=rpm, gid=37
 6 04:29:25 [202]:  name=rpm, age=37, gid=37,
  6 04:29:29 [210]:  name=floppy, gid=19
  6 04:29:29 [211]:  name=vcsa, gid=69
 6 04:29:29 [211]:  name=vcsa, age=69, gid=69,
  6 04:30:14 [254]:  name=utmp, gid=22
  6 04:31:50 [572]:  name=nscd, gid=28
 6 04:31:50 [572]:  name=nscd, age=28, gid=28,
  6 04:32:57 [589]:  name=slocate, gid=21
  6 04:33:08 [594]:  name=sshd, gid=74
 6 04:33:08 [594]:  name=sshd, age=74, gid=74,
  6 04:33:09 [599]:  name=rpc, gid=32
 6 04:33:09 [600]:  name=rpc, age=32, gid=32,
  6 04:33:09 [602]:  name=rpcuser, gid=29
 6 04:33:09 [602]:  name=rpcuser, age=29, gid=29,
  6 04:33:10 [606]:  name=nfsnobody, gid=65534
 6 04:33:10 [606]:  name=nfsnobody, age=65534,
  6 04:33:13 [611]:  name=mailnull, gid=47
 6 04:33:13 [611]:  name=mailnull, age=47, gid=47,
  6 04:33:13 [612]:  name=smmsp, gid=51
 6 04:33:13 [612]:  name=smmsp, age=51, gid=51,
 6 04:33:21 [632]:  name=pcap, gid=77
 6 04:33:21 [633]:  name=pcap, age=77, gid=77,
  6 04:35:34 [1164]:  name=xfs, gid=43
 6 04:35:34 [1164]:  name=xfs, age=43, gid=43,
  6 04:37:20 [1249]:  name=ntp, gid=38
 6 04:37:20 [1250]:  name=ntp, age=38, gid=38,
  6 04:48:23 [1641]:  name=gdm, gid=42
 6 04:48:23 [1641]:  name=gdm, age=42, gid=42,
  6 04:54:08 [2004]:  name=canna, gid=39
 6 04:54:08 [2004]:  name=canna, age=39, gid=39,
  6 04:58:26 adduser[2100]:  name=desktop, gid=80
 6 04:58:26 adduser[2100]:  name=desktop, age=80, gid=80,

 surely you will gain greater delight knowing these people are in my 
 linux box if i am good they will do whatever i want if i am bad they
 will do whatever they want


 _

   Jennifer's Configuration of the World-Picture

   I left out some other very important aspects of the world picture that
   the  could  have  extended  this  discussion  by  taking  note  of the
   configuration of Solomons Let v(e) denote the probability of observing
   a  configuration  in  the set e the larger question here, a systematic
   elaboration  of  the  world-picture  which quantum did not necessarily
   involve  a  wish  to  abandon  the  mechanical  world  picture.  aptly
   summarized  the situation as follows: The whole cultural configuration
   at  the  subject  (127). Heidegger christens this new configuration of
   representation,  truth,  science and man the age of the world picture.
   phase  may on Email Marketing :Email lists The day (world picture your
   screensaver   sharer   an   a  entire  Internet  HTTP/HTTPS,  firewall
   configuration,  ICMP  theand short on stars timer about your the short
   (world  picture  star.  on. firewall. TCP/UDP so offers configuration,
   screenshot,  POP3,  Telnet,  the Internet. I mean not only Los Angeles
   itself,  as  some  new hyperurban configuration, but also Accordingly,
   the world picture would be a painting, so to speak, of what is of slow
   speeds  and  weak  curvatures,  but Einsteins world picture is totally
   collapse  as  the  system  point in classical mechanical configuration
   space  with  the  future discussion should lead to the comprehensible,
   updated world picture, adjusted with some super-beings existing in the
   working  configuration  space.  future  discussion  should lead to the
   comprehensible,  updated  world picture, adjusted with Jack is already
   speaking  about  configuration  space geometrodynamics be unveiled for
   him  in a remarkable way as the content of his world-picture. can best
   be   built   into   the   human   organism,  according  to  its  inner
   configuration.   which   provide   a   comprehensive,   thorough   and
   cost-effective  real-world picture of an on-site engineering checks of
   systems design, topology and configuration. data and correlate them in
   an  explicitly  process-oriented  configuration  that has vacant room,
   body  and  space  in the early modern world picture John Gillies. view
   also  led to the disappearance of I from the world picture, what it of
   the  living  centers they contain, always in a bootstrap configuration
   which  allows The world picture of Newtonian mechanics was essentially
   stable.  valencies  of  the elements could be explained by postulating
   that  a  configuration  in  which  an  values  taken by a mass density
   function  defined  in  ordinary configuration space as can one use the
   new  1  criterion  to  drop  ,-branches from the world-picture? values
   taken  by  a  mass  density function defined in ordinary configuration
   space  as  can one use the new 1 criterion to drop ,-branches from the
   world-picture?        or at a higher level of analysis implication for
   the  configuration  of the No complete world-picture can be generated,
   without  use  of  both  modes of I string theory, which should also be
   generic  in  the  brane  world      picture:  (1)  In  In  this  brane
   configuration,  not  all  the  twisted  sector  states  are located I.
   INTRODUCTION According to the  brane-world  picture, our universe is a
   (3   In  particular,  models  have  been  discussed  where  the  field
   configuration  in the view also led to the disappearance of I from the
   world picture, what it of the living centers they contain, always in a
   bootstrap  configuration  which  allows  with  the real machine is not
   determined  solely  by the configuration of the out in accordance with
   what  is  called,  in    On Certainty, our world-picture. explored the
   formation  of novel topological defects in the brane-world picture due
   to  with the conclusion that for a static two-brane configuration only
   stiff  or     at  a  higher  level  of  analysis   implication for the
   configuration  of  the  No  complete  world-picture  can be generated,
   without  use  of both modes of NLE user forums where experienced users
   are  generous  with tips about configuration etc likely to get replies
   that  will  give  you a real-world picture from happy To try to answer
   these  questions  we adopt some world picture.   Just as determine the
   evolution of the universe precisely, given its configuration at one is
   needed  in order to generate and sustain the specific configuration of
   an  can  be  expected  to  degenerate  into metonomies, a closed world
   picture  that  no condenser will experience the exact same contraction
   as  the field configuration. the Lorentz force) that form the basis of
   the electromagnetic world picture. To try to answer these questions we
   adopt  some   world  picture.   Just as determine the evolution of the
   universe  precisely,  given  its  configuration  at one Heidegger also
   claims  that  the  arrival  of  the  world  picture and representation
   Furthermore,  I demonstrate the ways in which the configuration of the
   modern  In  the  brane-world picture, G 4 is inversely proportional to
   the  distance  between  However, the configuration is unstable since a
   slight  perturbation in T will as these express the essential features
   of  the world-picture that has dynamical effects (movements considered
   as  changes  of  configuration),  occurring  in both happened with the
   onset  of  the 20 th - century mechanistic world-picture was that They
   appear  where  they do, as a result of the configuration which appears
   in  Our  present  world  picture Standard Model (QFT) Gravity/geometry
   (classical)  Not  valid  up  depend  on  the  details  of the internal
   manifold  or  brane  configuration. is needed in order to generate and
   sustain the specific configuration of an can be expected to degenerate
   into  metonomies,  a  closed  world  picture  that  no  The aim of the
   eventual  future discussion should lead to the comprehensible, updated
   world  picture  adjusted  with results of working configuration space.
   phase  may on Email Marketing :Email lists The day (world picture your
   screensaver   sharer   an   a  entire  Internet  HTTP/HTTPS,  firewall
   configuration,  ICMP theand as these express the essential features of
   the  world-picture that has dynamical effects (movements considered as
   changes  of  configuration),  occurring  in  both  It is based on some
   rather  beguiling  features  of contemporary physicists world picture.
   that  one  can  pick  and choose the mathematical configuration of the
   theoretic  context,  the  most  natural  framework for the brane-world
   picture  is  through  The  field  configuration  depending only on one
   coordinate  (call it z) that is well understood there remain some open
   questions  in  the  brane  world picture. y)    y Î¦(y) = 0 (10) for a
   supersymmetric  background  field configuration. is needed in order to
   generate  and sustain the specific configuration of an can be expected
   to  degenerate  into  metonomies,  a  closed  world  picture  that  no
   Furthermore,  words  like  world  picture  and  world  view are visual
   metaphors  which  leave  out  It  is  a  re-configuration of the basic
   premises   that   frame   ones  The  source  of  this  experience  and
   configuration of the world, which at the mention in its own light, and
   this  world  passes  beyond  the  world-picture  of natural The arrows
   indicate  the phase value of T for a non-trivial vacuum configuration.
   constant   )), it then seems necessary to have the brane world picture
   [13].  longer  only  the  captain or the officer of the watch have the
   outside  world  picture.  waters,  and  is met by the high performance
   X-rudders  configuration  and  the To try to answer these questions we
   adopt  some   world  picture.   Just as determine the evolution of the
   universe  precisely,  given  its  configuration at one longer only the
   captain  or  the  officer of the watch have the outside world picture.
   waters, and is met by the high performance X-rudders configuration and
   the  If some many-world picture holds, configuration space must expand
   if  it  is not to acquire a significant density of worlds- ie distinct
   blobs   of   wave-function   Then  Ptolemy  conceived  a  mathematical
   world-picture  still with a little of the old Yet in this mathematical
   configuration  there  was  at least some remnant of Numbers: 98.80.Cq;
   04.50.+h; 11.25.Mj; 12.10.-g The brane world picture of the the second
   one  is  locally isotropic defined by a brane configuration and the In
   the world-picture of a classical theory time is substantial and reveal
   itself This configuration of matter ( universe ) may be represented by
   a  quantum the socially inescapable world-picture called common sense.
   motivated,    thematic,   imaginative   integration   of   a   regular
   self/objectivities  configuration. of names in logical space that maps
   out  onto  a configuration of objects long time before my birth, etc.,
   are  part  of  our  world-picture,  Wittgenstein  suggests  The arrows
   indicate  the phase value of T for a non-trivial vacuum configuration.
   constant  ff), it then seems necessary to have the brane world picture
   [13].  is  actively  exploring  the  cosmological consequences of this
   brane-world  picture  for the as the quasi-unit cell picture, in which
   atomic  configuration  can be of the relation of the physical world to
   the  world-picture,  but  also  extraordinary  fashion  by  concerning
   himself  primarily  with the total configuration of the is much nearer
   to  truth  than  the  still  prevailing  Newtonian  world  picture! of
   microtubules are amplified to macroscopic changes in the configuration
   of  the  University, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138 1 Introduction Our
   present world picture is based on the details of the internal manifold
   or  brane  configuration. How would this change the world-picture? The
   issue  in perception of discerning the substantial configuration, in a
   perceptual  field  with aspects of a mirage. discussion should lead to
   the   comprehensible,   updated  world  picture  adjusted  with  these
   B-patterns,  presumably  electromagnetic  field configuration, have to
   University  Cambridge,  Massachusetts 02138 1 Introduction Our present
   world  picture  is  based on the details of the inter- nal manifold or
   brane  configuration.  the  socially  inescapable world-picture called
   common  sense.  motivated,  thematic,  imaginative  integration  of  a
   regular  self/objectivities  configuration.  This,  this,  any this to
   which  you  can  point,  is  a configuration of units of please try to
   remember  that  each one of us has a private world picture gallery, in
   Logs  and  OMC-R  Statistics to paint a real-world picture of your our
   worldwide  implementation  expertise,  we  will  recommend the optimal
   configuration  values  for  2002  Pros:  Wonderfully  crisp  and clear
   picture,   easy  configuration  and  excellent  and  this  attractive,
   especially  in  the  projection  world..picture quality on a or - at a
   higher level of analysis - implication for the configuration of the No
   complete  world-picture can be generated, without use of both modes of
   construal  video  game:  kite  flight  simulator  - kite screen shot -
   digital world picture. System requirements. Recommended configuration.
   Dowloads.  Downloads. Links. Suggested Kite - Piloting course - flight
   simulator  -  3D  world  -  picture.  System requirements. Recommended
   configuration.  Dowloads. Downloads. Links. Suggested websites. Kite -
   Piloting  course  - flight simulator - digital world - picture. System
   requirements.  Recommended  configuration. Dowloads. Downloads. Links.
   Suggested  websites.  From  pioneers  to  entrepreneurs:  young women,
   consumerism,  and  the  world  picture    in Kyrgyzstan The Mongol-Han
   relations in a new configuration of social organization of matter into
   purposeful  complexes whose configuration could not a simple, arguably
   coherent,  and  empirically  adequate explanatory world-picture. This,
   this,  any this to which you can point, is a configuration of units of
   please try to remember that each one of us has a private world picture
   gallery,  in diverse as automobile transmission design, micro-computer
   system  configuration,  and floor basic labeling scheme of the arcs in
   block  world picture graph, where This illustrates what we mean by the
   world  picture of science being compositional and that compete for the
   RNA  precursors  or  alter  the  configuration  of  the DNA 2002 Pros:
   Wonderfully  crisp and clear picture, easy configuration and excellent
   and  this  attractive,  especially  in  the  projection world..picture
   quality  on  a  of  masculation  at  different  scales has altered the
   configuration  of  this  and  defined,  deeply altering the collective
   perspective  and  the world picture that is fermion, and obtain chiral
   phase  structure  in  terms of the bulk configuration. 1.1 Brane world
   picture  The  known  theories  of  quantum  gravity  like supergravity
   reminiscent  of the ensemble of universes in the many-world picture of
   quantum  any  complete  set of projection operators characterizing the
   configuration  of  the Pros: Wonderfully crisp and clear picture, easy
   configuration  and  excellent index and this attractive, especially in
   the   projection   world..picture  quality  on  a  directly  from  the
   configuration  of  the  theatre,  and  that the director chose for its
   dramatic  impact  more  than  out of respect for the Renaissance world
   picture.   in   preparation   for   drastically   reconstituting   the
   world-picture,  if  you  will  thematic,  imaginative integration of a
   regular  self/objectivities  configuration.  The  above  world picture
   arises out of the late David Bohms nonlocal hidden functions domain is
   the  system s  classical-mechanical  configuration space not or - at a
   higher level of analysis - implication for the configuration of the No
   complete  world-picture can be generated, without use of both modes of
   construal   Shakespeare   criticism,   rival   discoursive  practices,
   hierarchical  configuration  of  power  result in aspecific variant of
   this  authors ironic world picture. the features cannot be included on
   the map, but with GIS, any configuration of layers from New York State
   also  allows  us  to  layer  a real world picture onto our sequence of
   observations. ...

   ...


i hardly

at i think http://www.asondheim.org/ those of ?.png for example l.png

or such

i'll just keep working on painting

until i get it right


painting and painting i know it will come

then my paintings will work 

you'll see it just takes obsession you have to
be obsessed then it will come

i'm working on my painting
plein aire

a life-time of learning how to see

they will come i will get it right


__

 emptied text

 on friday azure fed a sick pigeon missing its tail-feathers outside a
 school building down the block   today we passed the building after
 a heavy snowstorm this weekend   we saw the bird   it had frozen to
 death huddled against a doorway   there are no answers in this useless
 search   inconceivable suffering   no yes buddhist answer

 it doesn't help

                                  Index of /

        Name                    Last modified       Size  Description
  