

steam 
Foofwa d'Imobilite the dancer
http://www.asondheim.org/luz.mp4
thinking about his next move of arm or leg
for every arm or leg of move he must think:
shall it go this way or that
he will be full of disgust for this arm or leg this time
when it is very cold and his spirit is steam
his spirit is steam steam steam

_


Go to GOOGLE HOME!


Coming home to Google, a sudden INCREASE in hits!

Go to Google Home	  	
Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    Desktop    more
 Web 	Results 1 - 10 of about 16,800 for "Alan Sondheim". (0.33 seconds) 
455 results stored on your computer - Hide - About
	velpress.txt - VEL by Alan Sondheim Book Description: A collection 
of codework - Nov 8

Well then it went down to 10,700 where it usually meanders. It was up 
there for about ten minutes. I was so happy! I couldn't believe my luck! I 
am doing everything I can to ensure my survival! I'm suicidal! Miserable! 
This was going to push me over the edge. I finally had enough sites! I'd 
live for a few months longer. Then I'd off myself... maybe! Just about all 
the protection I need! But so vulnerable!

But here's what happened - just a bit later - you can see for yourself!

Go to Google Home	  	
Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    Desktop    more
 Web	Results 1 - 10 of about 10,700 for "Alan Sondheim". (0.36 seconds) 
455 results stored on your computer - Hide - About
	velpress.txt - VEL by Alan Sondheim Book Description: A collection 
of codework - Nov 8

It took .03 seconds longer! It wondered "what was up"! I've gone back to 
the drawing board! I need more affirmation, reassurance, backup. There's 
just not enough to go around! I'm on it! I'm in on it! Yes, when 20,000 
comes, I think that's it, I'll kill myself! Reinforcements. It will take a 
year or so to peter out, after-fuck dribble, cleanup! Right now, it's too 
risky! More, more!

THIS JUST IN!!! - Now I'm getting worried! It's about time! Stay tuned!

Go to Google Home	  	
Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    Desktop    more 
 Web 	Results 1 - 10 of about 16,800 for "Alan Sondheim". (0.58 seconds) 
455 results stored on your computer - Hide - About
	velpress.txt - VEL by Alan Sondheim Book Description: A collection 
of codework - Nov 8

Time now: Tue Nov  9 16:45:32 EST 2004! 

It's ABOUT TIME!
It's about GOOGLE HOME!


_


Books I like and reasons to read them


- This is one of my columns reviewing recent purchases, trades, arrivals, 
found books, bound and unbound books. While I'm writing it, I'm listening 
to 'embedded' reporters make their ugly one-sided reports from the troops 
in Fallujah. I broke down earlier. Our news is managed like never before, 
and for all the talking we do about it here in this space, it continues. 
We may be so useless in the world, which is beyond anything but the most 
brutal seizures of power, the most brutal tortures and slaughter.

The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, translated and edited by Garmonsway. This is 
the standard old Everyman's Library edition. The Chronicle - like the 
Russian Primary Chronicle - should be read widely. It's part and parcel of 
anglo-European root. The chronicle is actually a group of chronicles which 
go through the Norman Conquest. Required reading for a lot of us.

Spy Planes and Electronic Warfare Aircraft, Bill Gunston, Arco 1983. I 
found this recently and love it. It's about seeing instead of killing, 
although sight itself is a grasp/rapture/raptor. Although outdated, it has 
the Lockheed SR-71 in it, a work of art which I saw in real life in Omaha. 
I like to think of these planes monitoring forest fires, clear-cutting, 
and other environmental travesties, instead of fast-forward monitoring of 
'insurgents.' Almost none of them have weaponry. I dream of the whole 
tribe of them watching each other soundlessly in the skies, leaving the 
rest of us alone.

PDF Hacks, 100 Industrial-Strength Tips & Tools, Sid Steward, O'Reilly. 
Personally I am irritated by PDF, finding it clunky, almost useless within 
browsers, long-loading, difficult to manipulate and at times even to 
download. This book does tell you how to work it more flexibly, from both 
creator and consumer viewpoints. I highly recommend this to academics and 
anyone (myself included) who has to work with the format.

Operation 'Phantom Fury' continues unabated on the television. 'Coalition 
forces are now moving' into Fallujah against those 'who want to stop 
democracy.' An obscenity.

The book includes sections on speeding up Acrobat's startup, copying data 
from PDF pages, managing a group of PDFs, authoring and self-publishing 
PDFs, and, among other things, "dynamic PDF" which is fairly interesting.

For myself, I'd like to see a spy-plane Acrobat that opens instantly, a 
browser in which files melt and can be infinitely molded, almost html...

Fundamentalism, The Search for Meaning, Malise Ruthven, Oxford, 2004. This 
is an excellent introduction - it's only 200-plus pages - to the issue, 
which needs to be examined in great detail. I'm going to order other 
works, mainly from the Fundamentalism Project - I'd also like to know more 
about the neurophysiological issues involved - Alport's The Nature of 
Prejudice years ago mentioned some studies. In any case, this book is 
excellent, focusing mainly on Christian, Jewish, and Islamic movements, 
discussing their relation to the book and the book's 'inerrancy.' Do check 
it out.

A Guide to Nature in Winter, Donald Stokes, Little, Brown, 1976. This is 
wonderful and useful for those of us who play amateur mycologist or 
ornithologist in the dead of winter, which isn't really dead of course, 
just quiet. This is an easy read for the United States; I assume there are 
similar guides for Europe and Canada.

All the used books by the way should be on www.abe.com at the least.

The Sexual Life of Catherine M., Catherine Millet, has just appeared in 
paperback here, with a 'new afterword.' She edits Art Press, one of the 
best art journals in the world (or at least was when I was reading it). 
The book has been written about extensively; I'm surprised I've seen so 
little reference to it on the lists I'm on. But it's brilliant, intense, 
physical/theoretical, producing a new form of writing and liberation that 
is more necessary than ever today.

The news is off, so there, Fallujah again buried, I'll change the channel. 
I'm trying to work safely but in the midst of slaughter that can't harm 
me, it can only exist as if otherwise, but not.

The Culture of Civil War in Kyoto, Mary Elizabeth Berry, California, 1994. 
This book was mentioned first by Philip Agre; it's an account of culture, 
not just of war, but of ludic tea ceremonies, dances, during the 15th and 
16th century 'Era of Warring States' in Kyoto. What fascinates me is the 
resonance between civility, civilian unrest, dance-form, control and 
release - all those Bataillian qualities (or Foofwa d'Imobilite for 
example) played out centuries ago. This work is useful for me in my own 
aesthetic founderings; I highly recommend it, even for those not 
particularly interested in Japanese history.

Building the Perfect PC, Robert Bruce and Barbara Fritchman Thompson, 
O'Reilly, 2004. I've seen a number of books on the subject - this one is 
going to be used, this summer - I want to construct a portable PC for 
performance, experimentation, and digital microscopy. I think this will be 
the most useful book I've seen (certainly the most useful of the O'Reilly 
volumes on the subject); the illustrations are in color, incredibly clear, 
and the book covers a number of PCs from the ground up. (I'll probably go 
for a LAN party PC which can be connected to a laptop, with enough 
performance for video projection of several screens at once.)

This surplus technology - for me it's all surplus at this point - is 
played out against an ad for a 'chimney sweeping log' that projects 
against accidental fireplace fires. They could spread through the house. 
They could be the result of a bomb; if we bomb areas that might be booby- 
trapped, we've made them safe for our American boys and girls. So few 
casualties! Back to the news.

Making the Alphabet Dance, Recreational Wordplay, Ross Eckler, St. 
Martin's, 1996. I hadn't seen this child of Oulipo and Scrabble-buzz 
before but its lists of words and linguistic processes seems unique to me 
- it ranges far afield, and includes mathematical analyses of spanning 
trees of letter transformations. The work is simultaneously rooted in the 
heuristics of English and the desire for platonic form; in fact, mappings 
onto the Platonic solids are explored. There are also examples from other 
languages, but the emphasis is on English. I've been reading this with 
intense joy - watching the bending of language to fit the form, just as 
I might use 'aas' as a word in cheating-Scrabble. Or is it?

Writings on Psychoanalysis, Freud and Lacan, by Althusser, Columbia, 1996.
What can I say? I hadn't seen this work before, I'm fascinated by it, more 
on a biographical level, or a level dealing with the discursivity of power 
and the power of discursivity, rather than the theoretical 'meat' within 
it. I can hear the wheels working. Lacan: 'Our relations are old, 
Althusser.' And so they are. Read on about the Law of Order, the Law of 
Culture, etc. This is a wonderful book and leads to a book I'm hardly 
qualified to review,

Synthetic Philosophy, First Principles, Herbert Spencer, my edition from 
Appleton, 1892, although the work is decades earlier. Well, he is 
associated with social darwinism, 'survival of the fittest,' and so forth. 
This work, which is the first in the series of Synthetic Philosophy, has 
been a surprise, since it seems above all to predate chaos and nonequil- 
ibrium thermodynamics theories in a fascinating way which also reads like 
phenomenology. The titles of some of the chapters will give you the idea - 
'The Persistence of Relations Among Forces,' 'The Instability of the 
Homogeneous,' 'The Multiplication of Effects,' 'Segregation,' 
'Equilibration,' 'Dissolution' - you get the idea. I'm currently working 
my way through sections of this.

Steal This File Sharing Book, What They Won't Tell You About File Sharing, 
Wallace Wang, No Starch, 2004. I just received this review copy, and hope 
to give an analysis later, but just want to say that it is amazing; this 
is a subject I know something about from the old IRC days, but not much 
more. The book gives reviews of just about everything from cracking 
e-books to 'stealing' files, pornography, etc. I think works like this 
will become more and more necessary in this country - where I now use an 
'rmm' command to wipe my panix.com account clean of suspect files after 
the fact. Ah well..

The Daily Show is coming on with Jon Stewart. I will hear more about 
Fallujah, I'm sure, with humor. We've got to mute everything, serve it up 
clean, bury the rage. It's not NYC that's burning tonight. 

I'm reading Stoker's Dracula which is brilliant and an odd Kittler-like 
demo of technology inserted into neural discourse networks; at one point 
early on, someone snaps a Kodak of what will later be a house of horror. 
As with Frankenstein, the novel is far better than what's made out of it; 
it reads as texts within texts, ideologies within ideologies. I haven't 
got to the Christian part of it yet, which I gather is a disappointment.

Southern California, Moon Handbooks, this one by Kim Weir, 2001. I don't 
review travel-books in general, but we're going to Santa Ana - I have a 
residency this summer. Even though I've lived in L.A. and Irvine, this 
book is somewhat of a wonder. The author's an environmentalist, and it 
shows; I'm learning of needed resources.

Has anyone read Plenitude 2.0, Grant McCracken? Periph.: Fluide, 1998. 
I'd love to discuss it; it's obscure, odd, wonderful, maverick, reminds me 
of The Accursed Share, but far more fun, and please read it and write 
about it.

Then there's Brian Wilson's Smile which blew me away, and was nothing like 
the reviews or documentary described - if anything they all did a 
disservice. This is somewhere between Satie and post-industrial, indie and 
Webern but really makes a Gershwin case for an Amerikan music yet unheard 
but unlike Gershwin it's original as all getout and does stuff with time 
and expectation that turns it brilliant. The docu just got it into trouble 
as far as I'm concerned.

More Fallujah, bombings, fire, fury, on the tube.

To recommend: Anything by Gillian Welch, I'm obsessed, it speaks to me in 
these dark times. I came late to it, am riding out the wave. A Human Being 
Called David Daniels is a simply amazing cdrom, director of art Regina 
Celia Pinto, http://arteonline.arq.br, which I've been looking and 
re-looking at. Julian Samuel, whose work I value greatly, sent me a cdrom, 
Save and Burn, on libraries and politics and phenomenology and... I will 
review this as well. You might write him at jjsamuel@vif.com . 

'adopting very classic guerilla tactics' - 'you don't stand around and 
take it from them' - 'you live to fight another day' - 'not people who 
wear uniforms' - 'very very easy for them to go back to their homes, back 
to their tribal compounds' - the _phone voice_ speaks, out of nowhere, 
image-over, as if we're _there_ and _now_ and it's slaughter all over 
again - again? - it hasn't stopped, won't - U.S. dogs - bow-wow-wow

I mentioned ESP-Disk is back in business - go for the Ayler - it's all 
brilliant.

another video of a US bombing spree - as usual black-and-white, from a 
distance - little white square outline surrounding a 'target' - the other 
week saw a whole family in the center of one of these -

Sabotaging Files with Cuckoo Eggs - Killing a Computer - more from Steal 
This File Sharing Book -

Far too long, the war's on, trembling, all this discourse seems both 
central and out of place. New Directions in the Philosophy of Mathematics, 
Thomas Tymoczko, from 1986, Birkhauser, wonderful collection, articles on 
the ideal mathematician, time-dependence of mathematical truth, where's my
old Brillouin book -

Alan, hoping I haven't let you down. Too many people here talking suicide.


_
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->
http://www.asondheim.org/object1.png <-> 
http://www.asondheim.org/object2.png <->

_
once it happened it was everywhere
that we were unprepared, incontestable
flesh-pillar that transformed differently
from other transformations in the long sleep

we had been accustomed and customary
now mathematical tensor calculates describes
the torsion of indiscernibles
so that we might not speak or be spoken for
so that we might not be spoken of

or silenced in everybody's differend
the killing is over there on the other block
our destiny
there were descriptors within which bad memory

baits peaks just beneath the surface


difference between one sort of object and another

1	ftp asondheim.org
2	ls
3	strings object1.png > aa
4	strings object2.png > bb
5	diff aa bb > cc
6	wc cc
7	pico cc
8	h

3,32c3,16

< +F J < Py C < %gX& < .g2, < '2CR% < 0D`1i0T < 1",M: < i@$6 < hV[1 < 
QtcClC < CEk < y+UZe_ < P|ZtY < oJ^-9 < L.$&G < k?7z < i.Di < Yk)* < eHs; 
< <K"i < QZb0;S < rbt# < d`l{ < .sX0 < eN_W < ?pvG,=[ < ]\/Z < V2Iz < -)m 
< *MSh

---

> Ouuu > l(bfC > q"3$ > -4 bf > ^RFz > +$S* > C`&*?$ > KpWW9 > Yki* > 
%ffY@ > 0~&8 > 'Y-k > eM_W > -Gl@@jW'

34,46c18,27

< FE\; < MbA} < Ef,9? < DUc < ~-+V < ca(h < B@(| < wx3= < Tf`g < PRNL < 
)Y}^ < ~@~'@ < 3cY,

---

> 6&jc > 5:{/ > t=PYj > 7,z.x > Xr~& > },+V > )KJh! > h<rg > (B) > 5]}_

48,110c29,126

< VH~-T < Qj'J < .~$d < n9kY < Y~Z6 < J$gt6 < mdr9 < UP5x < ("\\ < ;5O& < 
EteQer < i5}? < q>KS < nc%: < YPM+ < O,h1 < (MIS5 < ZQ[A < Lj+h < xN$T < 
',hE < fogu_ < )r\7 < O5}$ < ~0n; < fA5}_NX < YP#}/N[ < aJU5 < unq\< < 
VA;6 < .SA+ < NhCG < n|zWn;3 < `#}5M5 < opB# < rT)4}< < CPAo < :[f < Xh[8 
< k6SnA < J8]1 < Kzuu < vRNP} < v0JA < |>_}I < X}IW_V < )5($ < iZ*8 < ]fus 
< %D5q < f7yr < IDATDQ < s,>r < 0\~^ < Hyg> < ,cf^3 < npyI < t{x,A5B < 
Vl9< < r;0_ < y[,W < {9n@ < Y~^,?

---

> (mte > Iv#h > sQ$R > GQ48 > wK;d > !W29 > 2jnkcs > 8WXD\c > VInP) > PA+A 
> _mOt > |e%7 > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A 
> 3(<@5 > Zh%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%( > `W?, > U5+% > PA+A > *h%(T 
> PA+A > PA+A > YP#} > PA+A > ,sPwr+ > 7ysa > z>?/X > PA+A > H?5*h%(T > 
_D#_ > ?St+/O > k9d5 > j7x^ > PA+A > kc%` > *h%(T > *h%(T > PA+A > B%(T > 
*h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > 
*h%(T > PA+A > *h%(T > PA+A > uAGq > RAT#" > </.r > <+V+> > pQ0' > Z|]D > 
qQlN > ?Vt: > +:jK= > jIt4*. > 8>== > V?V' > =3c< > obf^ > F#], > Y]\j > 
IDAT|urrB > ,[~_ > g)f- > '''dh > */uz > h"\# > kVw] > W&So > UMSR > xs@*u 
> dYFD > F#^s > [r/J > V4M5 > CRoRtt > c".@G > (=M[ > Av|u: > P#iH

14	diff object1.png object2.png > dd

Binary files object1.png and object2.png differ

_


If this were a suicide note, I would leave you my all. You would hear my 
voice in it, you would speak me as I have spoken to you, for the last 
time, and the words, the words would resonate in familiar tones uniquely 
my own. You would hear the silence after the speaking, and you would hear 
nothing else, nothing from me, but these words, over and over again. You 
might speak, but I would not hear. You might reach out to me, but I would 
not be there. I would not have known your new day, or the way you would 
read these lines, or even the smallest, simplest word, you might say, upon 
their completion. Such sadness, such anger, would not be mine, would not 
be of me, would not be anywhere. If this were a suicide note, you would 
read the lines and read between them, and even if I explained, you would 
look for a clue, for anything, that might give you guidance in these dark 
times. And I would not know what you have found, or the truth of it. I 
would not know your longing or your speech, or the day after the restless 
night, or the day after that. You would read these lines, perhaps, hearing 
me ever more distant, losing the accent, the intonation, the last 
intonation and the last accent, losing everything of me as time passed, as 
you passed as well. What of the next week, the next Thursday, the next 
Tuesday, the next 3 a.m. in the morning. What of the page and the paper, 
what of my tears perhaps, my despair perhaps, and my voice ever so longing 
as you would be longing, fading from the letters, peeled from them. You 
might speak, and I would not hear, and you might whisper to yourself, and 
I would not be beside you. You might call out my name, and I would be 
nowhere, and I would be nowhere and nowhere and nowhere. Perhaps you would 
want this note to never end, my voice to never end, but there is the 
passing, not of your choosing, but as if it were mine. And you would hear 
me, and you would not hear me. And longer, and you would not hear me. And 
longer, and there would be so much I would want to say, so that my voice 
would once again be lively and just so, just a speaking of something, 
perhaps, that we have seen or heard, something we have shared in common, 
or that our voices makes commons of us. Perhaps a sigh or even the uncanny 
silence of a smile, perhaps the silence still.


For Iris Chang


_


brokeboy
broketoy
brokejoy

http://www.asondheim.org/brokeboy1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/brokeboy2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/brokeboy3.jpg


_


Subject: rong

rong

_


General Principle of Narrative (Violence) Under Capital


1. The general principal of narrative under capital is _withholding._

2. In withholding, information, which would propel the narrative forward, 
is withheld in order to lengthen, not enrich, the diegetic flow.

3. Within capital, lengthening implies additional penny-dreadful or 
feuilleton segments.

4. This is accomplished by suspense, but beneath the 'sign of capital,' 
withholding is literally the order of the day.

5. Withholding is accompanied by local omniscience.

6. Example 0: In the book of Job, Yhwh waits until the three friends and 
Elihu have finishes their dialogs - at which point, the configuration of 
his power is enunciated. Note political economy, enumeration of children, 
servants, flocks, etc.

7. Example 1: In Dracula, Van Helsinger leads various people at various 
times to Lucy's crypt, demonstrating the corpse is or is not present, 
without explaining his belief in her vampirism, which is only revealed 
later.

8. Example 2: Almost any television/film: "What happened?" - "I don't have 
time to explain. Come with me." - or some such.

9. Example 3: Almost any US newscast? "Why did _x_? - We'll tell you after 
the break."

10. Example 4: The US military control of theoretically omniscient 
reportage or critique: the "embedded" journalist who becomes an 
advertisement for ideology and policy.

11. Example 5: Lyotard's differend returned with a vengeance: The 
withholding and withering of entire populations.

12. I don't have time to explain. Come with me. I can't tell you yet. We 
don't have any time to lose. You'll see in a while. We can't discuss this. 
We can't bring the cops in on this. The authorities would be all over us. 
We've got to go it alone. Believe in me. Trust me.

13. The Christology is apparent: Believe, not because it is absurd, but 
because of the fury of fast-forward time. Not a moment to lose: Kill the 
heathens. Fallujah? No time for the convoys. We've got to move on. We've 
got to move in.

14. The withholding promises a completion at _the end of time._ You'll see 
in a while. Hold your horses. Dramatic time is time deferred, pornographic 
time, differance-time.

15. The time of capital is continuous deferment. Iraq, Iran, Syria, USA, 
Belgium, Netherlands, France, Tiero del Fuego. The chain is random, 
arbitrary, except for the withholder. The withholder makes it up as it 
goes along. The withholder has a grand plan. The withholder is national. 
The withholder knows better. Re-elect Bush: We can't change horses in 
mid-stream. The driver knows. Withholding is always driven, always the 
sublimation and exfoliation, the production of capital.

16. What is withheld is almost always within the differend. What is 
withheld no longer speaks, not at all, or speaks only at the end of time.

17. The end of time when the differend speaks: defuge, useless, wastage. 
No one listens. The control of news is the control of the imminent, the 
explosion of the leading story. The rest is debris.

18. God sets the scene in Job. Gods speaks of the fecundity of the earth. 
God ensures his construct. Job is reduced either to silence or 
acquiescence. The dialog is over.

19. Withholding has moved from biblical narrative through popular 
narrative into the heart of news. It drives narrative forward. It has 
eliminated other forms of suspense; the "whodunit" has been replaced by 
the unfolding of Armageddon. Look at the Rapture, grown into an Amerikan 
industry; look at our Wars themselves. We know whodunit; we watch the 
pornography of unfolding, the _pli,_ the baroque which hides the raw 
vicissitudes of Power.

20. Omniscience is hidden, parcelling out effect and affect. Omniscience 
is the Amerikan lie come true, the lie of capital, planetary corrosion. 
The largest life-forms are fungal nets beneath the soil in the upper 
Mid-West. The largest life-masses are the single-celled organisms 
occupying rock strata beneath the surface of the earth. God waited while 
everyone talked. The news promises the answer to the question after the 
commercial.

21. The commercial is delivered; the news is the hiatus, the gap. At times 
(CNN Headline News for example), the question is not even answered; it is 
forgotten in the rush of passing content. "Whatever happened to Baby Jane? 
- News at 10." At 10, the news is silent, but the audience is present, 
continuing the violating narrative of the planet, what capital allows to 
pass for news.

22. "To be distracted by questions of administrative forms, race hatreds, 
man hunts, or socialisation of everything but the national debt, is merely 
swallowing the sucker-bait." (Ezra Pound, 1953.)

23. The ultimate withholding occurs with the _manhunt_ which is already 
foreclosed. The manhunt distracts from the world. The double-withholding: 
capital offers the scapegoat; the dead and wounded in Fallujah are 
withheld. Withholding occurs in the midst of battle which is never 
announced, never enunciated. Withholding creates a _story._ A _story_ 
promises an _ending._ An _ending_ promises a _suture._ Everything is 
returned to normalcy; everything recovers.

24. A _suture_ promises an _ego._ A _suture_ promises a nuclear family. A 
_suture_ promises infinity of Power which structures the suture itself. 
Such an infinity is Deity. Dissect withholding and Deity always appears. 
Withholding is at the beck and call of Fundamentalism, a tool of 
Fundamentalism. Withholding promises absolute information, the power of 
the Absolute.

25. One withholds because one _knows._ One knows absolutely. The world 
divides into the known and unknown. The known is privileged, class. 
Withholding is power masquerading as the simulacrum of power.

26. "Trust me. We'll get out of here alive."


+++


shtut

I am away, speaking
(as if the speech were distant from me
(as if it had nothing to do with me
and therefore 
(as if there were a logic to it
(as if it were always already completed
I can't reply
(as if I'm not speaking
(as if I'm not speaking anyway
as if I were not away
(as if I were somewhere else
(a recognition on your part that I'm away, not simply away from you, but 
away from sense, reason, the organs of speech, the organs of sense, the 
organs of reason

logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic to to to to it it it (as 
(as (as if if it it were were always already already completed I I can't 
reply reply (as if I'm I'm not speaking (as if I'm I'm not speaking anyway 
as if I were not away (as if I were somewhere else (a recognition on your 
part that I'm away, not simply away from you, but away from from sense, 
reason, the organs of speech, the organs of sense, sense, the organs of 
reason reason reason of organs the the sense, of organs the speech, of of 
organs the reason, sense, from away but you, from away simply not away, 
I'm that part your on recognition (a else somewhere were I if (as away not 
were I if as anyway anyway speaking not I'm if (as speaking not not I'm if 
(as (as reply can't I I completed already already always always were were 
it it if if (as (as it it it to to to to logic logic logic logic logic 
logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic 
logic to to to to it it (as (as (as if if it it were were always always 
already completed completed I can't can't reply (as if if I'm not speaking 
(as (as if I'm not speaking anyway as if I were not not away (as if I were 
somewhere else (a recognition on your part that I'm away, not simply away 
from you, but away from sense, reason, the organs of speech, the organs 
organs of sense, the organs of of reason (((((((((((((


_


Contagion


Contents of Microscope Slides from 1939-1944, recently acquired:

First and last with cover-glass only

Parasite from Mouse 9/10/44
Pus Simple
Pus Acid
Pus Slide
Pus Gram
Stages in Cough Subtillus
Pneumo darker red bunch MicrococeUS entorrhalis
Influence Gram
Contaminated Water
B Subtillus Gram
Pneumococcus
B Pyocyaneous
Sarcion(?)e luf(r?)ea
Diptheria Bacillus
B Proteus Vulgaris Simple
B Cough subspores
B Prodigiosis
Typhosis
Garnett's B
B Garnett
Shiga
Flexner
B Coli
Staphyalococcus gram
Tapeworm section 11-25-39


_

RELIGIE NEMBUTSULA!

oun esta raioun bibliolibrarire cartele? ou existe wo in agenda de 
adresela la? warum llaama de ce catavo? de la catavalo? werst du 
plimbammale de la macina? nervgit atzbanoot? o bersheecer cwaster von 
adama. de la sinle sinlaseins brustwurst ou besser? cabriolala? un fond de 
ten von demle grudfragen. zwei existenzale ni-se to von chigirishi shashin 
photographole? kono yo welt-de-terra? hai we, nu? este infectat byoin 
krankenheithus von charnal? existe plasterla? von de fotografi? 
erinnerinle diapositifla? respirati adinc lmata? nu? nu? kawaii non? Trey 
kawaii? trei si trie linasaila achshawv ishimanla homola om omul acela 
o-sanzen sekei kawaii? herr ichiman nonole, frau sanman nola lolita sampo?
gri eu verdi warten et astepta nunc v-hic? tri-fecta uma to ume pola? 
vrai-true nachonla, da? moshi moshila chotto telex denwa genki matte no 
a telefona? hayom chole avec chaud-kulturle m'oad cu antitetanos febra? 
hilfst du moi caanla? oaf biblica echolla hola? tsukila yo yoshile 
enteinte chomage ensemblela? nembutsula! nembutsula! NEMBUTSULA!


+++


SWEEPS MONTH


e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } /^$/ { /^$/ { /^$/ 
{ /^$/ { i i i "  " ey ey ey a a o o o e" } /[a]+/ { e" } /[a]+/ { i "  a 
e e a e e i i o " } /[ ]+/ { i "  e oo i i u u o e i " } /[ ]+/ { i i " o 
e e ou e a e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e a e a ou ou e o "  i ]+/ { " 
} /[ i i e o u i i oo e "  i ]+/ { " } /[ o i i e e a e e a "  "  i e" } 
/[a]+/ { o o o a a ey ey ey ey "  "  i i /^$/ { /^$/ { /^$/ { /^$/ { e\!" 
} e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } 
e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } e\!" } /^$/ { /^$/ { /^$/ { /^$/ 
{ i i i "  " ey ey ey ey a o o o e" } /[a]+/ { i i "  a a e e a e e i i o 
" } /[ ]+/ { i "  e oo i i u o e i " } /[ ]+/ { ]+/ { i " o o e ou ou e a 
e a e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e

a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  
+++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! 
NEMBUTSULA!  +++ ea ea ea Foo Foo a a 'I o o i i i e e a e :// .a o ei .o 
/ u .  4 i i a ou i e o e o a a o e o e e y a o e o o o e e e u u i i :  
:  :  a a a a a a a a :  :  i i u e e e o o e o o y a e e o e o a e o o e 
i ou a i i 4 . u / .o ei o .a :// e e a e e e i i i o o 'I 'I a a Foo Foo 
ea ea a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! 
NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  
+++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! 
NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  
+++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! NEMBUTSULA!  +++ a! 
NEMBUTSULA!  +++ ea ea ea Foo Foo a a 'I 'I o i i i e e e a a e :// .a o 
ei ei .o / u .  4 i i a ou i e o e o a o e o e e e y a o e e o o o e e e u 
i i :  :  :  a a a a a a a a :  :  :  i i

.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  ### PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP 
### PHOENIX.HLP y Va y Va y Va a a o o o o u e e i P oE oE iX Ve io io 
2.25. ### Va a o (Rya A A a ) e ai :  o a @u i .  . e EVAL i ([$e ] == []) 
{^a i e [E/X]} a ia e o {^ e o - e e a $e $0-} e o Loa i PHOENIX.HLP 
PHOENIX.HLP i e Ve io 2.25...  a 2.25...  a ia 2 { ^a 2 { ^a i i i PTMP 
$"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP 
$"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E i i 2 { ^a 2 { ^a ia ia 2.25...  a io io e Ve i i 
PHOENIX.HLP i o Loa o Loa e $0-} $e a e e o - e o {^ e ia [E/X]} a e i ] 
== []) {^a ([$e EVAL i e .  . i @u a o :  ai ) e a A o (Rya a 2.25. ### Va 
2.25. ### Va io iX Ve iX Ve oE P i e e u u o o o o a a y Va y Va y Va ### 
PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP .  .  .  .  .  
.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  ### PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP ### 
PHOENIX.HLP ### PHOENIX.HLP y Va y Va a a o o o o u u e i i P P oE iX Ve 
io 2.25. ### Va a a o (Rya A a ) e ai :  o a a @u i .  . e EVAL i ([$e ] 
== []) {^a i e [E/X]} a ia e o {^ e o - e e a $e $0-} $0-} e o Loa i 
PHOENIX.HLP i e Ve e Ve io io 2.25...  a ia ia 2 { ^a 2 { ^a i i i PTMP 
$"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E PTMP 
$"-+ E PTMP $"-+ E i i i 2 { ^a 2 { ^a

 -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX 
-LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX # # \|/ We # # \|/ We # # \|/ We # 
# \|/ We o o o e e o P o P oE oE iX Ve io 2.25 2.25 o o Va a a o \|/ # \|/ 
T e ORIGINAL PHOENIX/GARGOYLE -*- A e o Ha o Su i u e \|/ # \|/ Re ea e Da 
e: 08/16/95 \|/ # # T i i o i a 2.2.9 a 2.2.9 a ea e ie (a i i oi i # # i 
e). I e). I i i o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o i i e). I 
e). I i i # i i oi i (a (a ie e e ea 2.2.9 a a i o i i e: 08/16/95 \|/ # # 
T e Da ea \|/ # \|/ Re e u i Su o o Ha e e ORIGINAL PHOENIX/GARGOYLE -*- A 
o \|/ # \|/ T o \|/ # \|/ T a Va Va o 2.25 2.25 io iX Ve iX Ve oE oE o P o 
P e e o o # # \|/ We # # \|/ We # # \|/ We # # \|/ We -LOADPHOENIX 
-LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX 
-LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX 
-LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX 
-LOADPHOENIX -LOADPHOENIX # # \|/ We # # \|/ We # # \|/ We # # \|/ We o o 
o e e o P o P oE oE iX Ve iX Ve io io 2.25 o Va a o \|/ # \|/ T e ORIGINAL 
PHOENIX/GARGOYLE -*- A e o Ha o Su i u e \|/ # \|/ Re ea e Da e: 08/16/95 
\|/ # # T i i o i a 2.2.9 a ea e ie ie (a i oi oi i i # i i e). I i i o o 
o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o i i

 VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED 
VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED # 
--VeNoM # --VeNoM # --VeNoM # --VeNoM 2.01 2.01 2.01 y De y De y De i i 
e-- # # O , , i e ea ea e.  T e XDCC Co a a a e ee e o e, a o i u e a # ie 
e o e Queue, a Queue i i , I i i ua Pa Mi Mi i u -S ee , # a a e a e oo .  
T e e e i a a o a /RV o a /RV o o a a , , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i 
i i , , , a a o o o a /RV o a /RV a e i e i e .  T oo oo e a a e a , # a 
ee -S u i Mi Pa ua i i , I i i e Queue, a Queue o e ie e a # u i o e, a o 
e ee e a a a e XDCC Co e.  T e.  T ea e i , , e-- # # O e-- # # O i i y De 
y De 2.01 2.01 2.01 # --VeNoM # --VeNoM # --VeNoM # --VeNoM VQACTIVE 
ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE 
ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE 
ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE 
ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED VQACTIVE 
ENGAGED VQACTIVE ENGAGED # --VeNoM # --VeNoM # --VeNoM # --VeNoM 2.01 2.01 
y De y De y De i i e-- # # O e-- # # O , i i e e ea e.  T e XDCC Co e XDCC 
Co a a e ee e o e, a o i u e a # ie e o e Queue, a Queue i i , I i i ua Pa 
Mi i u -S ee , # a a a e a e e oo .  T .  T e e i e i a o a /RV o o a a , 
, , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , , , a a o


_

SWEEPS WEEK

 * *haha* *fake* *split* *ass* *hehe* tHAsHiT! v2.01 - Cause its There is 
No The OTHER white meat quoat4 <JakeStone> <JianWa> <[Messiah]> <MrClean> 
<conio> <DeadL> quoat16 <stdio> Family Fun It's What I A new fragrance 
from "My, Big Fangs Silent Killer -- Don't Best 'Cuz Sliced Yeeeow! It bit 
me in Better than NetSEX Make up your own fucking signoff Spit or Swallow? 
Not Your Ordinary Snake In darkness gathers me. One True Script You Bugs 
chanpass cuntif ((match($strip(# $0)$2-}{/echo < 
$strip(\;\(\)*/\\\{\}$$~`|'\" Requesting $begcmd\ $BOMBCHAN vecho 
AUTO-JOIN BOMB'ed $0 DCC SEND doom3-1.zip +STRIKE+ on > They may as well 
kiss their ass cuntvecho goodbye. This Now cuntgoodbye, motherfucker... 
flash if ([$0]!=[$S]) { <MEGA-DEOP DETECTED> @ TMPWRD = [] Word 
Notification currently $HLINGS\ <BAN ON YOU . }} alias showml have 
detected $num.mlist\ Mass cuntXDCC LIST's this IRC Session. } pubml //say 
[ <-V-> ] 
(([$autoop]==[ON])&&([$chanpass($0)]==[YES])&&(rmatch($1$OPLIST))) $3 
don't think so, asshole. }{ <$1 FLOOD From: $$2-\)\) echo !>-" VERSION 
$venom.ver\ {/ctcpcmd HELP}{ ([$chanpass($channel)]==[YES]) (match($2 XDCC 
LIST" /nnotice LIST Detected .... Lamah.  {/echo Autoconnecting to 
$_server\ Message Beeping $mesbeep\ Beep upon message now $encode( 
[$0:\($Userdomain($msghost)\)] *WallOp*)) [-$0\-] $1-} $encode(- [Flood 
Detected]Kick/MassDeop Protection : $protPersonal Flood $ctcpauto\. 
logging $logirc\. and MK masscunt{ ([$0]) (([$0]!=[lk])&&([$0]!=[k])) 
([$0]==[d]) {@ mass_mode [-ooo];^on ^names "*" /findops $$1-\;^on "*"} 
([$0]==[o]) [+ooo]} ([$0]==[v]) [+vvv]} ([$0]==[s]) [-vvv]} 
([$mass_mode]!=[]) {^on ([$0]==[k]) Engaging Mass-Kick of everyone $C\. 
^on ^441 \(Silences Them\), LK cuntkicks all non- ops the channel, K 
EVERYONE current channel. _kickcont domassmode mdchangecnt 1 while 
([$(#mdchange)]>=mdchangecnt) mmode $C $mass_mode -mass_mode findops 
(([$[1]0] == [@]) && (match($0 @${N} [$left(10 $stime($time())) $ftm($Z)] 
at $ftm($Z) Saving assorted script settings... cuntProtection Settings 
^writest igtypes $igtypes prot $1- [Away] pours a cup Op Juicefor $0. /me 
passes it watches him ([$3]!=[<UNKNOWN>]) cold can dietop userhost -cmd 
out pipe packs full some funky ass.  [$tsp] /mode -o (![$0]) [$ts] Error: 
must Signoff: $N {//^ignore $to_ignore $igtypes} ignoring $_types}limit 
Queue'd Files $QSLOTS\ $dcclimit\ $dccminspeed\kbps Default time between 
PLIST's Slots Open: $_dcctemp\ ([$SPECRATE]==[ON]) Ratings are $CHGETS\ 
=$TOTPACK= Vassago. Others |CaRnAgE| <aka AcidReign>, |FiLTeR|, anyone 
EVAL Dethnite's cuntDeop/Kick G AutoGet | F N /POUROP Pours glass cuntof 
"Op Juice."  /CANOP Gives Massops channel w/ keg "Op."  /POTOP Packs bowl 
/MASS <o,d,v,s,k,lk> cuntmode/kicks. Type extended WORDKiCK list.  
/MLKICK Kicks who cuntXDCC-LIST's amount session.| /PUBML To use any 
commands associated with `flash' you flash.c change (<V>) FINGER 
[bounce.bounce] bounce.port [31337] bounce.pass cunt= [volt] Address 
Server IRCop ! sleep tel.do $bot.num $bounce.pass cunt}} ^exec $0)`-[ 
$decode($(ii$0)) <$$0> $$2- watch Password [$bounce.pass] " [$0]}} input 
vosave telbot.serv [$telbot.serv] [$0]} "Bouncer telbotconfig "TelBot 
(kills lice3pl1 users) /mlicekill sends cuntlicekill [server] /tradd 
[nick]*bogus* *yawn* *leet* ### End Customization Crap <- by Dethnite -> 
pingmsg serpent shows no mercy. you've decided flood Heh.  Fuck you. Auto 
BKick That was cute... GiT! Niq uban.kickmsg User Ban Wrong Key v2.01> end 
world draws false_chars *;* *$$* _

(This was expanded from the original version, for possible inclusion in a 
book. As I expanded, it made less and less sense to me, precisely as the 
tools of analysis made less and less sense. One cannot argue with a 
hammer. 

The hammer is myself, the left, the right, all those divisions and 
monologies which are increasingly senseless as the world goes on its 
destructive path. As with many of us, I write to keep myself sane. As with 
many of us, inscription, with all the phenomenology it implies, is close 
to failure. - Alan)



THE HAMMER


Notes on the election in outline form, filled in, filled out, as if there 
were an essay / a conclusion. (Since the early 70s, when I taught a course 
called "The Year 3000," I always knew Kerry would lose. This is why.)

0. The Republican win was predicted and predictable. Now the infinity of 
analysis begins, an infinity that has already missed the point. The point 
is/was that demographics are all that are necessary - not tricks, 
conundrums. The election was clear from the geography.

1. There is nothing the Democrats might have done 'better.' The country 
voted its conscience. The country has a conscience, the conscience of the 
Fatherland, Motherland. The conscience of a country is determined by its 
constituents and their internal dynamics. This was not an election of 
issues, but psychoanalytics.

2. Its conscience is founded on a morality-based worldview, which is rural 
in origin, and relatively rigid. Worldviews are operational; with 
widespread unemployment, relatively liberal media, Net information 
explosion, increasing technological generation gaps, a rigid 'hedge around 
the Torah' keeps good from evil, and separates genders, races, sexual 
preferences, and others from selves. One keeps to the 'clean and proper 
body' free of contagion, corrosion, decay from within. The rural landscape 
is characterized by vast space and intensive information economies 
(newspapers, radio, etc.) - in relation to church, grange, 4-h, other 
communalities. The other is present by its absence.

3. 9/ll played a critical role, not only in revealing the extreme 
vulnerability of the country, but also in the production of an Islamic- 
fundamentalist alterity that could not be dismissed. Even in the 
heartland, Islam is visible. New York City, the target, developed a 
complex response within a mixed demographics; the heartland reaffirmed the 
violence and contagion of the other.

4. With the religious right, fundamental ontology replaces the episteme. 
What is contested is _not_ knowledge, its site/citation - but ontology 
(not ontological issues) based on the fundamentalist belief in deity. 
There is only one Book, Foucault's divine nature (divinatio) writ large in 
its pages.

5. Bush appeared, alive and life-like at the World Trade Center ruins 
almost immediately after, conjoining his image with the intensity of 
destruction. One can relate this to the dynamics of post-traumatic-stress 
syndrome; the two images are indissolubly linked.

6. The left continuously focused on the negative aspects of the Republican 
party, over-determining, at least in print, the violence of a world-view 
at odds with the rest of the planet. The left - by which I mean liberals 
and anyone in an oppositional relationship to the Republican party - 
remained unable to disseminate anything that would register in relation to 
basic moral issues; instead it reacted to the implicit violence of the 
right which insists on transcendent legislation within monotheistic 
demands.

7. Absolute morality is not concerned whatsoever with opinion. It is a 
fundamental structuring.

8. The right has been organizing, in the US, for at least a century and a 
half; this election and the last have been in preparation for decades. 
With the elimination of the 'fairness doctrine' under Reagan, and with 
monopoly ownership of local broadcasting, the right has been able to 
dominate the heartland without opposition. The corporate and Christian 
merge, to the benefit of both. Think of it as a form of salesmanship: God 
withholds and deploys.

9. In the 60s, which for many of us appears to be a history of the left, 
the right quietly embraced both technology and structural compromises that 
increased and solidified its power base, in rural and impoverished areas 
of the country. Televangelism was one of the first institutionalized 
ideological distribution systems. It remains coherent, organized, and 
funded. Its base criss-crosses the United States, from rural to urban; it 
plays in the disenfranchised.

10. A fundamental flaw is the assumption that so-called minority votes are 
liberal and leftist; in fact, the opposite is increasingly the case. The 
left operates, by and large, within a traditional view of labor and social 
services; ideology, sexuality, and religion are kept out of the equation.

11. The 'American dream' is both part of class distinctions, and a force 
in their elimination. Don't underrate its influence; no matter how hard we 
try, there is no revolutionary class, but only power, desire, economic 
status, and diffused and focused oppression. There is no class to the 
extent that there are few class cultures; regional cultures cut across all 
sorts of boundaries. Class identity is extremely fluid; it is no longer 
(if it ever was) a lever for revolutionary action.

12. Corporate America is far more diverse and problematic than the left 
assumes; it also presents a very real world of almost infinite choice and 
identifications. Its collusions and corruptions are our collusions and 
corruptions, and have absolutely nothing to do with God and God's State. 
But in its withholding, its presentation of infinite longing, it allies 
itself with religious fundamentalism.

13. Cultural capital in the US is far more important than economic 
capital, and its boundaries cut across the latter in terms of class. We 
are all white trash and we are all intellectuals and theorists. We are all 
soccer moms, NASCAR dads, South Park Republicans, gold-standard hoarders, 
participants in Amerikan cultural implosion. But this capital can be 
rigidified, ordered, regulated; it is in collusion with the regulation of 
the state and the regulation of the body. Hackers are not necessarily 
harbingers of choice; it is too often their choice against others. The 
country tends towards closure.

14. Far too many judgments are made 'for' rural and so-called back- water 
areas, which are almost never heard themselves. The information discourse 
networks and religious institutions of the majority of American voters are 
concretely effaced by abstraction. The water of baptism is not H2O. The 
left tends to ignore the internal coherency, cohesion, of the right - 
which is heard only in mockery, satire, stereotype. There is no dialectic 
at work in Amerika, and no indication that dialog would produce anything 
but knee-jerk sloganeering.

15. Morality and fear are interwoven; it is the abject stereotyped image 
of gays fucking that appears to corrode the 'clean and pure' body politic. 
Your marriage wrecks my marriage. It is a failure of the left not to deal 
with this; dismissing the violent imaginary out of hand ensures its force 
within the political arena. In other words, what _you_ do hurts me; we are 
all Christian, all one nation under God. _under_ God: literally in the 
missionary position, fucked by God. God is the only legal, pure, fuck; it 
makes all other fucks dangerous, perverse, intense and incandescent.

16. In conservative America, the negation of negation is not dialectical, 
but also a return to a rapturous positivity. The elimination of the Other 
is at the core of the Rapture. The Rapture does not disseminate; it 
filters. The negation of negation _thuds._

17. If one's religion insists that abortion, for example, is murder, then 
any means, including murder as literal self-preservation, may be used in 
return as a defensive and pre-emptive action. It is not ever a question of 
one side listening to another; it is a question of war to an infinite 
degree. This waged by Good against Evil; it is the war pre-ordained in the 
Book of Books, the testaments, sutras, Koran, classics. It is the war 
which founds the configured and classical horizon of Aristotelian logic: 
negation is not fuzzy, and the boundaries are drawn. Once drawn, anything, 
any means of victory, is not only possible, but honorable, righteous.

18. The church in rural and disenfranchised America is a communal and 
cohesive force, one of the few institutions capable of lived-community and 
defense against the rest of the world. But more than this, the church is 
also the locus for community activity and identity. To dismiss it, even in 
its intolerant and sometimes evangelical varieties, is to miss the point 
of its existence. For the individual, the church is salvation, explaining 
and preserving morality, even forgiving and abetting the temptations of 
sin.

19. The church overdetermines the rest of the world; rural and other- wise 
isolated communities have a surprisingly low degree of information flux. 
The church provides stability in a late-late-capitalist world of 
postmodernity, where selves, ideologies, and languages are contested. 
Within testament and testimony, there is no contestation; the church, in 
other words, 'puts a hedge around the Torah' (Pirke Avot).

20. In my opinion, the image of Kerry hunting (and killing) was not only 
hypocritical and distasteful, but also a premature sign of defeat. 
However, this had no affect on the election per se, which was already 
determined, way back in the late 60s and early 70s, when Billy Graham 
created the first automated post-office in the US - a religious embrace of 
technology that forecast the future of the country. Perhaps the left 
'created' - i.e. the hacking manifesto - but the religious right utilized, 
entrenched, constructed a primary embrace of individual and instrumental 
reason that guaranteed the supple application of power when and where 
needed. The only real question here is why it took so long.

21. The left has been hampered by split ideologies and critique; the 
right, which permits no critique, has worked constantly with umbrella 
ideologies. On the right: division beneath the sign of the absolute. On 
the left: absolute division.

22. What has been exposed and contested in the US is often business as 
usual in the rest of the world. We are witnessing a movement from republic 
to empire, from the primacy of voting, to the primacy of dominant 
interests. Lewinsky's stained dress? Entertainment serving political 
impotency. O. J.? Politics as usual. Every case is the case of the 
century. Empire and circuses. Dominant interests? Absolute ceiling of 
transcendent God and capital, Capital.

23. On a personal level - I have lived in West Virginia, Pennsylvania, and 
the Bushlands of Texas and Florida. What happened was no surprise. I voted 
early yesterday, and felt a sense of relief at the minor _punctum_ I 
experienced. But I had no doubt that Bush would win, that my voice was 
primarily personal therapeutic. Instead of despair late last night/this 
morning, I've felt that our work, that of an opposition, has only just 
begun - that it could only just begin. We have to recognize, above all, 
that the US has done the will of the majority; the more we overlook this, 
excuse this, theorize this, wonder 'what went wrong,' the more we are 
weakened. Perhaps this is a positive sign - in the sense that the enemy, 
if it is an enemy, is clear, and no longer can be dismissed as an 
aberration.

24. The 'cultural war' is war. On our side: liberation, choice. On their 
side: lack of choice, governance. On our side: Infinite taxation and 
redistribution. On heir side: Zero taxation and centralization. On our 
side? The devils that plague. On their side: service to God.

25. Terror is an instrument of war. Terror is an instrument of piece. 
Terror is equivalent to sublimation. Terror is the wound that never heals. 
Terror is Mini's scar in Dracula. Terror throws the abject up in our 
faces. Terror constitutes closure against terror, against the abject. 
Terror is the speech of God.

26. Religion sublimates terror. To believe in God is to believe in terror. 
All difference becomes detour. Culture is detour, returning to the same 
place. The place is the place of God. Culture is the hedge of God.

27. I live, you die. Vote or die holds no truck with the faithful. The 
faithful live, do not die, die in order to live. Don't be deceived: The 
faithful fuck each other, divorce at a furious rate, commit crimes of the 
body, acts against and through the body, drugs and drinks coursing the 
body, the course of the body. The overcoming of the curse and course of 
the body is transcendence, the ultimate purity. I'm sorry, one good fuck 
and we go to Heaven.

28. Language is not action. Belief is action. Belief is not language. 
Theory talks itself to death. Academic theory rarely _acts_ from the 
classroom - always safe PC stuff, even now. _To believe is to act. To 
believe is not to speak, not to declare, attest, glossolalia._ Or these 
are _acts of belief,_ not necessarily _speech acts._ Believe, _just 
believe._

29. The explication of fact in Michael Moore is replaced by the 
internalization of sin and the body in Mel Gibson. Old Testament, New 
Testament. _One cannot argue with the wound._ It's like watching a drama, 
someone getting kicked in the balls. As a viewer: _You feel it. They're 
your balls._ Try and talk now!

30. What the right knows: There is always already closure. Try and talk 
now!

