



normal examples

probably my tiny budding breasts, how am i to know, what are you talking 
about:my sailor boy is wearing my skin and there's nothing left and i 
can't get in:they call me a furious thirteen yearold girl on the verge of 
puberty who has run away with a sailor to japan:purse:
Your depressed arm  is in my poor my first lipstick
Devour depressed arm julu-of-the partying probably my tiny budding 
breasts, how am i to know, what are you talking about!

http://www.asondheim.org/brood.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/brood2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/antenna2.jpg

n b l my b ntr ding the pace everywhere, even in the c unami n b dy b ding 
the fl ding the l wer acce tant wavelet fl unami f b nfine till, y r in 
full, tum wn teady- wer acce tant wavelet fl dy and it' fl l my b wn 
teady- f the Net. Thinking i aid " _fl ating/dr u c wning_ Jennifer, luti 
luti f participant aid " _fl wer acce tant wavelet fl f the Net. Thinking 
i aid " _fl ding luti wn teady- f number,_ wning_ Jennifer, rie - c ur w r 
a _ f the Net. Thinking i turned the matrix n , mi ive dy mem rld, le fl 
ding n , mi ive ding, di ence nnecti d-fl n i fair w ding ur w ugh the 
river m mmunalitie kin. Fir ..."  Liquid air, radi nnecti dy mem ding, my 
h mmunalitie kin. Fir ..."  Liquid air, radi m light, e very w ice fl 
ding, that inert event, that . In thi alan- t fl n, a i mmunalitie kin. 
Fir ..."  Liquid air, radi d-fl m light, e very w ver y ur century. A w n, 
a i mmunalitie kin. Fir ..."  Liquid air, radi re and c aking, t "in ca 
might make it. Seagull i ding river tream fl f fl rld' fl aking, t "in ca 
might make it. Seagull i n, a , fl n thing red really b killed.  MUD. a fl 
ur century. A w n, a , fl f breeding falc ding. If fla d, meared with it i 
ding. If fla ur century. A w rld' fl ur binding, my plit d d-fl n n d-fl u 
mean t ding. Wiped, fl ding and bl d n ding and bl ating, fl re and the 
matrix d-fl n - emi ;  plit d u mean t l my b dy and it' , t re and the 
matrix d-fl re and m u ible cata ide. Y f the _ tran urvive any cata tr f 
h ugh the river m y ating, fl pe ter phe, wn thr l my b f the net. 
Thinking i fluid, c u c p d phe) depend tage. The train in n capture 
catching the cata hall prevent cata tr p d dy and it' , t f h ugh radiati 
u tr f cata e wh n capture catching the cata hall prevent cata tr phe at 
the t pe ter ut hall prevent cata cata cata hall prevent cata [ when n m m 
ti n ; chemical cata tr ti n fabric, m ut n fabric, m f cata e wh n 
capture catching the cata hall prevent cata tr m uldn't tran a a hcard 
went dead.  'Natural di m aning a a lati f cata e wh pe , the face lati f) 
fam llap ) carefully di ter after di a ite di ter f di ed by) the 
accumulati adca ure,_ vi re murder t Me l ut a await the c f writing, the 
lure the y f writing, the a pent fuel pending ter uldn't tran a a hcard 
went dead.  'Natural di m re murder ary.  The mi a .vehicle a ter 
.finger.vehicle alt.di lu a in t flunked f encr dy and ung war di me|| it 
a ter ter, that there i me|| it n . The elder a lure y dy and aning a a f 
di ed by) the accumulati dy and blivi t in wa . The elder a lure y f the b 
a await the c ung int f mind, writing epitaphic writing between and 
writing t f mind, writing epitaphic writing between and writing ng ag dy 
and ng ag f writing The i becau in "the between writing a b t epitaph ay 
are b n b t in wa . The elder a lure y teric, deliri f c cati t in wa u I 
cann cati ll dy, the "the cann t epitaph ay are b dy cann nd treat


