
Heidegger Takes His Time


"But prior to all calculation of time and independent of such calculation,
what is germane to the time-space of true time consists in the mutual
reaching out and opening up of future, past, and present.  Accordingly,
what we call dimension and dimensionality in a way easily misconstrued,
belongs to true time and to it alone. Dimensionality consists in a reach-
ing out that opens up, in which futural approaching brings about what has
been, what has been brings about futural approaching, and the reciprocal
relation of both brings about the opening up of openness. Thought in terms
of this threefold giving, true time proves to be three-dimensional. Dimen-
sion, we repeat, is there thought not only as the area of possible measu-
rement, but rather as reaching throughout, as giving and opening up. Only
the latter enables us to represent and delimit an area of measurement." 

The threefold, beginning, middle, and end, is built in to the Euclidean
measure polytope, the line/square/cube/hypercube/ etc., so that for any
dimension N, the polytope has 3^N elements, not unreasonably the binomial
coefficients as well. If dimension is potential through reaching, giving,
and opening (not unlike the reciprocity of the gift), then is it nonethe-
less the harboring of time? What seems a misrecognition on Heidegger's
part in the every day, seems true, however, in cyberspace, where spatia-
lity is defined _precisely_ by reach, by wryting, by an opening that is 
equivalent with transmission. Transmission = epistemology oddly associates 
cyberspace with plasma, the normative state of matter in the universe. 
What separates the two are data-bases, temporary repositories of informa- 
tion, and well-defined binary modes of communication.

