



Simplicity of Wood and Silk


Recently I was mini-flamed on PMC2 for saying that I actually programmed
in Pascal or Qbasic. As some of you may know, I have been working on and
off with what I call generalized measure geometries, which produce semi-
fractal, semi-chaotic patterns that suddenly shudder into symmetrical
forms - something like cellular automata, but not quite. Well, Qbasic and
Pascal are excellent for the task, as are any formats that can handle
things like primitive recursive functions - they all map the same classes,
whether or not the languages are elegant. So this sent me back to the aba-
cus again (approaching the void, simplicity, bamboo), which, as I pointed
out here, can be programmed as well to work with any number base less than
or equal to the numbers in any column plus one - the Japanese abacus then
can handle up to base 10, and the Chinese, all the way to base 16. Well,
it also seems that one-dimensional cellular automata of sorts can be prog-
rammed on the abacus, although not in a particularly elegant fashion. So
now I'm sitting working beads, Netscape for some reason inoperable this
evening, listening to the clicking as columns are added and subtracted, a
tiny music not unlike that I sometimes play on the ch'in, a Chinese medi-
tative instrument I have owned for years. (Like the abacus, it is divided
into heaven and earth, unlike the abacus, it is of the class of silk.) And
I think to myself, forget Netscape, Qbasic, C: We are always, always, al-
ways, moving towards the void (the ch'in is often played silently, some-
times untouched...) - we are always moving towards the void, unmoved, and
soon we will be ceaseless as well. 


