




Peering


Minor technical considerations contribute to the sensation of spatiality
in user interfaces. I want to point out first of all the apparent flat-
ness of almost all Web pages, in lieu of the fact that they are written
against white, grey, cream, etc. backgrounds, or wallpaper - the sensa-
tion is almost overwhelming. In relation to them, those pages that use
black backgrounds seem only, by virtue of default, to have change the
color of the paper itself. On the other hand, telnet helper applications
often use dark blue backgrounds, white lettering - or even more common,
black backgrounds, white letter; these backgrounds appear to come from
the depths of cyberspace, to be part and parcel of the mirror stage,
exuding text; at the same time, they participate in the chora, the text
alone, illuminated letters, riding the surface. _This_ is the sensation
that has led to the notion of lurking or peering, something emerging 
from the darkness, chiaroscuro outlines of your body, the presence of
seduction, the maternal beginning of the things of the world in relation
to the humans who envelop them. 

In the Unix shell, and whenever possible elsewhere, I work with dark
backgrounds; anger and sexuality, however, lend themselves towards black
upon red, both swollen with the presence of skin and membrane, membrane
stretched across the forgiving screen. Never, however, the queasy black
against white of traditional texts: what would be the point of such arti-
ficiality tending towards death and your absence?

An opening: What configuration do you read this in; what are the effects?

Alan

