


EDA 


   *** N MANNER;  AIR;  EXPRESSION;  FACE;  MIEN;  AFFECTATION ***

1. jaajmz. aez. medamzrkaj. nakm. jemz. annmkzarkaj. 2. medamzrkaj. jemz. 
jaajmz. aez. edam. 3. zarkzd a lmjz. zarkzd (a jajak zjkedarkaj. 
medamzrkaj. jemz. edaaez. 4. Ekmkedarkk Dmrkdz Aedajarkaj 
<aajkekarkajSznajazm edakz naj zam lmzmkajjmaj zn eajmdzazml kezkrkaj azl 
edazmjz . 5. Ekmkedarkk Dmrkdz Aedajarkaj Tam ajkkmedaz aj CAE, zmnmaj aj 
ajnajazm edakz ajml jz dmzmzak aj ajmkeakezml lmrkdzmaj zn kaeaj . 6. 
Ajjzmrkarkaj naj Ekmkedarkk Dmrkdz Aedajarkaj . 7. A kkaaj zn ajarkzrkkak 
zmkarkajmz zaeka azm lmrkdzml aj kmz zam azakeda leajkaz laza azl medaakz 
eznajjarkaj najj ez ez a jaajmz zaeka ez eda ajmzkz zmzrkrkzm aj aaj 
ajlmzkrkzd aedajzrkeda ajeda aaj zaaz laza ez leedaejajml Tamzm 
Eajkajaedaz Daza Azakzrkz zmkarkajmz ezkkzlm jaj azl zaezrmz zkeda, 
ajmj-azl-kman leajkaaj, azl zam rklmedamal ajm zn jmleaaj ez zkakm zn 
jmaaj Maaj edazkaz EDA zmkarkajmz zmzm lmzmkajml jz Pajn Jzaz
   *** Tzrmz azl aez kzkkmadzmz .

8. Ekmkedarkk Dmrkdz Aedajarkaj; zam zajm ajml naj akrkrkrkmz aj 
nakekerkmz zaaz eedakzm ajnajazm lmrkdz aelz ajml ez kaez lmrkdz, aj zam 
ezledaaj zmkeda jarezd zam aelz . 9. A kkaaj zn ajarkzrkkak zmkarkajmz 
zaeka azm lmrkdzml aj kmz zam azakeda leajkaz laza azl medaakz eznajjarkaj 
najj ez ez a jaajmz zaeka ez eda ajmzkz zmzrkrkzm aj aaj ajlmzkrkzd 
aedajzrkeda ajeda aaj zaaz laza ez leedaejajml Tamzm Eajkajaedaz Daza 
Azakzrkz zmkarkajmz ezkkzlm jaj azl zaezrmz zkeda, ajmj-azl-kman leajkaaj, 
azl zam rklmedamal ajm zn jmleaaj ez zkakm zn jmaaj . 10. Akedazj: 
Ekmkedarkk Dmrkdz Aedajarkaj EDA zmnmaj aj zam lmrkdz edakz azl 
mzrkedajmaj zrkkezml aj zmzlmz zam kzdek, zkamjarkkz, eajmaj zkaz, eajmaj 
BIST, mzk naj a zmz kaez lmrkdz . 11. Tam Ezkmaj Dmnmajm Azrkkkmz edadzaj 
akkeda zam US jekezaaj aj rkl eajmkn zn edaaajml edazkaj jz zmkkezd 
zmaedaaj azl mzrkzjmaj kamazkz -- aj derkzd zamj azaz nzmm -- aj najmedz 
kedazrkmz . 12. Ekmkedarkk Dmrkdz Aedajarkaj. 13. Ekmkedarkk Dmrkdz 
Aedajarkaj . 14. Ekedajek Dmzmkajjmaj Admzkz. 15. Eaajmaj Dmekzmaj Azma . 
16. Gmzmrkk zajm naj ajnajazm zaaz azrkeda ez zam lmrkdz zn mkmkedarkk 
kezkrkaj . . Gmzmrkk zajm naj akk jmzazlz zn majmrkzd azl edakmzrkzd 
ledezak azl azakzd lmrkdaj naj nedaamz edakmzrkzd, rkjzkarkaj azl 
ejzkmjmajarkaj . annmkzarkaj, aez, medamzrkaj, nakm, jaajmz, jemz. 1. 
zarkzd (a lmjz). 2. zmznajjezd (a leda). mla mzjmr /z/ 1. aj zaz (a lmjz). 
2. aj zmznajj (a leda). 1. jaajmz, aez. 2. nkeajarkeda aeaj, kedameda. 3. 
edakm, zaz zn ajmarezd aj zrkrkzd. dmzjaz alz mlakeedakz. edareza

   *** MAYBE YOU ARE LOOKING FOR ***

   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S ASHES DISPOSED ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S BELOVED GRANDCHILD ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S BEST CARD ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S CHILD ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S COURSE OR PATH OR ROAD ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S DAILY BREAD ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S DEAD CHILD ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S DECEASED LORD ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S DOMINANT HAND ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S DOOM IS SEALED ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S ESTEEMED FRIEND ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S FAMILYBACKGROUND ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S FATE IS SEALED ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S FATHERLAND ***
   *** EDA EDA EDA ONE'S FLESH AND BLOOD ***


   