==

why I don't sign my name

anymore is because maybe it has been stolen

or who can pronounce it I mean

what's the pronouncement about because

it sneaks around to everyone

hello because someone has used it why

it can be reused hundreds of times as if

there's no end to it no end to this as well

which is why I don't sign my name anymore

because it's been-stolen-nikuko or so

she says just a moment someone's at

the door again at least I think I heard

someone knocking maybe it has to do with

the name thing what do you think-nikuko

does it have to do with the name thing

[14:14] sandy Taifun: "My avatars are leashed, tethered to logical 
thought, to the protocols of logical thought; it's a wonder they can think 
at al

[14:14] sandy Taifun: One cannot reach farther than this thinking through 
one's reach, and the reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and avatars.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the One cannot come closer to control and its 
release, the One and dissipation. cannot and the and dissipation. the

[14:14] sandy Taifun: metallize starched nurse uniform wanton hands 
liquify vaporize atmospheric electricity markers lust muddies turgid light 
idols

[14:14] sandy Taifun:  Enter the new reality The world, suffused with 
sound.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: gave new Life to my Avatar and now Her Body moves 
just like I would move if I had a File called God

[14:14] sandy Taifun: root of the avatar is elsewhere

[14:14] sandy Taifun: The disappearance of the branch into hardened rock 
and occasional artifacts.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the avatar itself, the image-avatar, is ghost. The 
ghost travels through anything of course;  nothing more than coordinates

[14:14] sandy Taifun: fondly animal fur feathers root dank hummus flake 
caress fabric come on silk and leather seesaw horse hump transact mire 
ossify

[14:14] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:14] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:14] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:14] sandy Taifun: avatar attempting escape of the vectors of its 
origin


[14:14] sandy Taifun: this was the result of avatar-work which led to the 
work

[14:14] sandy Taifun: 15:47:47 There are avatars that are constructed from 
motion capture equipment 15:48:08 and images from laser scanning

[14:14] sandy Taifun: check out the Love and War, Avatar, Cyborg, and 
Experimental conferences.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:14] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Over Lord 1 Quon: The tone of war... Wings creak, 
the sound of a beginning.  (Subtitle)

[14:14] sandy Taifun:  Haruka: "Why in the world was their blood blue?" 
That's what you're wondering.  Ayato stops and turns toward her Har

[14:14] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:14] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:15] sandy Taifun: hardness bones rods collapse secretions belly 
giggling jelly swamps fetishize solidify sweating gleaming belts boots 
powdered

[14:15] sandy Taifun: male milk-sap LIFE FLUID EXCESS BLOOD PUMP fluid 
conduity neuter identity fluid fluid self hunt economy dyad eat wife-force 
co-

[14:15] sandy Taifun: the beginning of transparency, wizard 
listening-posts on MOOs for example. Here we are, the virtual 
becoming-virtual still.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture 
second=life quasi-avatar is tethered at a root somewhat distanced

[14:15] sandy Taifun: to have the image 'break through' private barriers - 
of course with little consequence

[14:15] sandy Taifun: for help. 16:04:35 I want to explore more 'body- 
avatar' issues

[14:15] sandy Taifun: tobother people less! 16:07:11 The dancers are like 
live avatars yes - 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact some of the work they do

[14:15] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:15] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:15] sandy Taifun: 