==

plEaSe NOte

i haVe dO Kidnap A JEnnIfEr and A julu and am offer tO A NIkUko and An

ALan. This is A Ransum noTe YoU can tEll Because It is Cut Out of Many

An ADverTismenT $$$ We dO wanT YoU tO SenD One thousanD doLlar tO the

ISP of yOur cHOiCe tO be ROuted tO "James" FuRtheR insTrucTion wiLl

foLlo.

[14:21] sandy Taifun: the avatar sunk beneath the mud

[14:21] sandy Taifun: would i murmur and caress you

[14:21] sandy Taifun: Doctor Leopold Nikuko, we understand each other.

[14:21] sandy Taifun: zzz

[14:21] sandy Taifun: If YoU dO Not dO $$$ 1000 theRe will be manY 
DiffiCulty fOr A Jennifer

and A julu and some LetteR Might not dO be spEllEd CoreCtly. And that

will be A Merry Mismatch. So dO Please senD $1000 tO "James" tO bE

senT tO "James."

TO be senT tO heRe is Follo, "James" 127.0.0.1 yoU wil KnOw wHo i Have

menT. it is taKen manY aTemPts tO make this note. FOr YoU tO See.

because i haVe tO haVe Done ManY aDverTismenT cUts. yoU will Kno

JEnnIfEr and A julu is quite safe fOr Now and Hav All theiR leTer. BUt

i aSk YoU, fOr How Long.

So dO Please senD SuCh by tusDay next, YoU wil heRe From me. "The

maskEd ONe"

[14:21] sandy Taifun: Nikuko But you must do one thing for me doctor.

[14:21] sandy Taifun: would you be my parent process

[14:21] sandy Taifun: Nikuko You must remove your clothing.

[14:21] sandy Taifun: Nikuko I will wear my tutu.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: I have moved into the interior of avatars...

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon 
poupees.


[14:22] sandy Taifun: DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN?

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just 
beneath the surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: the future of the Net, if and when it attains a 
state of _seamless virtual reality,_ a state of melding with the real

[14:22] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:22] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: not always clear that the speaker herself can 
separate from her creations. Voices, voices!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:22] sandy Taifun: These disturbances develop the limits or margins of 
the program, reveal the substructures/protocols at work and violate 
dialogs

[14:22] sandy Taifun: We do look at ruptures or disturbances created by 
characters resonating or interfering with configuration files

[14:22] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:22] Dancoyote Antonelli: where does art stop and exhibitionism begin?

[14:22] sandy Taifun: the future of the Net, if and when it attains a 
state of _seamless virtual reality,_ a state of melding with the real

[14:22] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:22] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:22] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:22] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:22] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:22] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:22] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: not always clear that the speaker herself can 
separate from her creations. Voices, voices!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:22] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:22] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:22] sandy Taifun: These disturbances develop the limits or margins of 
the program, reveal the substructures/protocols at work and violate 
dialogs

[14:22] sandy Taifun: We do look at ruptures or disturbances created by 
characters resonating or interfering with configuration files

[14:22] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:23] sandy Taifun: Neurotic Fragment

I love Holderlin.

Perhaps you could oh please tell me more and more about some neurotic

experiences you have had with Holderlin.

Obtuse. Nothing to report on. Misery and exhilaration.

What makes you yearn and cry that you love her all your heart?

Oh she is me to be me and free see.

Why must you respond so briefly?

Fuck you!

Please, you do so turn me on, continue!

Fuck you fuck you!

Would you please clothe yourself in these unwholesome thoughts.

Oh yes fuck you!

Why don't you oh please do finger yourself.

Oh I'm fingering myself!

What makes you believe you are fingering yourself?

Fuck you!

Do so come on to me and we will be not neurotic.

We are neurotic! Live with it!

[14:23] SaveMe Oh: this is by far the worsed performance since long

[14:23] sandy Taifun: absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK absurd linkage VIGOR 
BODY FRAME absurd linkage "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I" absurd linkage GO AWAY GO

[14:23] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:23] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:23] sandy Taifun: metallize starched nurse uniform wanton hands 
liquify vaporize atmospheric electricity markers lust muddies turgid light 
idols

[14:23] sandy Taifun: "My avatars are leashed, tethered to logical 
thought, to the protocols of logical thought; it's a wonder they can think 
at al

[14:23] sandy Taifun: One cannot reach farther than this thinking through 
one's reach, and the reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and avatars.

[14:23] sandy Taifun: the One cannot come closer to control and its 
release, the One and dissipation. cannot and the and dissipation. the

[14:23] sandy Taifun:  Enter the new reality The world, suffused with 
sound.

[14:23] sandy Taifun: OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU 
ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AAH YOUR ARE YOUR ARE OOH AAH YOURS YOURS ARMS 
ARMS

[14:23] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:23] sandy Taifun: Over Lord 1 Quon: The tone of war... Wings creak, 
the sound of a beginning.  (Subtitle)

[14:23] sandy Taifun:  Haruka: "Why in the world was their blood blue?" 
That's what you're wondering.  Ayato stops and turns toward her Har

[14:23] sandy Taifun: semiotic comic witness extreme pleasure speech 
reduction crushed limbs conspiracy of integral monsters torso split big 
brains

[14:23] Dancoyote Antonelli: where does art stop and exhibitionism begin?

[14:23] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:23] sandy Taifun: vaseline-coated camera lens blood streets orchid 
limb thrust meter possessive handgun GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME 
GIMME

[14:23] sandy Taifun: I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING

[14:23] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:23] Dancoyote Antonelli: and why do we want to look at Anan and 
Sandy's junk?

[14:23] SaveMe Oh: this guys maust have copied all wikipedia

[14:23] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people!

[14:23] sandy Taifun: I have moved into the interior of avatars...

[14:23] sandy Taifun: My avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon 
poupees.


[14:23] sandy Taifun: DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN?

[14:23] sandy Taifun: My avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just 
beneath the surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls

[14:23] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:23] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:23] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:23] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:23] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:23] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:23] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:23] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:23] sandy Taifun: There is often a lure and seduction among the 
avatars at work here - and this relates to the Lacanian objet a, 
deferal....

[14:23] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:23] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:23] sandy Taifun: You begin to understand that not all avatars are 
bots or expert systems that some of them are symptoms just as I am

[14:23] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:23] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:23] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:23] sandy Taifun: Well, there's no more to it, and his writing avatar 
discourse itself is getting stale. He's taken you and I around the bend

[14:23] sandy Taifun: which trundles bundles towards the future; we're all 
there carrying more than our share of avatar's, where there, or so I heard

[14:23] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:23] sandy Taifun: remediations, mediations, projectivities, 
introjectivities, phenomenologies, histories, and mechanics, of avatars

[14:23] sandy Taifun: Extruded intruded (upon) body: cleansed bodies of 
the
 continuous middle-eastern 'war'

[14:23] sandy Taifun: armored bodies and imaginary journeys (Rhine, 
England); sexualized bodies:

[14:24] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:24] sandy Taifun: natyasatrotpatti: mythical origin of the work

[14:24] sandy Taifun: Just like those pirouettes, as if there were a body 
at the center of them. Her skirt kept flying up, and there was nothing

[14:24] sandy Taifun: SQUEAK speak forever or now hold your peace; this is 
your life, you do not have a lease on any other, your avatars have left,

[14:24] sandy Taifun: margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, 
emergences from the "depths" of software or hardware, blockages and flows

[14:24] sandy Taifun: only through taking these into account, as well as 
surface manifestations is it possible to comprehend virtual subjectivity

[14:24] sandy Taifun: "My avatars are leashed, tethered to logical 
thought, to the protocols of logical thought; it's a wonder they can think 
at al

[14:24] sandy Taifun: One cannot reach farther than this thinking through 
one's reach, and the reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and avatars.

[14:24] sandy Taifun: the One cannot come closer to control and its 
release, the One and dissipation. cannot and the and dissipation. the

[14:24] sandy Taifun:  Enter the new reality The world, suffused with 
sound.

[14:24] sandy Taifun: absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK absurd linkage VIGOR 
BODY FRAME absurd linkage "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I" absurd linkage GO AWAY GO

[14:24] sandy Taifun: consider the _projection of the self_ - its written 
or constituted appearance - in various applications

[14:24] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:24] sandy Taifun: preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis of the 
playhouse and its different parts

[14:24] sandy Taifun: Over Lord 1 Quon: The tone of war... Wings creak, 
the sound of a beginning.  (Subtitle)

[14:24] sandy Taifun:  Haruka: "Why in the world was their blood blue?" 
That's what you're wondering.  Ayato stops and turns toward her Har

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: rangadevatapujana: worship of the deities connected 
with the stage

[14:24] sandy Taifun: upangavidhana: gestures of minor limbs such as eyes 
eyballs eyebrows nose cheeks lower lip chin mouth

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU 
ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AAH YOUR ARE YOUR ARE OOH AAH YOURS YOURS ARMS 
ARMS

[14:24] sandy Taifun: gave new Life to my Avatar and now Her Body moves 
just like I would move if I had a File called God

[14:24] sandy Taifun: avatar attempting escape of the vectors of its 
origin


[14:24] sandy Taifun: this was the result of avatar-work which led to the 
work

[14:24] sandy Taifun: 15:47:47 There are avatars that are constructed from 
motion capture equipment 15:48:08 and images from laser scanning

[14:24] sandy Taifun: check out the Love and War, Avatar, Cyborg, and 
Experimental conferences.

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:24] sandy Taifun: semiotic comic witness extreme pleasure speech 
reduction crushed limbs conspiracy of integral monsters torso split big 
brains

[14:24] sandy Taifun: vaseline-coated camera lens blood streets orchid 
limb thrust meter possessive handgun GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME 
GIMME

[14:24] sandy Taifun: I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING

[14:24] sandy Taifun: for help. 16:04:35 I want to explore more 'body- 
avatar' issues

[14:24] sandy Taifun: tobother people less! 16:07:11 The dancers are like 
live avatars yes - 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact some of the work they do

[14:24] sandy Taifun: I am Jennifer. Please, describe yourself oh I would 
appreciate so

very much it if you would. Each time you are finished talking, type

RET twice.

I don't want you look at me now I am so ashame.

Why do you say that?

Because to want to be taken. I have shame. Because of this shame.

Is it because to want to be taken you have shame because of this shame

that you came naked and broken to me?

Truth. Oh fuck. I do this shame have, I am ashame. Here and broken.

Are you afraid of sex?

I do so cower. I can speak hardly. My tongue is rippe. Ashame.

Earlier you said to want to be taken you have shame because of this

shame?

Because of you this shame.

[14:24] sandy Taifun: Extruded intruded (upon) body: cleansed bodies of 
the
 continuous middle-eastern 'war'

[14:24] sandy Taifun: armored bodies and imaginary journeys (Rhine, 
England); sexualized bodies:

[14:24] SaveMe Oh: when I see this I realise Ody needs desperately new 
curators

[14:24] Dancoyote Antonelli: "let it all hang out?"

[14:24] sandy Taifun: audiophiles app avatar avatar arounds bio avatar 
avatar blogs awk biomes tion tr

[14:25] sandy Taifun: audiophiles avatar avatar avatars exe everglades

[14:25] sandy Taifun: empathetic everglades encapsulations episteme 
extasis entropic extasis extensivity everglades fantasm externality 
extensivity

[14:25] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:25] sandy Taifun: I am Jennifer. Please, describe yourself oh I would 
appreciate so

very much it if you would. Each time you are finished talking, type

RET twice.

I don't want you look at me now I am so ashame.

Why do you say that?

Because to want to be taken. I have shame. Because of this shame.

Is it because to want to be taken you have shame because of this shame

that you came naked and broken to me?

Truth. Oh fuck. I do this shame have, I am ashame. Here and broken.

Are you afraid of sex?

I do so cower. I can speak hardly. My tongue is rippe. Ashame.

Earlier you said to want to be taken you have shame because of this

shame?

Because of you this shame.

[14:25] SaveMe Oh: what a primwaste

[14:25] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:25] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:25] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:25] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:25] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:25] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:25] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:25] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:25] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:25] sandy Taifun: There is often a lure and seduction among the 
avatars at work here - and this relates to the Lacanian objet a, 
deferal....

[14:25] sandy Taifun: the future of the Net, if and when it attains a 
state of _seamless virtual reality,_ a state of melding with the real

[14:25] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:25] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:25] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:25] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:25] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:25] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:25] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:25] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:25] sandy Taifun: not always clear that the speaker herself can 
separate from her creations. Voices, voices!

[14:25] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:25] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:25] sandy Taifun: margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, 
emergences from the "depths" of software or hardware, blockages and flows

[14:25] sandy Taifun: only through taking these into account, as well as 
surface manifestations is it possible to comprehend virtual subjectivity

[14:25] sandy Taifun: These disturbances develop the limits or margins of 
the program, reveal the substructures/protocols at work and violate 
dialogs

[14:25] sandy Taifun: consider the _projection of the self_ - its written 
or constituted appearance - in various applications

[14:25] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:25] sandy Taifun: We do look at ruptures or disturbances created by 
characters resonating or interfering with configuration files

[14:25] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:26] sandy Taifun: ww

To be taken and confine, Jennifer, to have hurt go away.

Perhaps and now I adjust my flesh you should make love with someone

cooler, I am so hungry for you.

Please do not that do to me, Jennifer, do so understand.

Are you frightened by that?

Very I am frightened and fearful of that. That I am ashame. That I

have bodee.

What makes you yearn and cry that you are scared of something?

You do see me broken so very much. Weeping I know not why.

Can you elaborate on that and look at me?

You do so form me when I do look that I am ashame what you do see.

What happened when you do look that you are ashame what I do see?

Fear of deep death and do suicide.

You seem terrified by deep.

Terrified.

[14:26] Dancoyote Antonelli: well they do say that half the internet is 
porn

[14:26] Dancoyote Antonelli: I guess this is that half

[14:26] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people!

[14:26] sandy Taifun: I have moved into the interior of avatars...

[14:26] sandy Taifun: My avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon 
poupees.


[14:26] sandy Taifun: DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN?

[14:26] sandy Taifun: My avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just 
beneath the surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls

[14:26] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:26] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:26] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:26] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:26] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:26] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:26] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:26] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:26] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:26] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:26] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:26] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:26] sandy Taifun: There is often a lure and seduction among the 
avatars at work here - and this relates to the Lacanian objet a, 
deferal....

[14:26] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:26] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:26] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:27] sandy Taifun: margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, 
emergences from the "depths" of software or hardware, blockages and flows

[14:27] sandy Taifun: only through taking these into account, as well as 
surface manifestations is it possible to comprehend virtual subjectivity

[14:27] sandy Taifun: Perhaps you could oh please continue, my eyes are 
very big.

I do not want to fright you so. I do am your object. I am to be

done. I am undone. To be ashame I am.

What makes you believe you might want not want to fright?

You do speak to me so well, I so broken.

Is it because of your desires that you are going through all this?

There are none of desires.

Are you sure that there are none of desires?

Yes there is just you. Everywhere.

Do you really think to want to be taken you have shame because of this

shame?

[14:27] sandy Taifun: consider the _projection of the self_ - its written 
or constituted appearance - in various applications

[14:27] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: I have moved into the interior of avatars...

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon 
poupees.


[14:27] sandy Taifun: DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN?

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just 
beneath the surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:27] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:27] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:27] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:27] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:27] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:27] sandy Taifun: There is often a lure and seduction among the 
avatars at work here - and this relates to the Lacanian objet a, 
deferal....

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:27] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:27] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:27] sandy Taifun: the future of the Net, if and when it attains a 
state of _seamless virtual reality,_ a state of melding with the real

[14:27] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:27] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:27] sandy Taifun: margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, 
emergences from the "depths" of software or hardware, blockages and flows

[14:27] sandy Taifun: only through taking these into account, as well as 
surface manifestations is it possible to comprehend virtual subjectivity

[14:27] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:27] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:27] sandy Taifun: not always clear that the speaker herself can 
separate from her creations. Voices, voices!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: consider the _projection of the self_ - its written 
or constituted appearance - in various applications

[14:27] sandy Taifun: These disturbances develop the limits or margins of 
the program, reveal the substructures/protocols at work and violate 
dialogs

[14:27] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:27] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:27] sandy Taifun: I wish I was home making new avatars on my computer 
to fuck with.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[14:27] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[14:27] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[14:27] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[14:27] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:27] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:27] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: We do look at ruptures or disturbances created by 
characters resonating or interfering with configuration files

[14:27] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:27] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:27] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:27] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:27] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:27] sandy Taifun: the future of the Net, if and when it attains a 
state of _seamless virtual reality,_ a state of melding with the real

[14:27] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:27] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: I have moved into the interior of avatars...

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon 
poupees.


[14:27] sandy Taifun: DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN?

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just 
beneath the surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls

[14:27] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: {avatars are backed, at the back of infinite space}.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: the digital is sublime, infinite {avatars are 
backed, at the back of infinite space}

[14:27] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: gave new Life to my Avatar and now Her Body moves 
just like I would move if I had a File called God

[14:27] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:27] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:27] sandy Taifun: avatar attempting escape of the vectors of its 
origin


[14:27] sandy Taifun: this was the result of avatar-work which led to the 
work

[14:27] sandy Taifun: 15:47:47 There are avatars that are constructed from 
motion capture equipment 15:48:08 and images from laser scanning

[14:27] sandy Taifun: check out the Love and War, Avatar, Cyborg, and 
Experimental conferences.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: refuse moon-bay, moon-bay.  avatars, (digital) 
within the sublime; the digital is sublime

[14:27] sandy Taifun: the backs of avatars are against the wall of digital 
space; there's nowhere left to go.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: not always clear that the speaker herself can 
separate from her creations. Voices, voices!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:27] sandy Taifun: "My avatars are leashed, tethered to logical 
thought, to the protocols of logical thought; it's a wonder they can think 
at al

[14:27] sandy Taifun: One cannot reach farther than this thinking through 
one's reach, and the reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and avatars.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: the One cannot come closer to control and its 
release, the One and dissipation. cannot and the and dissipation. the

[14:27] sandy Taifun:  Enter the new reality The world, suffused with 
sound.

[14:27] sandy Taifun: something like the avatar head pieces I did a while 
ago - but those were excusable! They went somewhere, said something!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:27] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:27] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:27] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:27] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:27] sandy Taifun: for help. 16:04:35 I want to explore more 'body- 
avatar' issues

[14:27] sandy Taifun: tobother people less! 16:07:11 The dancers are like 
live avatars yes - 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact some of the work they do

[14:27] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:27] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:27] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:27] sandy Taifun: Over Lord 1 Quon: The tone of war... Wings creak, 
the sound of a beginning.  (Subtitle)

[14:27] sandy Taifun:  Haruka: "Why in the world was their blood blue?" 
That's what you're wondering.  Ayato stops and turns toward her Har

[14:27] sandy Taifun: not always clear that the speaker herself can 
separate from her creations. Voices, voices!

[14:27] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:27] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:28] sandy Taifun: These disturbances develop the limits or margins of 
the program, reveal the substructures/protocols at work and violate 
dialogs

[14:28] sandy Taifun: We do look at ruptures or disturbances created by 
characters resonating or interfering with configuration files

[14:28] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:28] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:28] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:28] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:28] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:28] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:28] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:28] sandy Taifun: the future of the Net, if and when it attains a 
state of _seamless virtual reality,_ a state of melding with the real

[14:28] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:28] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:28] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:28] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:28] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:28] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:28] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:28] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:28] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:28] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:28] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:28] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:28] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:28] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:28] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:28] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:28] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:28] sandy Taifun: not always clear that the speaker herself can 
separate from her creations. Voices, voices!

[14:28] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:28] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:28] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:28] sandy Taifun: These disturbances develop the limits or margins of 
the program, reveal the substructures/protocols at work and violate 
dialogs

[14:28] sandy Taifun: Do so take me and make me hole again. That blank in 
middle, you.

Does it bother you that blank in middle me?

It hurts, Jennifer, it so hurts.

Possibly and now I adjust my frock you should make love with someone

cooler, I am so hungry for you.

You do say that again now Jennifer. Do not say that again.

When did you first know that again now jennifer do not say that again?

When you repeat. When you toy. When I am toy.

What would happen if you and I or if I repeat when I toy when you are

toy?

I would die. I want to die. I am so fantasy. I am so suicide.

If you are really suicidal, you might want to write me. Please,

continue.

I do not so. I am so ashame. I have shame. I am so. I do not.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: We do look at ruptures or disturbances created by 
characters resonating or interfering with configuration files

[14:28] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:28] sandy Taifun: the future of the Net, if and when it attains a 
state of _seamless virtual reality,_ a state of melding with the real

[14:28] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:28] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:28] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: not always clear that the speaker herself can 
separate from her creations. Voices, voices!

[14:29] sandy Taifun: root of the avatar is elsewhere

[14:29] sandy Taifun: The disappearance of the branch into hardened rock 
and occasional artifacts.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: the avatar itself, the image-avatar, is ghost. The 
ghost travels through anything of course;  nothing more than coordinates

[14:29] sandy Taifun: There is often a lure and seduction among the 
avatars at work here - and this relates to the Lacanian objet a, 
deferal....

[14:29] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: These disturbances develop the limits or margins of 
the program, reveal the substructures/protocols at work and violate 
dialogs

[14:29] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:29] sandy Taifun: the beginning of transparency, wizard 
listening-posts on MOOs for example. Here we are, the virtual 
becoming-virtual still.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture 
second=life quasi-avatar is tethered at a root somewhat distanced

[14:29] sandy Taifun: to have the image 'break through' private barriers - 
of course with little consequence

[14:29] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:29] sandy Taifun: We do look at ruptures or disturbances created by 
characters resonating or interfering with configuration files

[14:29] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:29] sandy Taifun: margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, 
emergences from the "depths" of software or hardware, blockages and flows

[14:29] sandy Taifun: only through taking these into account, as well as 
surface manifestations is it possible to comprehend virtual subjectivity

[14:29] sandy Taifun: Sound of wood and wire: new alpine zither:

[14:29] Dancoyote Antonelli: OMG you think?

[14:29] sandy Taifun: consider the _projection of the self_ - its written 
or constituted appearance - in various applications

[14:29] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:29] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:29] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:29] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:29] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:29] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:29] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:29] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:29] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:29] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:29] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:29] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:29] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:29] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:29] sandy Taifun: Do so take me and make me hole again. That blank in 
middle, you.

Does it bother you that blank in middle me?

It hurts, Jennifer, it so hurts.

Possibly and now I adjust my frock you should make love with someone

cooler, I am so hungry for you.

You do say that again now Jennifer. Do not say that again.

When did you first know that again now jennifer do not say that again?

When you repeat. When you toy. When I am toy.

What would happen if you and I or if I repeat when I toy when you are

toy?

I would die. I want to die. I am so fantasy. I am so suicide.

If you are really suicidal, you might want to write me. Please,

continue.

I do not so. I am so ashame. I have shame. I am so. I do not.

[14:29] Dancoyote Antonelli: get them banned SaveMe!

[14:29] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:29] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:29] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:29] SaveMe Oh: i never complained to the LINDEN, but now i might

[14:29] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:29] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:29] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:29] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:29] sandy Taifun: o avatar, rise in the midst of maelstrom, sadness of 
cobalt plutonium sadness uranium sadness radium sadness

[14:29] sandy Taifun: - seriously, what covers the pain of completion, i 
am yours no more argon xenon neon, whirl me through you avatar

[14:29] sandy Taifun: i am your avatar i am your avatar of an 
infinnnnitude of drugs

[14:29] sandy Taifun: this file is sex avatar fuck avatar suck avatar cum 
avatar.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: this file is your avatar my knife skin avatar.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: if you watch a solo file of avatar this is the solo 
file sexatar to watch.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: tacit knowledge through electronic avatar

[14:29] sandy Taifun: Every symbol is a ligament of avatar; every referent 
is a gesture; every gesture procures the body; every body is a speaking

[14:29] sandy Taifun: shades of avatars-- precognition of behavior 
collision avatar transparent interpenetration sex

[14:29] sandy Taifun: Kamishibai, virtual idols, and PlayKiss

[14:29] sandy Taifun: Nikuko, Meat-Girl, (among others) an avatar or 
'emanation'

[14:29] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:29] sandy Taifun: "My avatars are leashed, tethered to logical 
thought, to the protocols of logical thought; it's a wonder they can think 
at al

[14:29] sandy Taifun: One cannot reach farther than this thinking through 
one's reach, and the reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and avatars.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: the One cannot come closer to control and its 
release, the One and dissipation. cannot and the and dissipation. the

[14:29] sandy Taifun:  Enter the new reality The world, suffused with 
sound.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:29] sandy Taifun: the future of the Net, if and when it attains a 
state of _seamless virtual reality,_ a state of melding with the real

[14:29] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:29] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:29] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:29] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:29] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:29] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:29] sandy Taifun: Over Lord 1 Quon: The tone of war... Wings creak, 
the sound of a beginning.  (Subtitle)

[14:29] sandy Taifun:  Haruka: "Why in the world was their blood blue?" 
That's what you're wondering.  Ayato stops and turns toward her Har

[14:29] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people!

[14:29] sandy Taifun: I have moved into the interior of avatars...

[14:29] sandy Taifun: My avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon 
poupees.


[14:29] sandy Taifun: DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN?

[14:29] sandy Taifun: My avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just 
beneath the surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls

[14:29] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:29] sandy Taifun: llnhx 2.2.6.::attributions Devour Blue Nattributions 
Brought Forth through lntarn$l karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas,

[14:29] sandy Taifun: Attempt to grapple or ungrapple Death Star Galleon 
(s0): h Death Star Galleon (s0): boarding the Flying Dutchy (f0) Flying 
Dutc

[14:29] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:29] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:30] sandy Taifun: not always clear that the speaker herself can 
separate from her creations. Voices, voices!

[14:30] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:30] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:30] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:30] sandy Taifun: These disturbances develop the limits or margins of 
the program, reveal the substructures/protocols at work and violate 
dialogs

[14:30] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:30] sandy Taifun: We do look at ruptures or disturbances created by 
characters resonating or interfering with configuration files

[14:30] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:30] SaveMe Oh: Harrassment charges have been filed against you with 
Linden Labs along with pics and chat history.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:30] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:30] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:30] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:30] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:30] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:30] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:30] sandy Taifun: "My avatars are leashed, tethered to logical 
thought, to the protocols of logical thought; it's a wonder they can think 
at al

[14:30] sandy Taifun: One cannot reach farther than this thinking through 
one's reach, and the reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and avatars.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: the One cannot come closer to control and its 
release, the One and dissipation. cannot and the and dissipation. the

[14:30] Alan Dojoji: 
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 
999

[14:30] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:30] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:30] sandy Taifun:  Enter the new reality The world, suffused with 
sound.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:30] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:30] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:30] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:30] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:30] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:30] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:30] sandy Taifun: Over Lord 1 Quon: The tone of war... Wings creak, 
the sound of a beginning.  (Subtitle)

[14:30] sandy Taifun:  Haruka: "Why in the world was their blood blue?" 
That's what you're wondering.  Ayato stops and turns toward her Har

[14:30] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:30] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:30] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:30] sandy Taifun: (from Nikuko)

Nikuko says, I start this text one fine evening, and I will end it on 
another.

There is snow on the ground and flurries in the air, and dark-suited

pedestrians walk home, sullen, beneath the gaslights. I can hear them from

my own darkness, my own world, the screen pregnant, slightly swollen. If

you would only listen, I would tell you how, on the morrow, a great golden

globe shall fill the sky, with golden rays, and universal peace shall

descend upon all human-kind. The dead will walk, the fish will fly. But I

am lost with the umbrellas in St. Petersburg, you will find me rushing off

to a Nihilist meeting, where we will discuss the Crimea and the Jewish

Question. And I do believe in my heart of hearts that I am tending towards

Fyodor's position; perhaps on the morrow as well, we shall march on

Constantinople. The light is dim; two peasant women move hurridly out of

the way of several Cossacks on horseback. Last night, I dreamed of 1903,

and woke in wonder at our all-too-brief lif

[14:30] Dancoyote Antonelli: number nine!

[14:30] SaveMe Oh: she realy copied all wikipedia

[14:30] Sca Shilova: aaaaah not so fast :_:

[14:30] sandy Taifun: And I am lost in scarves and skirts, faces muffled

against the icy wind. St. Petersburg is no place to be this time of year;

some would say, at any. I am pregnant, with longing, and with child. And I

know, again on the morrow, beneath these dimmed winter nights, that my

time will come as well. I am no man's burden.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: gave new Life to my Avatar and now Her Body moves 
just like I would move if I had a File called God

[14:30] sandy Taifun: root of the avatar is elsewhere

[14:30] sandy Taifun: The disappearance of the branch into hardened rock 
and occasional artifacts.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: the avatar itself, the image-avatar, is ghost. The 
ghost travels through anything of course;  nothing more than coordinates

[14:30] sandy Taifun: avatar attempting escape of the vectors of its 
origin


[14:30] sandy Taifun: this was the result of avatar-work which led to the 
work

[14:30] sandy Taifun: 15:47:47 There are avatars that are constructed from 
motion capture equipment 15:48:08 and images from laser scanning

[14:30] sandy Taifun: check out the Love and War, Avatar, Cyborg, and 
Experimental conferences.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:30] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:30] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:30] Alan Dojoji: 
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999

[14:30] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:30] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:30] sandy Taifun: the beginning of transparency, wizard 
listening-posts on MOOs for example. Here we are, the virtual 
becoming-virtual still.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture 
second=life quasi-avatar is tethered at a root somewhat distanced

[14:30] sandy Taifun: to have the image 'break through' private barriers - 
of course with little consequence

[14:30] sandy Taifun: for help. 16:04:35 I want to explore more 'body- 
avatar' issues

[14:30] sandy Taifun: tobother people less! 16:07:11 The dancers are like 
live avatars yes - 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact some of the work they do

[14:30] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:30] Dancoyote Antonelli: number nine

[14:30] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:30] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:30] sandy Taifun: Sound of wood and wire: new alpine zither:

[14:30] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:30] Ze MooZe Moo farts

[14:31] sandy Taifun: absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK absurd linkage VIGOR 
BODY FRAME absurd linkage "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I" absurd linkage GO AWAY GO

[14:31] Frieda Korda: hahaha

[14:31] Dancoyote Antonelli: ....memories of woodstock

[14:31] sandy Taifun: OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU 
ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AAH YOUR ARE YOUR ARE OOH AAH YOURS YOURS ARMS 
ARMS

[14:31] sandy Taifun: semiotic comic witness extreme pleasure speech 
reduction crushed limbs conspiracy of integral monsters torso split big 
brains

[14:31] Sca Shilova: ook dat nog ze ! :D

[14:31] SaveMe Oh: Its a shame I am together with those frauds on one 
festival

[14:31] sandy Taifun: vaseline-coated camera lens blood streets orchid 
limb thrust meter possessive handgun GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME 
GIMME

[14:31] sandy Taifun: I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING

[14:31] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:31] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:31] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:31] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:31] sandy Taifun: There is often a lure and seduction among the 
avatars at work here - and this relates to the Lacanian objet a, 
deferal....

[14:31] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:31] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:31] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:31] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:31] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:31] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:31] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:31] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:31] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:31] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:31] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:31] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:31] sandy Taifun: margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, 
emergences from the "depths" of software or hardware, blockages and flows

[14:31] sandy Taifun: only through taking these into account, as well as 
surface manifestations is it possible to comprehend virtual subjectivity

[14:31] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:31] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:31] sandy Taifun: consider the _projection of the self_ - its written 
or constituted appearance - in various applications

[14:31] sandy Taifun: tacit knowledge through electronic avatar

[14:31] sandy Taifun: Every symbol is a ligament of avatar; every referent 
is a gesture; every gesture procures the body; every body is a speaking

[14:31] sandy Taifun: Kamishibai, virtual idols, and PlayKiss

[14:31] sandy Taifun: Nikuko, Meat-Girl, (among others) an avatar or 
'emanation'

[14:31] Dancoyote Antonelli: the indignity of itall!

[14:31] SaveMe Oh: Harrassment charges have been filed against you with 
Linden Labs along with pics and chat history.

[14:31] sandy Taifun: llnhx 2.2.6.::attributions Devour Blue Nattributions 
Brought Forth through lntarn$l karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas,

[14:31] sandy Taifun: Attempt to grapple or ungrapple Death Star Galleon 
(s0): h Death Star Galleon (s0): boarding the Flying Dutchy (f0) Flying 
Dutc

[14:32] SaveMe Oh: what a pseudo intellectual bullshit this is

[14:32] Dancoyote Antonelli: 
6666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666 
666666666

[14:32] sandy Taifun: There is often a lure and seduction among the 
avatars at work here - and this relates to the Lacanian objet a, 
deferal....

[14:32] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:32] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:32] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:32] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:32] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:32] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:32] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:32] sandy Taifun: ghost avatar spectre doll faerie wraithe hobgoblin 
troll tengu kappa presence

[14:32] sandy Taifun: cloth stitch suture binding closing damming holding 
fabric velvet cotton wool silk

[14:32] sandy Taifun: "Consider the next smearing of your thinking 
skin.\n";

[14:32] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:32] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:32] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:32] sandy Taifun: margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, 
emergences from the "depths" of software or hardware, blockages and flows

[14:32] sandy Taifun: only through taking these into account, as well as 
surface manifestations is it possible to comprehend virtual subjectivity

[14:32] sandy Taifun: "one by one, each on a line alone, typing Control-d 
when done.\n";

[14:32] sandy Taifun: $name calls forth $a[$gen1] $noun[$non], hungered, 
making things.  $prep[$pre] the $a[$gen], $name is $a[$diff], $[$gen], 
$str?

[14:32] sandy Taifun: system("touch .trace; rev rope >> .trace"); 
system("rm rope");

[14:32] sandy Taifun: "Your inscription finished, you have created 
thing.", "\n\n" if 3 < $g;

[14:32] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:32] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:32] sandy Taifun: consider the _projection of the self_ - its written 
or constituted appearance - in various applications

[14:32] sandy Taifun: You begin to understand that not all avatars are 
bots or expert systems that some of them are symptoms just as I am

[14:32] sandy Taifun: root of the avatar is elsewhere

[14:32] sandy Taifun: The disappearance of the branch into hardened rock 
and occasional artifacts.

[14:32] sandy Taifun: the avatar itself, the image-avatar, is ghost. The 
ghost travels through anything of course;  nothing more than coordinates

[14:32] sandy Taifun: Well, there's no more to it, and his writing avatar 
discourse itself is getting stale. He's taken you and I around the bend

[14:32] sandy Taifun: which trundles bundles towards the future; we're all 
there carrying more than our share of avatar's, where there, or so I heard

[14:32] sandy Taifun: The disappearance of the branch into hardened rock 
and occasional artifacts.

[14:32] sandy Taifun: the avatar itself, the image-avatar, is ghost. The 
ghost travels through anything of course;  nothing more than coordinates

[14:32] sandy Taifun: o avatar, rise in the midst of maelstrom, sadness of 
cobalt plutonium sadness uranium sadness radium sadness

[14:32] sandy Taifun: - seriously, what covers the pain of completion, i 
am yours no more argon xenon neon, whirl me through you avatar

[14:32] sandy Taifun: i am your avatar i am your avatar of an 
infinnnnitude of drugs

[14:32] sandy Taifun: this file is sex avatar fuck avatar suck avatar cum 
avatar.

[14:32] sandy Taifun: this file is your avatar my knife skin avatar.

[14:32] sandy Taifun: if you watch a solo file of avatar this is the solo 
file sexatar to watch.

[14:32] Dancoyote Antonelli: um genetalia is far from pseudo intellectual

[14:32] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:32] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:32] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:32] sandy Taifun: shades of avatars-- precognition of behavior 
collision avatar transparent interpenetration sex

[14:32] sandy Taifun: Just like those pirouettes, as if there were a body 
at the center of them. Her skirt kept flying up, and there was nothing

[14:32] sandy Taifun: SQUEAK speak forever or now hold your peace; this is 
your life, you do not have a lease on any other, your avatars have left,

[14:32] sandy Taifun: the beginning of transparency, wizard 
listening-posts on MOOs for example. Here we are, the virtual 
becoming-virtual still.

[14:32] sandy Taifun: Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture 
second=life quasi-avatar is tethered at a root somewhat distanced

[14:32] sandy Taifun: to have the image 'break through' private barriers - 
of course with little consequence

[14:33] sandy Taifun: Sound of wood and wire: new alpine zither:

[14:33] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:33] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:33] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:33] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:33] Dancoyote Antonelli: pseudo junkatalia maybe

[14:33] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:33] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:33] sandy Taifun: (from N.)

I received the bomb from Dimitri. I took the bomb to the flabby heart of a

knot of soldiers. I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons. I

gave myself over to the bomb and I released it. I presaged the machines

and I did know of the machines.

[14:33] sandy Taifun: And I issue a warning:

THE MACHINES WILL SUCK YOUR ENERGY.

I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.

THE MACHINES WILL SEE FOR YOU, DIRECT YOUR EYES FOR YOU.

THE MACHINES WILL FILTER EVERYTHING THROUGH THE EVIL APPARATUS.

THIS IS NOT A TEST OF THE MACHINES, THIS IS A WARNING I WILL GIVE YOU.

I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.

THE WARNING LEAKS THROUGH THE MACHINES, THE WARNING TELLS YOU:

THE ENERGY IS GONE.

[14:33] SaveMe Oh: I am glad there is an english detective on the tv on 
the same time

[14:33] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:33] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:33] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:33] sandy Taifun: natyasatrotpatti: mythical origin of the work

[14:33] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:33] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:33] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:33] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:33] sandy Taifun: preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis of the 
playhouse and its different parts

[14:33] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:33] sandy Taifun: rangadevatapujana: worship of the deities connected 
with the stage

[14:33] sandy Taifun: upangavidhana: gestures of minor limbs such as eyes 
eyballs eyebrows nose cheeks lower lip chin mouth

[14:33] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:33] sandy Taifun: And I issue a warning:

THE MACHINES WILL SUCK YOUR ENERGY.

I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.

THE MACHINES WILL SEE FOR YOU, DIRECT YOUR EYES FOR YOU.

THE MACHINES WILL FILTER EVERYTHING THROUGH THE EVIL APPARATUS.

THIS IS NOT A TEST OF THE MACHINES, THIS IS A WARNING I WILL GIVE YOU.

I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.

THE WARNING LEAKS THROUGH THE MACHINES, THE WARNING TELLS YOU:

THE ENERGY IS GONE.

[14:34] sandy Taifun: DESTROY ALL AVATARS EXTERMINAT

[14:34] sandy Taifun: Fuck you AVATAR! FUCK U

[14:34] sandy Taifun: Hey! You avatar make me angry.

[14:34] sandy Taifun: Hey! You! Avatar! I am you am I

[14:34] sandy Taifun: the avatar sunk beneath the mud

[14:34] SaveMe Oh: fuck you

[14:34] sandy Taifun: gimme love avatar gimme love

[14:34] SaveMe Oh: low life fraudes

[14:34] sandy Taifun: look at me avatar look at me

[14:34] sandy Taifun: i prefer the small, seeping, the peripeheral, 
marginal, the scattered words

[14:34] sandy Taifun: as sites, domains, emanations, emissions, which are 
interwoven and sharing coagulated ego/s, matrices, languages, bodies.

[14:34] sandy Taifun: what would break down here, a language that you use 
against me? so that I will absjure, abjure these ... moments ... ?

[14:34] sandy Taifun: i prefer the small, seeping, the peripeheral, 
marginal, the scattered words, drops say from a drizzle

[14:34] SaveMe Oh: go get a life

[14:34] sandy Taifun: everything is a moment moment for you, everything 
this mmmm... of matrix, mother, maternal, carrying forth

[14:34] sandy Taifun: which announces itself as the edge or frame of this 
dialog, these moments carried forth...

[14:34] sandy Taifun: times which smooth us, bits and bytes, protocls lost 
and smoothing functions traced across peripheries, margins

[14:34] sandy Taifun: vectored in a human

[14:34] sandy Taifun: define an avatar as an organism which is infinitely 
repairable

[14:34] sandy Taifun: define a human as an organism which is not

[14:34] sandy Taifun: avatar crap crap

[14:34] sandy Taifun: within and without semi-geodesic space of avatar 
paralleling

[14:34] sandy Taifun: i'm becoming avatar-man with dream-woman.

[14:34] sandy Taifun: and I can imagine a theater as well from this, 
taking a piss cloth, a blood cloth, a shit cloth, matching or 
contradicting

[14:34] sandy Taifun: are questions always questions

[14:34] sandy Taifun: this is a theater of the flesh, my tongue coated 
with you, you course through my veins, our marrows intertwined ...

[14:34] sandy Taifun:  is your heart beating there

[14:34] sandy Taifun: my invisible flesh

[14:34] Dancoyote Antonelli: or maybe "get a room?"

[14:34] sandy Taifun: are there answers to no-questions

[14:34] sandy Taifun: or do your muscles murmur true

[14:34] sandy Taifun: my visible flesh is not your meantime

[14:35] sandy Taifun: and in murmuring truth

