==

[13:58] lizsolo Mathilde: welcome everyone to the second performance of 
our festival

[13:58] sandy Taifun: zzzzzz

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Nude Nikuko sitting on nude Doctor Leopold Konninger 
with sfx.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Quickcam segments with Nikuko's voice describing her 
sex.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Nikuko pirouettes in a transparent skirt for the 
Dovctor.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Nikuko and Doctor Leopold Konninger, both fully 
dressed, dance.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: wwwww Sewn in You

@salt and gold

<Julu> your limbs around me / holes caught in trees and flowers

<Alan> give me thorns piercing the soft flesh

<Julu> thorns of love screaming against your holes on the way to

Armageddon

this is the way to Armageddon.

so this is the way the thorns go, ripping the pink flesh.

ripping the ribs and rims of the flesh, emerging from filth.

<Alan> call it filth and draw brown blood from me into havoc.

<Julu> don't you dare call me havoc.

@havoc -> #@$(*&(*&$%))(*@#$ [noise is on the line]

+++

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Nikuko in open kimono mouthing AAAAH like a shinto 
guardian.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: i prefer the small, seeping, the peripeheral, 
marginal, the scattered words

[13:58] sandy Taifun: as sites, domains, emanations, emissions, which are 
interwoven and sharing coagulated ego/s, matrices, languages, bodies.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: what would break down here, a language that you use 
against me? so that I will absjure, abjure these ... moments ... ?

[13:58] sandy Taifun: The Male Ballet Dancer moves neurotically through 
the space.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: i prefer the small, seeping, the peripeheral, 
marginal, the scattered words, drops say from a drizzle

[13:58] sandy Taifun: everything is a moment moment for you, everything 
this mmmm... of matrix, mother, maternal, carrying forth

[13:58] sandy Taifun: which announces itself as the edge or frame of this 
dialog, these moments carried forth...

[13:58] sandy Taifun: times which smooth us, bits and bytes, protocls lost 
and smoothing functions traced across peripheries, margins

[13:58] sandy Taifun: my invisible flesh

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Three still dance shots bring this dance to a halt.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Nikuko in tutu and the Male Ballet Dancer perform a 
Musical Number.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Nikuko dances strangely by herself on the right-hand 
side.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: zzzzz

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Get lost!

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Piece 381,924 I am piece 381,924, you are addressing 
me.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: my visible flesh is not your meantime

[13:58] sandy Taifun: oh boy girl, oo oh boy oo girl she jump a.  oh boy 
girl girl oo girl oo girl oh boy oo oh boy girl oo oo oo oo, girl oo skipp

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Girl:"........BITCHEN!" Boy:"WOOOOOOOOO!" (Loud 
applause) ... O.O Oh dear lord.( hides under desk,cluching Blitzwing 
Plushie) S

[13:58] sandy Taifun: "Oh, no; girls, you know, are much too clever to 
fall out of their prams. ... " Oo!" she exclaimed rapturously. "Wendy, 
Wendy,

[13:58] sandy Taifun: =yellow/ V: =i got red/ : ( )/ K: *oo::oh..mine 
feels all slimy/ J: i ..... he was going out with another girl and she 
didn't e

[13:58] sandy Taifun: I ain't your hollaback boy (Repeat x2) (Ooh oo) This 
is my shoot, ... (Ooh oo) This is my shoot. So last night girl, saw you un

[13:58] sandy Taifun: LESSON VI. she pat too now let me sh oo ow l 
[Illustration: Girl with dog] Ann can ... O whip Ben up still sit if stand 
Jip o w

[13:58] sandy Taifun: definatly sharks and clowns.........what o.o. most 
happy when .... Oh please God , have mercy! Oh please let it end! And he 
fin

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Hey!

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Jennifer Julu piece 381,924 is addressing me.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: I wish I was home making new avatars on my computer 
to fuck with.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[13:58] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[13:58] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[13:58] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[13:58] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Maggie Quinn, Girl reporter. Honors student, 
newspaper staffer, yearbook photographer. ..... neck and baby-talked, 
"Does oo haf

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Boy, she's gonna love that. When we are finished 
with that, .... Oh well, no big . Husband brought home the American girl 
dolls

[13:58] sandy Taifun: BOY-I'll swim the ocean for you GIRL- Yeah 
Riiiiiggghhhtttt Boy- I ... ok sexy wutev u say O.O and tell Aiden not to 
hurt meh

[13:58] sandy Taifun: O O> X>O .>>>X >: O:OO>:O. O> >O:::>>O::O'OO .>O 'X 
O' XO:' 'O>O>. O:> O: .OO>>O'O> . ..... An old man and a young girl/boy 
pas

[13:58] sandy Taifun: The kids gathered around me with delight; Oo'ed and 
ahh'ed as I uncovered my ... The birthday boy was amused with the adorable

[13:58] sandy Taifun: the sincere, true-hearted girl they thought her, and 
she was as loyal to ...... "Oooo-oo-oo-oh!" giggled Trees. "Sahwah tickled

[13:58] sandy Taifun: Hey!

[13:59] sandy Taifun: Piece 381,924 Hello Julu, come in Julu.

[13:59] sandy Taifun: meat is returned always otherwise

[13:59] sandy Taifun: Jennifer You are Julu-Julu; you have come in.

[13:59] sandy Taifun: are questions always questions

[13:59] sandy Taifun: Piece 381,924 Maybe what I have to say is one thing.

[13:59] sandy Taifun: interior removal

[13:59] sandy Taifun: what falls off-world is history

[13:59] sandy Taifun: Hey!

[13:59] sandy Taifun: Jennifer It is one thing, piece 381,924.

[13:59] sandy Taifun: are there answers to no-questions

[13:59] sandy Taifun: White Room Girl: Smart boy. Now they watch, and they 
can no longer touch. ... Angel: Mmm. oo-kay. Groo: Pomegranate Mist is

[13:59] sandy Taifun: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,

[13:59] sandy Taifun: Piece 381,924 This is one thing Julu.

[13:59] sandy Taifun: Where is the girl I used to know Fm/Ab Fsus/Ab Abm7 
Abm7/Db Gbmaj7/Db .... Dim dipple ee dim dipple ay dim dipple oo dim dee 
ay

[13:59] sandy Taifun: But I can't help it, oo oo. Thank god, for sex in 
the brain. In the brain. ... A big house, a nice job, oh boy. Look. See. 
She

[13:59] sandy Taifun: You have been disconnected. Do you wish to 
reconnect?

<Julu> perfect love is always interruption.

<Alan> cut my nipples from my breasts: plant them.

@cut @plant @grow Soldiers of the Golden Fleece

<Julu> and they have black bellies of black bombers

cut into straight and rigid angles

and just so reflecting radar and midnight tracers

everywhere across your body's violent hills.

@you

[13:59] sandy Taifun: #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, 
#, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #,

[13:59] sandy Taifun: Jennifer This is Jennifer, Julu piece 381,924.

[13:59] sandy Taifun: He wants it now. Oh, the cake! Great. -Happy 
birthday, boy. Come here! ...... Shot her husband and dropped him off the 
bridge..

[13:59] sandy Taifun:  [Processing filter "Filter Rule"  ]soof British 
Parliament,o Grover [Processing filter "Filter Rule"  ]an around. Afte

[13:59] sandy Taifun: Piece 381,924 Forgive me ...

[13:59] sandy Taifun: /a19

[13:59] sandy Taifun: what is history, what is forgotten

[14:00] sandy Taifun: /z19

[14:00] sandy Taifun: cannot be stored, leaves no traces

[14:00] There is no suitable surface to sit on, try another spot.

[14:00] sandy Taifun: your belly, holes and fabrics drawn from love and 
nature.

<Alan> i i i i i ruffles combs serrations raked across your

shoulders, i can imagine drawing blood into the

page among us

<Julu> i can't sleep without you, live without you any

longer, can't breath without your flesh heavy in my

lungs. i want your lungs in me. i want to breathe

your breath, i want to eat your flesh.

<Julu> i want your lungs. i want your flesh. the

@premonition of the Argonauts

[14:01] sandy Taifun: I wish I was home making new avatars on my computer 
to fuck with.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[14:01] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[14:01] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[14:01] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Get lost!

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Hey!

[14:01] sandy Taifun: We swallowed each other, mouth against organ, juices 
bubbling over the tongue, wet eyes, wet hair, mouthing HONEY, you'd say, m

[14:01] sandy Taifun: I'd press myself up against the TERMINAL screen 
TERMINAL desire, my nipple against the O mouthing itself, taking death 
away, he

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Our membranes devoured the glass, enchanted residue 
remaining on-line off-line for days.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: My mouth and HONEY's cunt: A double hollow! My cock 
and HONEY's fist: Lozenge! My body would break on itself, a limited 
defile!

[14:01] sandy Taifun: I enter your nave! Your feet skid down parallel 
wires; sliding into my testicles, ASCII spurts from your urethra, ASCII 
spurts

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Black plane cuts the furrows weather-vaning across 
tillage

and you can dream your bright lights, you can dream your

trees. At night I try to sleep in the fires, there are lips

and labia everywhere, skin swollen and cracked to the bursting

point. There's no difference between you and me. Between

the two of us. The deep slits in the dry dark earth carry

water down and out to the road. The road's always filled but

the people are invisible and I do not love them and will not

learn to love them.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Excellent. And this is what I want you to do, Alan -

[14:01] sandy Taifun: zzzzz

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Tell us the nature of your wrecking activities.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people!

[14:01] sandy Taifun: I have moved into the interior of avatars...

[14:01] sandy Taifun: My avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon 
poupees.


[14:01] sandy Taifun: DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN?

[14:01] sandy Taifun: My avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just 
beneath the surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls

[14:01] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:01] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:01] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:01] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:01] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:01] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:01] sandy Taifun: I wish I was home making new avatars on my computer 
to fuck with.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[14:01] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[14:01] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[14:01] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[14:01] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[14:01] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[14:01] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[14:01] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[14:01] sandy Taifun: avatars created from cloth and wire held in 
suspension creating a perfect framework

[14:01] sandy Taifun: tabla/ture avatar motion capture combination the 
dialog:  Collapse options

[14:01] sandy Taifun: o avatar, rise in the midst of maelstrom, sadness of 
cobalt plutonium sadness uranium sadness radium sadness

[14:01] sandy Taifun: - seriously, what covers the pain of completion, i 
am yours no more argon xenon neon, whirl me through you avatar

[14:01] sandy Taifun: i am your avatar i am your avatar of an 
infinnnnitude of drugs

[14:01] sandy Taifun: this file is sex avatar fuck avatar suck avatar cum 
avatar.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: this file is your avatar my knife skin avatar.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: if you watch a solo file of avatar this is the solo 
file sexatar to watch.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: When I was working in the seed cultivation 
department --

[14:01] sandy Taifun: ghost avatar spectre doll faerie wraithe hobgoblin 
troll tengu kappa presence

[14:01] sandy Taifun: cloth stitch suture binding closing damming holding 
fabric velvet cotton wool silk

[14:01] sandy Taifun: "Consider the next smearing of your thinking 
skin.\n";

[14:01] sandy Taifun: shades of avatars-- precognition of behavior 
collision avatar transparent interpenetration sex

[14:01] sandy Taifun: tacit knowledge through electronic avatar

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Every symbol is a ligament of avatar; every referent 
is a gesture; every gesture procures the body; every body is a speaking

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Re: Manipulated Chat ...  [-] Avatars, models, 
performers, d...  [-] Re: Avatars, models, perfor...

[14:01] sandy Taifun: ruptured mess of the avatars banged into one another 
maybe they fucked in any case whatever skin they had disappeared

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Kamishibai, virtual idols, and PlayKiss

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Nikuko, Meat-Girl, (among others) an avatar or 
'emanation'

[14:01] sandy Taifun: root of the avatar is elsewhere

[14:01] sandy Taifun: The disappearance of the branch into hardened rock 
and occasional artifacts.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: the avatar itself, the image-avatar, is ghost. The 
ghost travels through anything of course;  nothing more than coordinates

[14:01] sandy Taifun: {avatars are backed, at the back of infinite space}.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: the digital is sublime, infinite {avatars are 
backed, at the back of infinite space}

[14:01] sandy Taifun: refuse moon-bay, moon-bay.  avatars, (digital) 
within the sublime; the digital is sublime

[14:01] sandy Taifun: the backs of avatars are against the wall of digital 
space; there's nowhere left to go.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR 
MACHINE AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR

[14:01] sandy Taifun: "one by one, each on a line alone, typing Control-d 
when done.\n";

[14:01] sandy Taifun: $name calls forth $a[$gen1] $noun[$non], hungered, 
making things.  $prep[$pre] the $a[$gen], $name is $a[$diff], $[$gen], 
$str?

[14:01] sandy Taifun: system("touch .trace; rev rope >> .trace"); 
system("rm rope");

[14:01] sandy Taifun: "Your inscription finished, you have created 
thing.", "\n\n" if 3 < $g;

[14:01] sandy Taifun: This just gets it started. Could the avatar push out 
infinitely into the unruptured catastrophic space of the edges

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Furious flight slammed against members-only 
barriers. The raw deal of equally infinite speed.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: something like the avatar head pieces I did a while 
ago - but those were excusable! They went somewhere, said something!

[14:01] sandy Taifun: coursing of trapped blood, flush of heart, spirit 
vaporized, substitute for bodypart of another, apparatus of obstinancy, 
prick

[14:01] sandy Taifun: the beginning of transparency, wizard 
listening-posts on MOOs for example. Here we are, the virtual 
becoming-virtual still.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture 
second=life quasi-avatar is tethered at a root somewhat distanced

[14:01] sandy Taifun: to have the image 'break through' private barriers - 
of course with little consequence

[14:01] sandy Taifun: This is excellent, and I will do my very best.

[14:01] sandy Taifun: llnhx 2.2.6.::attributions Devour Blue Nattributions 
Brought Forth through lntarn$l karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas,

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Attempt to grapple or ungrapple Death Star Galleon 
(s0): h Death Star Galleon (s0): boarding the Flying Dutchy (f0) Flying 
Dutc

[14:01] sandy Taifun: Sound of wood and wire: new alpine zither:

[14:02] sandy Taifun: this machine: undoes his belt buckle for him, finds 
the right diagram with which to support my weight, tongue, zone, other 
love

[14:02] sandy Taifun: MOUTH LETS GO OF CHAINS OF SENTENCES, RAMPLES, 
GIGGLES, TONGUES SPREAD WET OUT OVER LIPS, LEAKS, COLLAPSES, MELTS, HIS 
FINGERS

[14:02] sandy Taifun: What was the nature of your criminal activities?

[14:02] sandy Taifun: <Julu> don't give me your dreams as well. oak floors 
are hard

but they tend to swell in floods, pushing out the

walls of the house, everything falls to pieces, you

can't find the planes

@jason

[14:02] sandy Taifun: Here my criminal activities consisted first of all 
in wrong.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:02] sandy Taifun: I am learning so very hard here.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: There is often a lure and seduction among the 
avatars at work here - and this relates to the Lacanian objet a, 
deferal....

[14:02] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:02] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:02] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:02] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:02] sandy Taifun: the subject on the other/ near side of the screen

[14:02] sandy Taifun: tangled in avatar-sites/sights/citations. @create 
$thing called begging.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:02] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:02] sandy Taifun: You have a $thing called begging with object number 
#75438.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: All three This is wonderful!

[14:02] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:02] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: the stick-like or _anime_ figures at work, 
distributed authorships and anatomies.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, 
emergences from the "depths" of software or hardware, blockages and flows

[14:02] sandy Taifun: only through taking these into account, as well as 
surface manifestations is it possible to comprehend virtual subjectivity

[14:02] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:02] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:02] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:02] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:02] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:02] sandy Taifun: consider the _projection of the self_ - its written 
or constituted appearance - in various applications

[14:02] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people!

[14:02] sandy Taifun: I have moved into the interior of avatars...

[14:02] sandy Taifun: My avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon 
poupees.


[14:02] sandy Taifun: DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN?

[14:02] sandy Taifun: My avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just 
beneath the surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls

[14:02] sandy Taifun: How matters stood with butter, this is of interest 
to me.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:02] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:02] sandy Taifun: There is often a lure and seduction among the 
avatars at work here - and this relates to the Lacanian objet a, 
deferal....

[14:02] sandy Taifun: We don't sell butter in the rural districts.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:02] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:02] sandy Taifun: margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, 
emergences from the "depths" of software or hardware, blockages and flows

[14:02] sandy Taifun: only through taking these into account, as well as 
surface manifestations is it possible to comprehend virtual subjectivity

[14:02] sandy Taifun: I am not asking you what you sell. You were above 
all.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: natyasatrotpatti: mythical origin of the work

[14:02] sandy Taifun: the subject on the other/ near side of the screen

[14:02] sandy Taifun: tangled in avatar-sites/sights/citations. @create 
$thing called begging.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: consider the _projection of the self_ - its written 
or constituted appearance - in various applications

[14:02] sandy Taifun: preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis of the 
playhouse and its different parts

[14:02] sandy Taifun: You have a $thing called begging with object number 
#75438.

[14:02] sandy Taifun: I see how this goes. This is amazing. They have been 
found out!

[14:03] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:03] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:03] sandy Taifun: the stick-like or _anime_ figures at work, 
distributed authorships and anatomies.

[14:03] sandy Taifun: rangadevatapujana: worship of the deities connected 
with the stage

[14:03] sandy Taifun: upangavidhana: gestures of minor limbs such as eyes 
eyballs eyebrows nose cheeks lower lip chin mouth

[14:03] sandy Taifun: You begin to understand that not all avatars are 
bots or expert systems that some of them are symptoms just as I am

[14:03] sandy Taifun: natyasatrotpatti: mythical origin of the work

[14:03] sandy Taifun: Well, there's no more to it, and his writing avatar 
discourse itself is getting stale. He's taken you and I around the bend

[14:03] sandy Taifun: which trundles bundles towards the future; we're all 
there carrying more than our share of avatar's, where there, or so I heard

[14:03] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:03] sandy Taifun: ...Gorky loved fire, flames, and we made use of 
this.


[14:03] sandy Taifun: Just like those pirouettes, as if there were a body 
at the center of them. Her skirt kept flying up, and there was nothing

[14:03] sandy Taifun: SQUEAK speak forever or now hold your peace; this is 
your life, you do not have a lease on any other, your avatars have left,

[14:03] sandy Taifun: preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis of the 
playhouse and its different parts

[14:03] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:03] sandy Taifun: rangadevatapujana: worship of the deities connected 
with the stage

[14:03] sandy Taifun: upangavidhana: gestures of minor limbs such as eyes 
eyballs eyebrows nose cheeks lower lip chin mouth

[14:03] sandy Taifun: Oh oh, that is so awful! This is such an awful 
thing!


[14:03] sandy Taifun: phallocratic mach bullshit rights WIT NONSENSE 
RICOCHET HEART CLANDESTINE NIBBLES an ocean illuminated plastic box motor, 
tiny

[14:03] sandy Taifun: fifty industrialized nations incincerated 250000 
Iraqis ARMED POLITICS ANNIHILIZATION science baby, its science the camera 
on

[14:03] sandy Taifun: skirt heels depilated legs and nose job musculature 
buildt in gym scar liquid hand movement i want a man i want a woman i want

[14:03] sandy Taifun: red pepper boiling vinegar teach marks PHILOSOPHY OF 
VIRTUAL BEDROOM AVATAR immortal space sacred heater language train pet

[14:03] sandy Taifun: PEFORATED LOBES OF EARS HIS NOSTRILS HIS ARMS HIS 
TUSKS HIS BEAKS HIS CLAWS HIS PLUMES HIS SHELLS HIS PATHS HIS BLOOD FEAST

[14:03] sandy Taifun: o avatar, rise in the midst of maelstrom, sadness of 
cobalt plutonium sadness uranium sadness radium sadness

[14:03] sandy Taifun: - seriously, what covers the pain of completion, i 
am yours no more argon xenon neon, whirl me through you avatar

[14:03] sandy Taifun: i am your avatar i am your avatar of an 
infinnnnitude of drugs

[14:03] sandy Taifun: this file is sex avatar fuck avatar suck avatar cum 
avatar.

[14:03] sandy Taifun: this file is your avatar my knife skin avatar.

[14:03] sandy Taifun: if you watch a solo file of avatar this is the solo 
file sexatar to watch.

[14:03] sandy Taifun: shades of avatars-- precognition of behavior 
collision avatar transparent interpenetration sex

[14:03] sandy Taifun: rudding odors sweat vaginal semen ova decompositions 
bacteria vegetation and hummingbirds and sparrows and flies and mites and

[14:03] sandy Taifun: "i detest her because i know her well" "i will 
imitate her" "i will curse her" "i have felt"

[14:03] sandy Taifun: RAVINE CUT fang graft trench flat postural 
diagrammatics thrust torsion engine grammar paradigm eliminations jeans 
motorcycle

[14:03] sandy Taifun: The Argonauts are coming: MEDEA OF THE FALLEN 
TIMBERS whose

skin tears along those lines separating us. Our love will

bring the planes down. Our love makes the growth of every

living thing.

<Julu> if you leave me i will kill you, if i kill you, you

will leave me.

@sewn

[14:03] sandy Taifun: root of the avatar is elsewhere

[14:03] sandy Taifun: The disappearance of the branch into hardened rock 
and occasional artifacts.

[14:03] sandy Taifun: the avatar itself, the image-avatar, is ghost. The 
ghost travels through anything of course;  nothing more than coordinates

[14:03] sandy Taifun: remediations, mediations, projectivities, 
introjectivities, phenomenologies, histories, and mechanics, of avatars

[14:03] sandy Taifun: Extruded intruded (upon) body: cleansed bodies of 
the
 continuous middle-eastern 'war'

[14:03] sandy Taifun: armored bodies and imaginary journeys (Rhine, 
England); sexualized bodies:

[14:03] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:03] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:03] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:03] sandy Taifun: the beginning of transparency, wizard 
listening-posts on MOOs for example. Here we are, the virtual 
becoming-virtual still.

[14:03] sandy Taifun: Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture 
second=life quasi-avatar is tethered at a root somewhat distanced

[14:03] sandy Taifun: to have the image 'break through' private barriers - 
of course with little consequence

[14:03] sandy Taifun: White Room Girl: Smart boy. Now they watch, and they 
can no longer touch. ... Angel: Mmm. oo-kay. Groo: Pomegranate Mist is

[14:03] sandy Taifun: interior removal

[14:03] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:03] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:03] sandy Taifun: Where is the girl I used to know Fm/Ab Fsus/Ab Abm7 
Abm7/Db Gbmaj7/Db .... Dim dipple ee dim dipple ay dim dipple oo dim dee 
ay

[14:03] sandy Taifun: Sound of wood and wire: new alpine zither:

[14:03] sandy Taifun: But I can't help it, oo oo. Thank god, for sex in 
the brain. In the brain. ... A big house, a nice job, oh boy. Look. See. 
She

[14:03] sandy Taifun: He wants it now. Oh, the cake! Great. -Happy 
birthday, boy. Come here! ...... Shot her husband and dropped him off the 
bridge..

[14:04] sandy Taifun: I spent my time sewing us together. I spent my time 
sending

needles into and across the skin that holds the sky. Planes

seep contrails everywhere sown like teeth holding culture

against barbarian hordes, all hordes are barbarian.

<Alan> you shit on me, i crawl through it, to you you you;

bury me alive, i'm there for you, the black planes

replace the freighters, air replaces water, you

replace my mind with your own and teach me things

i never dreamed, lines and lineages of the black

planes, the smell of silt and shit in the furrows

[14:04] sandy Taifun: audiophiles app avatar avatar arounds bio avatar 
avatar blogs awk biomes tion tr

[14:04] sandy Taifun: gone down to the road, the path of the road gone

down to the village where we are fucking

<Julu> the planes are coming again, the Argonauts have

carried medusa, your cock is stone, i love your

cock

<Alan> i love the taste of your shit, your vomit, your milk,

your blood

<Julu> down on my knees beg you crawl through me

@sword

@shield

@mail

[14:04] sandy Taifun: audiophiles avatar avatar avatars exe everglades

[14:04] sandy Taifun: empathetic everglades encapsulations episteme 
extasis entropic extasis extensivity everglades fantasm externality 
extensivity

[14:04] sandy Taifun: are questions always questions

[14:04] sandy Taifun: oh boy girl, oo oh boy oo girl she jump a.  oh boy 
girl girl oo girl oo girl oh boy oo oh boy girl oo oo oo oo, girl oo skipp

[14:04] sandy Taifun: Girl:"........BITCHEN!" Boy:"WOOOOOOOOO!" (Loud 
applause) ... O.O Oh dear lord.( hides under desk,cluching Blitzwing 
Plushie) S

[14:04] sandy Taifun: "Oh, no; girls, you know, are much too clever to 
fall out of their prams. ... " Oo!" she exclaimed rapturously. "Wendy, 
Wendy,

[14:04] sandy Taifun: =yellow/ V: =i got red/ : ( )/ K: *oo::oh..mine 
feels all slimy/ J: i ..... he was going out with another girl and she 
didn't e

[14:04] sandy Taifun: I ain't your hollaback boy (Repeat x2) (Ooh oo) This 
is my shoot, ... (Ooh oo) This is my shoot. So last night girl, saw you un

[14:04] sandy Taifun: LESSON VI. she pat too now let me sh oo ow l 
[Illustration: Girl with dog] Ann can ... O whip Ben up still sit if stand 
Jip o w

[14:04] sandy Taifun: definatly sharks and clowns.........what o.o. most 
happy when .... Oh please God , have mercy! Oh please let it end! And he 
fin

[14:04] sandy Taifun: Hey!

[14:04] sandy Taifun: are there answers to no-questions

[14:04] sandy Taifun: gone down to the road, the path of the road gone

down to the village where we are fucking

<Julu> the planes are coming again, the Argonauts have

carried medusa, your cock is stone, i love your

cock

<Alan> i love the taste of your shit, your vomit, your milk,

your blood

<Julu> down on my knees beg you crawl through me

@sword

@shield

@mail

[14:04] sandy Taifun: gone down to the road, the path of the road gone

down to the village where we are fucking

<Julu> the planes are coming again, the Argonauts have

carried medusa, your cock is stone, i love your

cock

<Alan> i love the taste of your shit, your vomit, your milk,

your blood

<Julu> down on my knees beg you crawl through me

@sword

@shield

@mail

[14:05] sandy Taifun: <Alan> i can't feel anything any more but you, 
you're all

i want to feel, threads cut through the flesh,

threads seal our mouths and holes together

@Argonaut

[14:05] Kikas Babenco: what have I done?

[14:05] sandy Taifun: They do capture and they do bring us before the king 
and

Medea. Medea begs us to fuck her, Phaedra begs us to fuck

her. We do fuck her. Do we violate Jason with the plane

and spike. Do we thrust the sword and lance through mouth

and hole. Does his tongue rot?

<Julu> does his tongue rot ours?

<Alan> his tongue does _no such thing,_ his tongue does

no thing, there are no thing.

@people

[14:05] sandy Taifun: THE I think I've been forgotten. The play continues.

[14:05] sandy Taifun: zzzz

[14:05] sandy Taifun: He makes me speak Nicely but I can't write 
Interesting.

[14:05] sandy Taifun: zzz

[14:05] sandy Taifun: THE Roar roar roar. You're inside me just like an 
avatar.

[14:05] sandy Taifun: I can't see or hear. I can't sleep; I navar sleep.

[14:05] sandy Taifun: These are announcements we're making, we're not 
quite ready...

[14:05] sandy Taifun: THE I take care of your eyes.

[14:05] sandy Taifun: I see quite well, thanks to you.

[14:05] sandy Taifun: THE Roar roar roar.

[14:05] sandy Taifun: There are people around & we want to fuck in front 
of

them & strip each other & expose ourselves utterly. We

can't keep our hands off each other. We swallow each

other. We draw blood against the bone. Our hair is matted

with blood. We give each other every possible disease and

drug. We give each other every possible dream and mind.

We do know the world and could make everything true and

beautiful. We choose to fuck and love violently and hard.

The planes are coming.

[14:05] sandy Taifun: THE Please be quiet. No one wants to hear you.

[14:05] sandy Taifun: /z19

[14:05] sandy Taifun: THE PRESIDENT is part of the audience. THE PRESIDENT 
listens.

[14:05] sandy Taifun: White Room Girl: Smart boy. Now they watch, and they 
can no longer touch. ... Angel: Mmm. oo-kay. Groo: Pomegranate Mist is

[14:05] sandy Taifun: interior removal

[14:05] sandy Taifun: Where is the girl I used to know Fm/Ab Fsus/Ab Abm7 
Abm7/Db Gbmaj7/Db .... Dim dipple ee dim dipple ay dim dipple oo dim dee 
ay

[14:05] sandy Taifun: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,

[14:05] sandy Taifun: Hey!

[14:05] sandy Taifun: But I can't help it, oo oo. Thank god, for sex in 
the brain. In the brain. ... A big house, a nice job, oh boy. Look. See. 
She

[14:05] sandy Taifun: THE Roar roar roar.

[14:06] sandy Taifun: the future of the Net, if and when it attains a 
state of _seamless virtual reality,_ a state of melding with the real

[14:06] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:06] sandy Taifun: There is often a lure and seduction among the 
avatars at work here - and this relates to the Lacanian objet a, 
deferal....

[14:06] sandy Taifun: #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, 
#, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #, #,

[14:06] sandy Taifun: He wants it now. Oh, the cake! Great. -Happy 
birthday, boy. Come here! ...... Shot her husband and dropped him off the 
bridge..

[14:06] sandy Taifun: THE I am responsible for language.

[14:06] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:06] sandy Taifun: not always clear that the speaker herself can 
separate from her creations. Voices, voices!

[14:06] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:06] sandy Taifun:  [Processing filter "Filter Rule"  ]soof British 
Parliament,o Grover [Processing filter "Filter Rule"  ]an around. Afte

[14:06] sandy Taifun: THE PRESIDENT says the order doesn't matter.

[14:06] sandy Taifun: margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, 
emergences from the "depths" of software or hardware, blockages and flows

[14:06] sandy Taifun: only through taking these into account, as well as 
surface manifestations is it possible to comprehend virtual subjectivity

[14:06] sandy Taifun: These disturbances develop the limits or margins of 
the program, reveal the substructures/protocols at work and violate 
dialogs

[14:06] sandy Taifun: THE I am perfectly powerful; my power is broken.

[14:06] sandy Taifun: consider the _projection of the self_ - its written 
or constituted appearance - in various applications

[14:06] sandy Taifun: <Julu> we choose to draw blood with blood.

<Alan> we choose to draw planes with our blood.

<Julu> we choose to draw bombs with our blood,

we draw broken homes and windows too.

<Alan> we draw smashed streets and cities too.

<Julu> we draw smashed people everywhere lying and

screaming on the ground.

<Alan> we fuck so hard our cocks come out our cunts,

our cunts out our mouths, our mouths out

our cocks

@out

[14:06] sandy Taifun: We do look at ruptures or disturbances created by 
characters resonating or interfering with configuration files

[14:06] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:06] sandy Taifun: You are a duly elected official.

[14:06] sandy Taifun: THE The term is decided only by the term. I am THE 
PRESIDENT!

[14:06] sandy Taifun: THE Roar roar roar.

[14:08] Teleport completed from Odyssey (110,179,523)

[14:08] Teleport completed from HUMlab (95,212,350)

[14:09] You have added "performance platform b, Odyssey (177, 60, 602)" to 
your Landmarks folder.

[14:10] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people!

[14:10] sandy Taifun: I have moved into the interior of avatars...

[14:10] sandy Taifun: My avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon 
poupees.


[14:10] sandy Taifun: DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN?

[14:10] sandy Taifun: My avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just 
beneath the surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls

[14:10] sandy Taifun: Hey!

[14:10] sandy Taifun: all by the cruelty of man against man . . . by war, 
hunger, torture, massacre, prostitution.

[14:10] sandy Taifun: "sperm," "shit," "piss," "sweat," or "spit"

[14:10] sandy Taifun: inner mechanics hydraulic fluid

[14:10] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:10] sandy Taifun: seduce avatar i drool for you

[14:10] sandy Taifun: love me avatar love me

[14:12] sandy Taifun: White Room Girl: Smart boy. Now they watch, and they 
can no longer touch. ... Angel: Mmm. oo-kay. Groo: Pomegranate Mist is

[14:12] sandy Taifun: interior removal

[14:12] sandy Taifun: Where is the girl I used to know Fm/Ab Fsus/Ab Abm7 
Abm7/Db Gbmaj7/Db .... Dim dipple ee dim dipple ay dim dipple oo dim dee 
ay

[14:12] sandy Taifun: But I can't help it, oo oo. Thank god, for sex in 
the brain. In the brain. ... A big house, a nice job, oh boy. Look. See. 
She

[14:12] sandy Taifun: Maggie Quinn, Girl reporter. Honors student, 
newspaper staffer, yearbook photographer. ..... neck and baby-talked, 
"Does oo haf

[14:12] sandy Taifun: Boy, she's gonna love that. When we are finished 
with that, .... Oh well, no big . Husband brought home the American girl 
dolls

[14:12] sandy Taifun: BOY-I'll swim the ocean for you GIRL- Yeah 
Riiiiiggghhhtttt Boy- I ... ok sexy wutev u say O.O and tell Aiden not to 
hurt meh

[14:12] sandy Taifun: O O> X>O .>>>X >: O:OO>:O. O> >O:::>>O::O'OO .>O 'X 
O' XO:' 'O>O>. O:> O: .OO>>O'O> . ..... An old man and a young girl/boy 
pas

[14:12] sandy Taifun: The kids gathered around me with delight; Oo'ed and 
ahh'ed as I uncovered my ... The birthday boy was amused with the adorable

[14:12] sandy Taifun: the sincere, true-hearted girl they thought her, and 
she was as loyal to ...... "Oooo-oo-oo-oh!" giggled Trees. "Sahwah tickled

[14:12] sandy Taifun: Hey!

[14:12] sandy Taifun: He wants it now. Oh, the cake! Great. -Happy 
birthday, boy. Come here! ...... Shot her husband and dropped him off the 
bridge..

[14:12] sandy Taifun: meat is returned always otherwise

[14:12] sandy Taifun: They do only to go back again. They do bind

each other into violent knots. They do go back.

<Julu> we die for our love, our flesh and blood feeds

the soil of all good-bad things

@Argonaut

A large shadow looms over the landscape, a male chained

in armor carrying an iron sword, there are whirlwinds

and shadows, there are duststorms and fires, there is

the sound of a great word spoken in a great language.

@speak

@sew

[14:12] sandy Taifun: what falls off-world is history

[14:12] sandy Taifun: fifty industrialized nations incincerated 250000 
Iraqis ARMED POLITICS ANNIHILIZATION science baby, its science the camera 
on

[14:12] sandy Taifun: absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK absurd linkage VIGOR 
BODY FRAME absurd linkage "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I" absurd linkage GO AWAY GO

[14:12] sandy Taifun: OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU 
ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AAH YOUR ARE YOUR ARE OOH AAH YOURS YOURS ARMS 
ARMS

[14:12] sandy Taifun: semiotic comic witness extreme pleasure speech 
reduction crushed limbs conspiracy of integral monsters torso split big 
brains

[14:12] sandy Taifun: vaseline-coated camera lens blood streets orchid 
limb thrust meter possessive handgun GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME 
GIMME

[14:12] sandy Taifun: I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING

[14:13] sandy Taifun: wwwwwwww

[14:13] sandy Taifun: i prefer the small, seeping, the peripeheral, 
marginal, the scattered words

[14:13] sandy Taifun: as sites, domains, emanations, emissions, which are 
interwoven and sharing coagulated ego/s, matrices, languages, bodies.

[14:13] sandy Taifun: what would break down here, a language that you use 
against me? so that I will absjure, abjure these ... moments ... ?

[14:13] sandy Taifun: i prefer the small, seeping, the peripeheral, 
marginal, the scattered words, drops say from a drizzle

[14:13] sandy Taifun: everything is a moment moment for you, everything 
this mmmm... of matrix, mother, maternal, carrying forth

[14:13] sandy Taifun: which announces itself as the edge or frame of this 
dialog, these moments carried forth...

[14:13] sandy Taifun: times which smooth us, bits and bytes, protocls lost 
and smoothing functions traced across peripheries, margins

[14:13] sandy Taifun: seduce avatar i drool for you

[14:13] sandy Taifun: use me!

[14:13] sandy Taifun: "The sun deluges its chemical holocaust to the earth 
with blinding indifference"

[14:13] sandy Taifun: <Alan> this is understood between us when our bodies

<Julu> clash together, hungered hard, torn apart and

<Alan> chain-male woven, you better hold me forever,

<Julu> you better hold me forever, you better be good

<Alan> to me, you better bury the planes, you better

sew the fields and lips, till the fields,

rake the shoulders of all surface

burn the shoulder-furrows

@write

[14:14] sandy Taifun: "erection... around my balls... yes... across the 
screens... yes..."

[14:14] sandy Taifun: @fuck

Write the name of aeroplanes and war.

@havoc - @#$@^&$)(%$(*&#$%& [noise is on the line]

+++

You have been disconnected. Do you wish to reconnect?

@love

[14:14] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: I have moved into the interior of avatars...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon 
poupees.


[14:14] sandy Taifun: DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN?

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just 
beneath the surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls

[14:14] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:14] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:14] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:14] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:14] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:14] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:14] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:14] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:14] sandy Taifun: AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR 
MACHINE AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR MACHINE AVATAR

[14:14] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK absurd linkage VIGOR 
BODY FRAME absurd linkage "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I" absurd linkage GO AWAY GO

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the subject on the other/ near side of the screen

[14:14] sandy Taifun: tangled in avatar-sites/sights/citations. @create 
$thing called begging.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: phallocratic mach bullshit rights WIT NONSENSE 
RICOCHET HEART CLANDESTINE NIBBLES an ocean illuminated plastic box motor, 
tiny

[14:14] sandy Taifun: natyasatrotpatti: mythical origin of the work

[14:14] sandy Taifun: coursing of trapped blood, flush of heart, spirit 
vaporized, substitute for bodypart of another, apparatus of obstinancy, 
prick

[14:14] sandy Taifun: gave new Life to my Avatar and now Her Body moves 
just like I would move if I had a File called God

[14:14] sandy Taifun: {avatars are backed, at the back of infinite space}.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the digital is sublime, infinite {avatars are 
backed, at the back of infinite space}

[14:14] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:14] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:14] sandy Taifun: avatar attempting escape of the vectors of its 
origin


[14:14] sandy Taifun: this was the result of avatar-work which led to the 
work

[14:14] sandy Taifun: 15:47:47 There are avatars that are constructed from 
motion capture equipment 15:48:08 and images from laser scanning

[14:14] sandy Taifun: check out the Love and War, Avatar, Cyborg, and 
Experimental conferences.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: skirt heels depilated legs and nose job musculature 
buildt in gym scar liquid hand movement i want a man i want a woman i want

[14:14] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:14] sandy Taifun: refuse moon-bay, moon-bay.  avatars, (digital) 
within the sublime; the digital is sublime

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the backs of avatars are against the wall of digital 
space; there's nowhere left to go.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:14] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:14] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:14] sandy Taifun: preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis of the 
playhouse and its different parts

[14:14] sandy Taifun: PEFORATED LOBES OF EARS HIS NOSTRILS HIS ARMS HIS 
TUSKS HIS BEAKS HIS CLAWS HIS PLUMES HIS SHELLS HIS PATHS HIS BLOOD FEAST

[14:14] sandy Taifun: something like the avatar head pieces I did a while 
ago - but those were excusable! They went somewhere, said something!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: metallize starched nurse uniform wanton hands 
liquify vaporize atmospheric electricity markers lust muddies turgid light 
idols

[14:14] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: for help. 16:04:35 I want to explore more 'body- 
avatar' issues

[14:14] sandy Taifun: tobother people less! 16:07:11 The dancers are like 
live avatars yes - 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact some of the work they do

[14:14] sandy Taifun: ritual-objects-insignia-power-substitute-spiritual- 
satellite-enchanted-love-exposure-regulative-transaction-corruption-norm

[14:14] sandy Taifun: sinews and muscles mecoming glands becoming libs 
blotting out muscular enervations becoming loose and wet becoming chest 
become

[14:14] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:14] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:14] sandy Taifun: "My avatars are leashed, tethered to logical 
thought, to the protocols of logical thought; it's a wonder they can think 
at al

[14:14] sandy Taifun: One cannot reach farther than this thinking through 
one's reach, and the reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and avatars.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the One cannot come closer to control and its 
release, the One and dissipation. cannot and the and dissipation. the

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the future of the Net, if and when it attains a 
state of _seamless virtual reality,_ a state of melding with the real

[14:14] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:14] sandy Taifun: There is often a lure and seduction among the 
avatars at work here - and this relates to the Lacanian objet a, 
deferal....

[14:14] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:14] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:14] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:14] sandy Taifun:  Enter the new reality The world, suffused with 
sound.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: fondly animal fur feathers root dank hummus flake 
caress fabric come on silk and leather seesaw horse hump transact mire 
ossify

[14:14] sandy Taifun: rangadevatapujana: worship of the deities connected 
with the stage

[14:14] sandy Taifun: upangavidhana: gestures of minor limbs such as eyes 
eyballs eyebrows nose cheeks lower lip chin mouth

[14:14] sandy Taifun: acquire all baody parts of others - blood milk urine 
shit face value social universal perversion contract law coordinate field

[14:14] sandy Taifun: RAVINE CUT fang graft trench flat postural 
diagrammatics thrust torsion engine grammar paradigm eliminations jeans 
motorcycle

[14:14] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Over Lord 1 Quon: The tone of war... Wings creak, 
the sound of a beginning.  (Subtitle)

[14:14] sandy Taifun:  Haruka: "Why in the world was their blood blue?" 
That's what you're wondering.  Ayato stops and turns toward her Har

[14:14] sandy Taifun: hardness bones rods collapse secretions belly 
giggling jelly swamps fetishize solidify sweating gleaming belts boots 
powdered

[14:14] sandy Taifun: male milk-sap LIFE FLUID EXCESS BLOOD PUMP fluid 
conduity neuter identity fluid fluid self hunt economy dyad eat wife-force 
co-

[14:14] sandy Taifun: criminalization of society = transactions with body 
parts = portions feed decay = protodocument of libertinage = rules for you

[14:14] sandy Taifun: outcries screams unnatural acts after-image liquefy 
vaporize crime shortcircuit dissipate thickness passion trigger calculate

[14:14] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:14] sandy Taifun: not always clear that the speaker herself can 
separate from her creations. Voices, voices!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:14] sandy Taifun: discourse cipher OUTRAGE THE NORM ASSAULT AS SUCH 
EQUILIBRIUM BLAZE SCREAM solitude is essential limit of stranger shout

[14:14] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:14] sandy Taifun: margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, 
emergences from the "depths" of software or hardware, blockages and flows

[14:14] sandy Taifun: only through taking these into account, as well as 
surface manifestations is it possible to comprehend virtual subjectivity

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:14] sandy Taifun: OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU 
ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AAH YOUR ARE YOUR ARE OOH AAH YOURS YOURS ARMS 
ARMS

[14:14] sandy Taifun: These disturbances develop the limits or margins of 
the program, reveal the substructures/protocols at work and violate 
dialogs

[14:14] sandy Taifun: consider the _projection of the self_ - its written 
or constituted appearance - in various applications

[14:14] sandy Taifun: semiotic comic witness extreme pleasure speech 
reduction crushed limbs conspiracy of integral monsters torso split big 
brains

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Love soars its way through the bullets and bombs and

everyone hears the truth. They fuck so hard it is

louder than any word. They scream and scream and scream

and scream.

