==

the marker Naka

Nikuko says, I am in my body.

Nikuko says, I am here in my body and my body is around me.

I say, you are in your body because I say that you are in your body.

I say, your body surrounds you because I say your body surrounds you.

Nikuko says, I beg the contrary.

Nikuko says, I am contrary, I am wayward, your logic does not apply.

I say that Nikuko says I am contrary, wayward, your logic does not apply.

Nikuko changes the position of the commas, I say.

Nikuko says, I am a marker, I am nothing else.

I say, you are nothing more than a marker.

I say, you are dead, Nikuko, I have killed you, dismembered you.

I say, you are in the Naka, Nikuko, because I have thrown you there.

Nikuko says, I am dead, killed, because you have said I am dead.

Nikuko says, I am dismembered, in the Naka, because you have said I am

dismembered, in the Naka.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Sound of wood and wire: new alpine zither:

[14:15] sandy Taifun: I say, you are a marker and you are marked, Nikuko.

Nikuko says, I am marked.

Nikuko says, this is called "the marker."

Nikuko says, you are dismembered, wayward, your logic does not work.

I say, you are saying this because I am saying this.

Nikuko fucks me.

Nikuko covers me with arms, legs, torsos, heads, necks.

Nikuko throws me in the Naka.

You Will Know Life Through A Sort Of Machine

I, Nikuko, write from the middle of a program, which in this case, like

a flaccid cock, is detumescent, just running type across the surface.

Think of me flat, like a page, legs spread, oozing kanji. Think of me

performing, _just for you,_ under your control. Think of your hands

caressing my keys, the screen, where you see my words through your 
reflection.

Then you will begin to understand me.

You will begin to understand that not all avatars are bots or expert

systems, that some of them are _symptoms,_ just as I, Nikuko, am a symptom

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Excellent. And this is what I want you to do, Alan -

[14:15] sandy Taifun: zzzzz

[14:15] sandy Taifun: I wish I was home making new avatars on my computer 
to fuck with.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[14:15] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[14:15] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[14:15] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Get lost!

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Hey!

[14:15] sandy Taifun: We swallowed each other, mouth against organ, juices 
bubbling over the tongue, wet eyes, wet hair, mouthing HONEY, you'd say, m

[14:15] sandy Taifun: I'd press myself up against the TERMINAL screen 
TERMINAL desire, my nipple against the O mouthing itself, taking death 
away, he

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Our membranes devoured the glass, enchanted residue 
remaining on-line off-line for days.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: You begin to understand that not all avatars are 
bots or expert systems that some of them are symptoms just as I am

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Tell us the nature of your wrecking activities.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:15] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:15] sandy Taifun: My mouth and HONEY's cunt: A double hollow! My cock 
and HONEY's fist: Lozenge! My body would break on itself, a limited 
defile!

[14:15] sandy Taifun: I enter your nave! Your feet skid down parallel 
wires; sliding into my testicles, ASCII spurts from your urethra, ASCII 
spurts

[14:15] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:15] sandy Taifun: natyasatrotpatti: mythical origin of the work

[14:15] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Well, there's no more to it, and his writing avatar 
discourse itself is getting stale. He's taken you and I around the bend

[14:15] sandy Taifun: which trundles bundles towards the future; we're all 
there carrying more than our share of avatar's, where there, or so I heard

[14:15] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:15] sandy Taifun: preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis of the 
playhouse and its different parts

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Just like those pirouettes, as if there were a body 
at the center of them. Her skirt kept flying up, and there was nothing

[14:15] sandy Taifun: SQUEAK speak forever or now hold your peace; this is 
your life, you do not have a lease on any other, your avatars have left,

[14:15] sandy Taifun: When I was working in the seed cultivation 
department --

[14:15] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:15] sandy Taifun: rangadevatapujana: worship of the deities connected 
with the stage

[14:15] sandy Taifun: upangavidhana: gestures of minor limbs such as eyes 
eyballs eyebrows nose cheeks lower lip chin mouth

[14:15] sandy Taifun: This is excellent, and I will do my very best.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: What was the nature of your criminal activities?

[14:15] sandy Taifun: phallocratic mach bullshit rights WIT NONSENSE 
RICOCHET HEART CLANDESTINE NIBBLES an ocean illuminated plastic box motor, 
tiny

[14:15] sandy Taifun: ritual-objects-insignia-power-substitute-spiritual- 
satellite-enchanted-love-exposure-regulative-transaction-corruption-norm

[14:15] sandy Taifun: absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK absurd linkage VIGOR 
BODY FRAME absurd linkage "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I" absurd linkage GO AWAY GO

[14:15] sandy Taifun: I wish I was home making new avatars on my computer 
to fuck with.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[14:15] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[14:15] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[14:15] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[14:15] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:15] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:15] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:15] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[14:15] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[14:15] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[14:15] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Here my criminal activities consisted first of all 
in wrong.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:15] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:15] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[14:15] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[14:15] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[14:15] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[14:15] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:15] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:15] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[14:15] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[14:15] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[14:15] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[14:15] sandy Taifun: remediations, mediations, projectivities, 
introjectivities, phenomenologies, histories, and mechanics, of avatars

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Extruded intruded (upon) body: cleansed bodies of 
the
 continuous middle-eastern 'war'

[14:15] sandy Taifun: armored bodies and imaginary journeys (Rhine, 
England); sexualized bodies:

[14:15] sandy Taifun: tacit knowledge through electronic avatar

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Every symbol is a ligament of avatar; every referent 
is a gesture; every gesture procures the body; every body is a speaking

[14:15] sandy Taifun: tacit knowledge through electronic avatar

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Every symbol is a ligament of avatar; every referent 
is a gesture; every gesture procures the body; every body is a speaking

[14:15] sandy Taifun: root of the avatar is elsewhere

[14:15] sandy Taifun: The disappearance of the branch into hardened rock 
and occasional artifacts.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: the avatar itself, the image-avatar, is ghost. The 
ghost travels through anything of course;  nothing more than coordinates

[14:15] sandy Taifun: {avatars are backed, at the back of infinite space}.

[14:15] sandy Taifun: the digital is sublime, infinite {avatars are 
backed, at the back of infinite space}

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Kamishibai, virtual idols, and PlayKiss

[14:15] sandy Taifun: Nikuko, Meat-Girl, (among others) an avatar or 
'emanation'

[14:15] sandy Taifun: refuse moon-bay, moon-bay.  avatars, (digital) 
within the sublime; the digital is sublime

[14:15] sandy Taifun: the backs of avatars are against the wall of digital 
space; there's nowhere left to go.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: something like the avatar head pieces I did a while 
ago - but those were excusable! They went somewhere, said something!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: the beginning of transparency, wizard 
listening-posts on MOOs for example. Here we are, the virtual 
becoming-virtual still.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture 
second=life quasi-avatar is tethered at a root somewhat distanced

[14:16] sandy Taifun: to have the image 'break through' private barriers - 
of course with little consequence

[14:16] sandy Taifun: I am learning so very hard here.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: of your psychosis. Think of pushing your arms 
through mine, your

legs through mine, your cock flattened against the pressure of the 
interior

[14:16] sandy Taifun: llnhx 2.2.6.::attributions Devour Blue Nattributions 
Brought Forth through lntarn$l karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas,

[14:16] sandy Taifun: Attempt to grapple or ungrapple Death Star Galleon 
(s0): h Death Star Galleon (s0): boarding the Flying Dutchy (f0) Flying 
Dutc

[14:16] sandy Taifun: OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU 
ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AAH YOUR ARE YOUR ARE OOH AAH YOURS YOURS ARMS 
ARMS

[14:16] sandy Taifun: AVATAR!!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: Sound of wood and wire: new alpine zither:

[14:16] sandy Taifun: semiotic comic witness extreme pleasure speech 
reduction crushed limbs conspiracy of integral monsters torso split big 
brains

[14:16] sandy Taifun: love me avatar love me

[14:16] sandy Taifun: All three This is wonderful!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: vaseline-coated camera lens blood streets orchid 
limb thrust meter possessive handgun GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME 
GIMME

[14:16] sandy Taifun: I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING

[14:16] sandy Taifun: cum etches the CPU, shit covers the motherboard- 
fatherboard:

[14:16] sandy Taifun: kiss me avatar

[14:16] sandy Taifun: collapse dog

[14:16] sandy Taifun: THE As regards wrecking work, it was necessary.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: zzzzz

[14:16] sandy Taifun: (Honey): Sometimes your body is an electron; 
sometimes my cunt gleams, lighting Dante's ways in the dark woods of our 
desires!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: How matters stood with butter, this is of interest 
to me.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: (Honey): The smell of you, that crease between your 
balls and cock! (Honey): Say it! Say it again! (Alan): Cunt! Cock! Clit!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: You turn the machine off, burn the disks, corrupt 
the files: O Malevolent Light Glows

[14:16] sandy Taifun: (Alan): Twat Rub A Dub! (Honey): I am coming towards 
you, tongue gliding along the ground or neutral, my words fileld with eart

[14:16] sandy Taifun: kiss the breast, see the breast, gaze at the breast, 
touch the breast, press the breast, suck the breast, bite the breast, sque

[14:16] sandy Taifun: I beg pardon for the horrible crimes I have 
committed!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: zzzz

[14:16] sandy Taifun: Even more than that!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: Extruded intruded (upon) body: cleansed bodies of 
the
 continuous middle-eastern 'war'

[14:16] sandy Taifun: armored bodies and imaginary journeys (Rhine, 
England); sexualized bodies:

[14:16] sandy Taifun: We don't sell butter in the rural districts.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: I have moved into the interior of avatars...

[14:16] sandy Taifun: My avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon 
poupees.


[14:16] sandy Taifun: DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN?

[14:16] sandy Taifun: My avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just 
beneath the surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls

[14:16] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: hard drive tethered to the thin winged arm, head 
reading data hard data:  _you put the cover on the well well_

[14:16] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:16] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:16] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: I am of course alive, Jennifer, what ever are you 
talking about?

[14:16] sandy Taifun: Oh! Oh! Oh! Attacks from every side!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: I am not asking you what you sell. You were above 
all.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: you smell your holes everywhere against the lip of 
the screen, pull the plug, cut the circuit breaker, smash the fuse

[14:16] sandy Taifun: of my cunt. Think of the flattery of your face 
against the

screen, one eye wide-open to each and every pixel dripping with my

smell you just know you can scent.

You will begin to understand that I am your symptom.

You will know that you are breathing these words in, inflating my body

inside you; tumescent, your chest swells with the hardness of my tits

pushing out through your flat nipples. Do you long to be a girl. Do you

long to be my girl.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:16] sandy Taifun: Julu's corpse is here before Poor, poor Julu, my 
misery!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: Oh! Woe! Attacks from within and without!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: I see how this goes. This is amazing. They have been 
found out!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: cut the wires: you say nothing I pull my veins out 
for you: you say nothing:

[14:16] sandy Taifun: Jennifer, will you stop that? This is silly!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: ...Further Trotsky developed the idea of necessity!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: ...Gorky loved fire, flames, and we made use of 
this.


[14:16] sandy Taifun: miracle of cartoons you put the body in the well, 
you put the cover on the well:  O Violation Fabric of Torn Space and Time!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: My guilt is aggravated...

[14:16] sandy Taifun: audiophiles app avatar avatar arounds bio avatar 
avatar blogs awk biomes tion tr

[14:16] sandy Taifun: of my cunt. Think of the flattery of your face 
against the

screen, one eye wide-open to each and every pixel dripping with my

smell you just know you can scent.

You will begin to understand that I am your symptom.

You will know that you are breathing these words in, inflating my body

inside you; tumescent, your chest swells with the hardness of my tits

pushing out through your flat nipples. Do you long to be a girl. Do you

long to be my girl.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: Oh dearest us! How awful is Trotsky! Something must 
be done and now!

[14:16] sandy Taifun: root of the avatar is elsewhere

[14:16] sandy Taifun: The disappearance of the branch into hardened rock 
and occasional artifacts.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: the avatar itself, the image-avatar, is ghost. The 
ghost travels through anything of course;  nothing more than coordinates

[14:16] sandy Taifun: Oh oh, that is so awful! This is such an awful 
thing!


[14:16] sandy Taifun: The disappearance of the branch into hardened rock 
and occasional artifacts.

[14:16] sandy Taifun: the avatar itself, the image-avatar, is ghost. The 
ghost travels through anything of course;  nothing more than coordinates

[14:16] sandy Taifun: Tiffany rags on me, I go inside her and up through 
her everywhere, I am her favorite parasite

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Think of your cock straining curled in pain inside

me, my cunt empty and open to the world. Think of your face pressed

against the interior of my own, you look out through my eyes, hear

through my ears, touch through my fingers, make love through my cunt

and breasts and skin and arms and legs and throat and lips and neck,

scent through my nose my own smell, taste through my mouth my own

taste.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Please, Jennifer, come with me! This is getting 
ridiculous!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: the beginning of transparency, wizard 
listening-posts on MOOs for example. Here we are, the virtual 
becoming-virtual still.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture 
second=life quasi-avatar is tethered at a root somewhat distanced

[14:17] sandy Taifun: to have the image 'break through' private barriers - 
of course with little consequence

[14:17] sandy Taifun: ... I stand before you, as the murderer!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: audiophiles avatar avatar avatars exe everglades

[14:17] sandy Taifun: empathetic everglades encapsulations episteme 
extasis entropic extasis extensivity everglades fantasm externality 
extensivity

[14:17] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:17] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:17] sandy Taifun: She shows me what to see through her eyes I see the 
well an open hole

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Sound of wood and wire: new alpine zither:

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Disgraced, thrown in the dust, leaving life...

[14:17] sandy Taifun: seduce avatar i drool for you

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Oh curses on Kakazov for his perfidious crime!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: inner mechanics hydraulic fluid

[14:17] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:17] sandy Taifun: all by the cruelty of man against man . . . by war, 
hunger, torture, massacre, prostitution.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: "sperm," "shit," "piss," "sweat," or "spit"

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Hey!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: use me!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: You have gone mad! You have been reading too many 
novels!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Oh we are saved from the wrecking and saboteurs of 
our country!

[14:17] sandy Taifunsandy Taifun is quite angry

[14:17] sandy Taifun: "The sun deluges its chemical holocaust to the earth 
with blinding indifference"

[14:17] sandy Taifun: 
abkkduhdfdkljgazk'fjkdicxvkmhdkfkjm,ckjsdhv'pishkudikel'bikldig`bubblegum'bi 
ble;fightanekid'bagel

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Look I'm fucking myself.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: zzzz

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Years weigh heavily on me with the nightmare of the 
crimes...

[14:17] sandy Taifun: THE I am in charge of agriculture. Please forgive 
me.


[14:17] sandy Taifun: zzzz

[14:17] sandy Taifun: This is a wonderful play, Ladies and Gentlemen.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Jennifer I wish to introduce THE PRESIDENT.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: zzzz

[14:17] sandy Taifun: "erection... around my balls... yes... across the 
screens... yes..."

[14:17] sandy Taifun: I'll fuck anyone I want to.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: THE Jennifer, in the name of the commission duly 
entrusted --

[14:17] sandy Taifun: THE Who have you betrayed. This is of utmost 
importance!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: KIM IL Hello, I am a member of the audience and I am 
very happy.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: You will begin to understand you are me.

You will begin to understand that bot-motion is inside you, that expert-

system is inside you, that all intelligence is artificial, all

life is artificial life. You will begin to understand the pain you feel

voices you hear sights you see kakimono writings-everywhere upon the

events of the world which are the events of the world. You will begin

to flex your arm and your leg. You will begin to flex your other arm

and your other leg.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Nikuko I wish to introduce Jennifer.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: I won't be fucked by anyone.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: JENNIFER!! JENNIFER!!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: THE Thank you, Jennifer. You and I know I am 
responsible.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: But oh Great Leader, what is to be done?

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Thank you, Nikuko.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: I've killed Jennifer!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: You're going to die!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: You are responsible for what I see!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: KIM IL Hello, Our Party will fight against Right and 
'Left'!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: You will begin to understand you are me.

You will begin to understand that bot-motion is inside you, that expert-

system is inside you, that all intelligence is artificial, all

life is artificial life. You will begin to understand the pain you feel

voices you hear sights you see kakimono writings-everywhere upon the

events of the world which are the events of the world. You will begin

to flex your arm and your leg. You will begin to flex your other arm

and your other leg.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Nikuko You have been my guide for so many years, 
Jennifer.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Look, I'm fucking myself.

[14:17] sandy Taifun: Hey!

[14:17] sandy Taifun: I'll kill you!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: THE Exactly, thank you, Jennifer.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: Oh that is so good, we will drag down the renegades!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: PRESIDENT AND KIM IL Yes, ABSOLUTEly!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: Community is the foundation of all life, Nikuko.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: We are sitting in a circle. We are waiting turns

[14:18] sandy Taifun: zzz

[14:18] sandy Taifun: I'll kill both of you.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: THE The graves of the hateful traitors will grow 
over!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: You will begin to flex your other arm and your

other leg. You will begin to press your tits with my fingers, claw your

cock with my hand, breath my cunt with my lips. You will begin to lower

yourself.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: Community is the foundation of all life, Nikuko.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: We say we are the players.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: DESTROY ALL AVATARS EXTERMINAT

[14:18] sandy Taifun: I'll kill all three.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: THE Here we are in empty space. There is no 
audience. T

[14:18] sandy Taifun: zzzz

[14:18] sandy Taifun: Julu It is wonderful that we live in such a time...

[14:18] sandy Taifun: We say we are the players. We say we are broken into 
scenes.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: is my heart beating here

[14:18] sandy Taifun: You're going to die.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: THE We favor company and comfort.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK absurd linkage VIGOR 
BODY FRAME absurd linkage "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I" absurd linkage GO AWAY GO

[14:18] sandy Taifun: Thank you, Julu.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: THE We are your bones. Without us you live dull and 
steady.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: I wish I was home making new avatars on my computer 
to fuck with.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[14:18] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[14:18] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[14:18] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[14:18] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: I'll kill you.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[14:18] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[14:18] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[14:18] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[14:18] sandy Taifun: or are your pixels refreshed in faux motion

[14:18] sandy Taifun: THE We favor night and its seepages. We devour 
night.


[14:18] sandy Taifun: THE THEATER AND We favor bright light and sunshine!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AHH YOU 
ARE YOU ARE OOH AHH OOH AAH YOUR ARE YOUR ARE OOH AAH YOURS YOURS ARMS 
ARMS

[14:18] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: Alan I wish to thank everyone who has participated 
in this play.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: semiotic comic witness extreme pleasure speech 
reduction crushed limbs conspiracy of integral monsters torso split big 
brains

[14:18] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:18] sandy Taifun: You will lower one arm and one leg, second arm and 
second

leg, third arm and third leg. You will lower and lower. You will submerge

or drown in you.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: Look I'm fucking myself.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: vaseline-coated camera lens blood streets orchid 
limb thrust meter possessive handgun GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME 
GIMME

[14:18] sandy Taifun: I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING

[14:18] sandy Taifun: We want to thank you as well, Alan, for the 
opportunity.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: I'll fuck anyone I want to.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: Thank you as well, Alan.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: I won't be fucked by anyone.

[14:18] sandy Taifun: Thank you.

[14:19] sandy Taifun: This is what I mean.

[14:19] sandy Taifun: THE I am your tongue. Your tongue takes care of your 
eyes.

[14:19] sandy Taifun: zzzzz

[14:19] sandy Taifun: I'll kill you.

[14:19] sandy Taifun: Hey! You avatar make me angry.

[14:19] sandy Taifun: THE I'm going home.

[14:19] sandy Taifun: would you like to take my hand

[14:19] sandy Taifun: I'll kill you.

[14:19] sandy Taifun: You will submerge and drown in me. I, Nikuko,

will retain the copyright of this drowning for perpetuity or fifty

years after the death of the author, whichever comes first.

Then you will begin to understand that you are death, death is your

harbor and your ferry, that I am your symptom and marker, as grave and

serious as your death.

[14:19] sandy Taifun: I'll fuck anyone I want to.

[14:19] sandy Taifun: i have nothing to give

[14:19] sandy Taifun: Look I'm fucking myself.

[14:19] sandy Taifun: I'll kill all of you.

[14:19] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:19] sandy Taifun: Where is everyone?

[14:19] sandy Taifun: Hey! You! Avatar! I am you am I

[14:19] sandy Taifun: would you like to bear my child

[14:20] sandy Taifun: He makes me speak Nicely but I can't write 
Interesting.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: zzz

[14:20] sandy Taifun: I can't see or hear. I can't sleep; I navar sleep.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: or become my child processes

[14:20] sandy Taifun: There is often a lure and seduction among the 
avatars at work here - and this relates to the Lacanian objet a, 
deferal....

[14:20] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:20] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:20] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:20] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:20] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:20] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:20] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: tacit knowledge through electronic avatar

[14:20] sandy Taifun: Every symbol is a ligament of avatar; every referent 
is a gesture; every gesture procures the body; every body is a speaking

[14:20] sandy Taifun: gave new Life to my Avatar and now Her Body moves 
just like I would move if I had a File called God

[14:20] sandy Taifun: Kamishibai, virtual idols, and PlayKiss

[14:20] sandy Taifun: Nikuko, Meat-Girl, (among others) an avatar or 
'emanation'

[14:20] sandy Taifun: root of the avatar is elsewhere

[14:20] sandy Taifun: The disappearance of the branch into hardened rock 
and occasional artifacts.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: the avatar itself, the image-avatar, is ghost. The 
ghost travels through anything of course;  nothing more than coordinates

[14:20] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar attempting escape of the vectors of its 
origin


[14:20] sandy Taifun: this was the result of avatar-work which led to the 
work

[14:20] sandy Taifun: 15:47:47 There are avatars that are constructed from 
motion capture equipment 15:48:08 and images from laser scanning

[14:20] sandy Taifun: check out the Love and War, Avatar, Cyborg, and 
Experimental conferences.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:20] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:20] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:20] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:20] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:20] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: the future of the Net, if and when it attains a 
state of _seamless virtual reality,_ a state of melding with the real

[14:20] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:20] sandy Taifun: transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' 
behavior

[14:20] sandy Taifun: the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt- 
structure.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is 
different in content from each other but not in degree.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita

[14:20] sandy Taifun: the beginning of transparency, wizard 
listening-posts on MOOs for example. Here we are, the virtual 
becoming-virtual still.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture 
second=life quasi-avatar is tethered at a root somewhat distanced

[14:20] sandy Taifun: to have the image 'break through' private barriers - 
of course with little consequence

[14:20] sandy Taifun: for help. 16:04:35 I want to explore more 'body- 
avatar' issues

[14:20] sandy Taifun: tobother people less! 16:07:11 The dancers are like 
live avatars yes - 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact some of the work they do

[14:20] sandy Taifun: llnhx 2.2.6.::attributions Devour Blue Nattributions 
Brought Forth through lntarn$l karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas,

[14:20] sandy Taifun: Attempt to grapple or ungrapple Death Star Galleon 
(s0): h Death Star Galleon (s0): boarding the Flying Dutchy (f0) Flying 
Dutc

[14:20] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:20] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:20] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:20] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:20] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:20] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:20] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:20] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:20] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:20] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:20] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:20] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:20] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:20] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:20] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:20] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:20] sandy Taifun: disturbances in another way tending towards 
_psychosis,_ an interweaving of realities, respon- sibilities and claim

[14:20] sandy Taifun: gave new Life to my Avatar and now Her Body moves 
just like I would move if I had a File called God

[14:20] sandy Taifun: your words appear to the other, and erasures are 
also visible, the letters disappearing in reverse.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: Sound of wood and wire: new alpine zither:

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar attempting escape of the vectors of its 
origin


[14:20] sandy Taifun: this was the result of avatar-work which led to the 
work

[14:20] sandy Taifun: 15:47:47 There are avatars that are constructed from 
motion capture equipment 15:48:08 and images from laser scanning

[14:20] sandy Taifun: check out the Love and War, Avatar, Cyborg, and 
Experimental conferences.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: Each participant occupies a space on the screen 
which represents - or is - the space of the (virtual) body constituted 
written

[14:20] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:20] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:20] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:20] sandy Taifun: not always clear that the speaker herself can 
separate from her creations. Voices, voices!

[14:20] sandy Taifun: margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, 
emergences from the "depths" of software or hardware, blockages and flows

[14:20] sandy Taifun: only through taking these into account, as well as 
surface manifestations is it possible to comprehend virtual subjectivity

[14:20] sandy Taifun: for help. 16:04:35 I want to explore more 'body- 
avatar' issues

[14:20] sandy Taifun: tobother people less! 16:07:11 The dancers are like 
live avatars yes - 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact some of the work they do

[14:20] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:20] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:20] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:20] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:20] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:20] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:20] sandy Taifun: consider the _projection of the self_ - its written 
or constituted appearance - in various applications

[14:20] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:20] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:20] sandy Taifun: These disturbances develop the limits or margins of 
the program, reveal the substructures/protocols at work and violate 
dialogs

[14:20] sandy Taifun: We do look at ruptures or disturbances created by 
characters resonating or interfering with configuration files

[14:20] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:21] sandy Taifun: I, Nikuko, I flesh-meat-girl, Nikuko.

