==

why I don't sign my name

anymore is because maybe it has been stolen

or who can pronounce it I mean

what's the pronouncement about because

it sneaks around to everyone

hello because someone has used it why

it can be reused hundreds of times as if

there's no end to it no end to this as well

which is why I don't sign my name anymore

because it's been-stolen-nikuko or so

she says just a moment someone's at

the door again at least I think I heard

someone knocking maybe it has to do with

the name thing what do you think-nikuko

does it have to do with the name thing

[14:14] sandy Taifun: o avatar, rise in the midst of maelstrom, sadness of 
cobalt plutonium sadness uranium sadness radium sadness

[14:14] sandy Taifun: - seriously, what covers the pain of completion, i 
am yours no more argon xenon neon, whirl me through you avatar

[14:14] sandy Taifun: i am your avatar i am your avatar of an 
infinnnnitude of drugs

[14:14] sandy Taifun: this file is sex avatar fuck avatar suck avatar cum 
avatar.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: this file is your avatar my knife skin avatar.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: if you watch a solo file of avatar this is the solo 
file sexatar to watch.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: tacit knowledge through electronic avatar

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Every symbol is a ligament of avatar; every referent 
is a gesture; every gesture procures the body; every body is a speaking

[14:14] sandy Taifun: We do look at ruptures or disturbances created by 
characters resonating or interfering with configuration files

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Avatars are always disturbances, always irruptions 
of language, a lang- uage portending _the raveling of existence and 
essence

[14:14] sandy Taifun: avatars created from cloth and wire held in 
suspension creating a perfect framework

[14:14] sandy Taifun: tabla/ture avatar motion capture combination the 
dialog:  Collapse options

[14:14] sandy Taifun: ghost avatar spectre doll faerie wraithe hobgoblin 
troll tengu kappa presence

[14:14] sandy Taifun: cloth stitch suture binding closing damming holding 
fabric velvet cotton wool silk

[14:14] sandy Taifun: "Consider the next smearing of your thinking 
skin.\n";

[14:14] sandy Taifun: I wish I was home making new avatars on my computer 
to fuck with.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: The avatar has to avoid the swords.  The swords make 
the avatar angry.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: avatar-meat from body motion-capture to digital 
representation to uncaptured body body remembering origins / scars < 
digital

[14:14] sandy Taifun: ancer ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital 
ancer igital ancer.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: every avatar is deconstructible

[14:14] sandy Taifun: every avatar has a level of deconstruction

[14:14] sandy Taifun: engineering and reverse engineering an avatar

[14:14] sandy Taifun: vaseline-coated camera lens blood streets orchid 
limb thrust meter possessive handgun GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME 
GIMME

[14:14] sandy Taifun: I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM DYING remaining suspended I SAY I AM 
DYING

[14:14] sandy Taifun: shades of avatars-- precognition of behavior 
collision avatar transparent interpenetration sex

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Kamishibai, virtual idols, and PlayKiss

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Nikuko, Meat-Girl, (among others) an avatar or 
'emanation'

[14:14] sandy Taifun: a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims 
cut.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: avatar-man talks. look inside he says. you can do 
it.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: tsukuri mashou, tsukuri mashou, sate sate nani ga 
dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is 
condemned.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: coagulating like limpets seas and jellies

[14:14] sandy Taifun: we are made, made, women, we have sounded, 
resonated, with each and every protocol, each and every space or site open 
to winds

[14:14] sandy Taifun: you've said that before, over and over again, as if 
repetition had no goal but the delibery of the interval...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: which bring about the semblance of a face, 
lineaments of eyes and mouths, speaking elsewhere, from the sides of 
things

[14:14] sandy Taifun: THE SURFACE! THE SEX! THE SHADOWS! THE ELEMENTS! THE 
PINK MUFFINS! THE COUCH OF THE EARTH! THE DUCK LIPS! THE MANDRAKES!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: a small creature half-hidden in red seaweed gleaming 
brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Re: Manipulated Chat ...  [-] Avatars, models, 
performers, d...  [-] Re: Avatars, models, perfor...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: ruptured mess of the avatars banged into one another 
maybe they fucked in any case whatever skin they had disappeared

[14:14] sandy Taifun: My avatars! My little people! They run around 
everywhere, underfoot. I will play a song, a little aire, a jig or 
rondelay!

[14:14] sandy Taifun: "one by one, each on a line alone, typing Control-d 
when done.\n";

[14:14] sandy Taifun: $name calls forth $a[$gen1] $noun[$non], hungered, 
making things.  $prep[$pre] the $a[$gen], $name is $a[$diff], $[$gen], 
$str?

[14:14] sandy Taifun: system("touch .trace; rev rope >> .trace"); 
system("rm rope");

[14:14] sandy Taifun: "Your inscription finished, you have created 
thing.", "\n\n" if 3 < $g;

[14:14] sandy Taifun: jellies and dark dreams, there is space enough for 
your soft limbs, for mine...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the matrix saves us, there is no beginning and 
ending, nothing but liquid pureness of language salvaging these spaces...

[14:14] sandy Taifun: my eyes is the corpse of light and color my nose is 
all that remains of odors when their unreality has been demonstrated

[14:14] sandy Taifun: llnhx 2.2.6.::attributions Devour Blue Nattributions 
Brought Forth through lntarn$l karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas,

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Attempt to grapple or ungrapple Death Star Galleon 
(s0): h Death Star Galleon (s0): boarding the Flying Dutchy (f0) Flying 
Dutc

[14:14] sandy Taifun: This just gets it started. Could the avatar push out 
infinitely into the unruptured catastrophic space of the edges

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Furious flight slammed against members-only 
barriers. The raw deal of equally infinite speed.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: construction torsion near avatar edge-space. the 
limits of avatar are the limits of world.

[14:14] sandy Taifun: avatar anorectic

[14:14] sandy Taifun: the light becomes the eye as such no longer 
stimulation of the retina world declares itself odorless song of the wind 
in trees

[14:14] sandy Taifun: Love soars its way through the bullets and bombs and

everyone hears the truth. They fuck so hard it is

louder than any word. They scream and scream and scream

and scream.

