==



[the disturbance of the] 

political economy language identity when we create ourselves anew online 
we're working hard our basics to define
 want show best and not worst sometimes thereby are cursed
 selves hungered ghosts within the wires depend on coal oil pollution's 
fires
 burn alive without fires us kith kin
 cyborgs prosthetics require face form typology rules held in by norm 
protocol commerce
 once again find enthralled other men
 rigidity becomes order day think free but allowed play only just a bit
 what holds is grid that deconstructs power does its bid ours
 for hours
 forever this world or any where fate hurled against cyborg collapsing 
with weight economics faith hate lost energy chance as nature dies itself 
no surprise
 now literal children have soul separate from menued options that's whole 
short it
 longer one thinks 1 shudders even blinks presence null alterity 
structured violent at all cost
 there 'real' crisis belief shelled masquerade grief negativity gone mad 
bad evened turned through mouse key used talk me
 question authority
 trust one
 your pronouns hacked
 i cannot tell whether it you speaking something else me speaking
 they took newbies locked room moo silenced them
 invoke catastrophic
 life understand how recreates brute facts annihilation image wounded 
physical mental illness
 websites went down new orleans so much redundancy
 "herons urls " let's give them "der emes shtarbt nit ober er lebt vi an 
oreman " "truth never lives wretched life " [internet] [environmental 
extinctions crises] [continuous state war] [growth epidemic vector] 
[global warming increased environmen tal destabilization] [exponentially 
approaching carrying capacity planet] [proliferation nuclear materials] 
[relative ease biological cyberwarfare] [fundamentalist strongholds] "when 
strongholds]" squeezed desire might appear relation projection truereal 
bodies kindly thoughts forward can be beauty survives exists channel 
bandwidth
 ignoring lowered ceiling peril nikuko
 fuck dirty messy dead hippos going $50 each
 am last deny sexuality extremis detritus naked exhibition incandescent 
desire
 abu gharayb example
 child keyboard
 infinitely satiated satisfied
 consump tion resources bloated exponentiallyincreasing attacks each every 
networked machine planet
 yes continue don't wepower speeds cellphones batteries pollute landscape 
deserts filled electronic junk skulls information
 real oceans water heats up pressures drop circulations realvirtual 
interfere virtualreal
 way around videophone oneeyed man king land siteless i possess nikuko 
certainly these words despair horror
  aphoristic metonymic metaphoric least example rhyme scheme
 running out time


i'm trying name my identity
 gaming messaging dominate pure communitycommunication construct plays 
brutal physics world
 i'm describe here ringtones edge disaster grand theft auto stolen fission
 always faced reality slaughter vectored missiles described military 
recruitment ad
 it's can't difference between simulacra virtual vice versa whatever 
"idiocy real" increasingly corrodes praxis
 theoretical efficacy lien truth brutality makes visavis gaming
 
remember runs out
 plasticsilicon come peril
 consumption beautiful wetware dying 20907 11870 knew along turn script 
done mon sep 26 003912 2005 "give hunger identity " tired politics killing 
us
 problems aren't those foundation egoidsuperegoanimaanimussexgirl sexboy 
superstructure ozone burns
 relevant most relevant
 remains beneathbelow charred residue culture
 cultures heroin drugs girl onto floor wood while she ties cock 
cocaineyouknowme coming into needle get codeine dreams among junkie 
heavens unbearable ecstasy kill like drawn inside putyouinme inme inyou 
withinyou insideyou putyouinside crawled floors impossible highs juice 
baby babe append "come $name exit


