
                  


chown 11/19/1999 11:59:59


my own, this is mine, this is really mine, this isn't yours, i invented
it, it's mine to do what i want with 8 chown 745 own 9 man chown 10 h 11
help own 12 h 13 who own 14 whence -v own, lovely my own my chown, help
own, help own me, my "very own place", 15 you are "my very own" 16 i "own
the alphabet" 17 this is my style why do you use it, why don't you ever
comment on it, why don't you talk to me, why do you leave me hanging like
a dead man in a gully, why do you leave me tethered like a beautiful
russian ballet dancer pirouetting, why do you leave me lusting like an
energized daishin, not found 18 why don't you read my language, why can't
you <i>see</i> my language, why do my bones show 19 why i invent language
from the ground up, from scratch, from primordial bits and bytes, from the
chown chown russian daishin Nov EST parenthetical, from tablature 20 Nov
19 11:59:59 EST 1999 20a perfect resonance of odd numbers 20b you never
talk about my work 20c you don't even read what i own 20d you don't let it
affect you in any way 20e you stuff my words down my throat 20f you don't
know how to read 21 from you to me 22 "my own take on things, then i'll
get back to you" 23 do you own me? 24 diacritical membrane spread across
the entities of the world: ownership 25 foreclosure across the skin-tab-
leaus of the body, circumscriptions 27 your name inscribed on me, "the tip
of the knife draws very little blood" 28 exchange of names 29 proper names
30 they're mine to do what i want with 31 is that a thing? 32 @create
$thing called touch 33 "from the ground up, mine" 34 chown, change file
owner and group 35

group 35, i own group 35



