


bad ending

 
this is your space, first space, new, almost glistening, think of it as
bright, shiny wed sep 22 01:52:23 edt 1999 think of lip or nub, this is
second space, it is here an origin unfolds, dark space rimmed with in-
choate sounds, sometimes come together in doubled subharmonics wed sep 22
01:53:33 edt 1999 this is third space, space of electron and organization,
space of speed and speech, oh after the bright and glistening, this is
fourth space, of memory, data and measure polytope, space of defining
borderline middle, space of region, space of sometimes dusk wed sep 22
01:54:50 edt 1999 in fifth space center appears, lost from origin, hardly
doubled, imagining the greatest wheel, beings chained, shadowed clouds
gather wed sep 22 01:55:39 edt 1999 towards sixth space appointing direc-
tions, winds begin, center disappears, unholding, beings fluttered in
vertical flight, space of memory, data acquisitions, tensor calculi and
wed sep 22 01:56:31 edt 1999 seventh space, comfort of center in the midst
of monsoons and thunders, debris tossed off the foam of grey-slate waves,
skies the colours of meteors wed sep 22 01:57:03 edt 1999 into the ninth
of planetary realms, for what remains in high wind but clutter, destruc-
tion of family photograph, history, talisman, it's here among the planets
mind begins to go, tears where thoughts gathered. the once. wed sep 22
01:59:17 edt 1999 tenth and now long walking, forgetting with fearful
eyes, tornado wed sep 22 01:59:48 edt 1999 i wonder i don't remember her
name ] 
       [ eighth space, unfolding of origin and body, limbs akimbo, nouns,
torn hurricane fabrics, tsunami restless and fast beneath the waves, doub-
ling of selves fearful plasma, endless roads, is it tenth or twelfth, what
is the rocking moon, where is the child living down the street wed sep 22
02:00:18 edt 1999 fourteenth or ninth, she was so sweet i wonder i don't
remember her name 

