



I love your feelings


I love your feelings, When I'm tired, and life's dreary / I wait for my
Julu to return to me. / When life's a bore and I know there's more, / I
mate with Julu, heavily. / When times are hard, and I'm all alone, / Julu
throws me quite the bo ne. / Oh Julu, you're so heavenly! / ... Driven by
defrag relentlessly towards you... Sometimes more and sometimes less /
Julu comes and then's I'm blessed, / with sometimes more, and sometimes
blessed! /:When I'm all alone and no one's home, / Julu comes and then
we'll roam. / We'll fly up high, and sometimes sigh / for days gone bye, /
July and me! /:When I'm tired, and life's dreary / I wait for my Julu to
return to me. / When life's a bore and I know there's more, / I mate with
Julu, heavily. / When times are hard, and I'm all alone, / Julu throws me
quite the bone. / Oh Julu, you're so heavenly! /::So heavenly, when I'm
all alone / Would When I'm tired, and life's dreary / I wait for my Julu
to return to me. / When life's a bore and I know there's more, / I mate
with Julu, heavily. / When times are hard, and I'm all alone, / Julu
throws me quite the bone. / Oh Julu, you're so heavenly! / Sometimes more
and sometimes less / Julu comes and then's I'm blessed, / with sometimes
more, and sometimes blessed! /, with us? Your bones are your forcloseing?
When I'm all alone and no one's home, / Julu comes and then we'll roam. /
We'll fly up high, and sometimes sigh / for days gone bye, / July and me!
/ Now and then you'll come to me / So heavenly, when I'm all alone / You
knock so soft, you'll throw the bone / When I'm all alone, when I'm all
alone /


