 m 
NOTE. The Spoon Collective has ;4m closed its operation m . A complete 
copy of the list archives is currently available at ;4m www.driftline.org 
m m Spoon mailing lists:
     * m Anarchy-List : A Discussion of anarchy
     * m Aut-Op-Sy m Autonomia, Operaismo , and Class Composition ( m 
Moved
     * m The aut-op-sy WWW page
     
m Avant-Garde : Theory of the artistic avant-garde ( m Moved
     
m Bhaskar m Moved
     
m Bataille : Discussion of the work of Georges Bataille (Discontinued)
     
m Baudrillard : Discussion of the works of Jean Baudrillard
   (Discontinued) m Data transfer complete 6 m -more- 
http://www.driftline.org/spoon_collective.html m closed its operation m 
Getting file://localhost/net/u/6/s/sondheim/cic3
Yahoo ohn December Index Page m Internet Domain Survey CTHEORY m More 
about MOOs m -more- http://jefferson.village.Virginia.EDU/~spoons/ m Spoon 
Home Page
 m Spoon Home Page m internet_txt.html m Internet Text: 0 m Internet Text: 
m Lynx Marks 16H m ebcrawler.cs.washington.edu/WebCrawler/WebQuery.html m 
WebCrawler Searching m Getting 
http://webcrawler.cs.washington.edu/WebCrawler/WebQuery.html m Looking up 
webcrawler.cs.washington.edu m Unable to locate remote host 
webcrawler.cs.washington.edu. m Alert!: Unable to connect to remote host. 
m Getting file://localhost/net/u/6/s/sondheim/cic3.html m WebCrawler 
Searching m -more- 
http://webcrawler.cs.washington.edu/WebCrawler/WebQuery.html m WebCrawler 
Searching m WebCrawler Searching 16H m 
ww.cs.colorado.edu/home/mcbryan/WWWW.html m WWWW - WORLD WIDE WEB WORM m 
WWWW - WORLD WIDE WEB WORM m lib.ncsu.edu/stacks/alex-index.html m Alex: A 
Catalog of Electronic Texts on the Internet m Getting 
http://www.lib.ncsu.edu/stacks/alex-index.html m Looking up 
www.lib.ncsu.edu m Making HTTP connection to www.lib.ncsu.edu m Sending 
HTTP request. m HTTP request sent; waiting for response.  m /1.1 302 Found 
m Data transfer complete m HTTP/1.1 302 Found
    
m Using http://sunsite.berkeley.edu/alex/ m Getting 
http://sunsite.berkeley.edu/alex/ m Looking up sunsite.berkeley.edu m 
Making HTTP connection to sunsite.berkeley.edu m Sending HTTP request. m 
HTTP request sent; waiting for response.  m /1.0 301 Document has moved m 
Data transfer complete m HTTP/1.0 301 Document has moved m Using 
http://www.infomotions.com/alex/ m Getting 
http://www.infomotions.com/alex/ m Looking up www.infomotions.com m Making 
HTTP connection to www.infomotions.com m Sending HTTP request. m HTTP 
request sent; waiting for response.
 m /1.1 200 OK Alex Catalogue of Electronic Texts (p1 of 2
     * m Home
     * m Alex Catalogue
  * m Musings
    
     * m Images
      
m Infomotions, Inc. Alex Catalogue m 