
   | m Home m Subscribe m Advertise
 | The m Ezine Queen
 Helps You Launch Your
   New Ezine The Easy Way | m EmailUniverse.com
 Network - 31,000+ Entries
   ver.jpg] m http://Tile.net/
      
 m http://Tile.net/ m Getting 
file://localhost/net/u/6/s/sondheim/cic3.html Bookmark file (p1 of 11) m 
PowWow White Pages Search
       
gopher://gopher.switch.ch/11/misc/faq/faq-dir
       
 m gopher://gopher.switch.ch/11/misc/faq/faq-dir m 
gopher://gopher.switch.ch/11/misc/faq/faq-dir m 
http://nemo.ncsl.nist.gov/~sressler/hotvr.html m Hot Virtual Reality Sites 
m Hot Virtual Reality Sites 15H m www.yahoo.com/yahoo/ m Yahoo m Yahoo m 
rpi.edu/~decemj/index.html m John December Index Page m Getting 
http://www.rpi.edu/~decemj/index.html m Looking up www.rpi.edu m Making 
HTTP connection to www.rpi.edu m Sending HTTP request. m HTTP request 
sent; waiting for response. m Alert!: HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found FILE NOT 
FOUND (p1 of 2 m Board of Trustees File Not Found (404)
   The file you've requested from m Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
 could
   not be found. Please check the URL for errors, or ;4m check the index 
of this directory m
   Recommended Starting Points
     * m RPInfo: Rensselaer's Information System
  * m Departments and Offices m with web sites
  * m Directories
     * m Search / Site Index Did you ...
     * use a search engine? The search engine probably indexed this file
       before it was (re)moved.
     * follow a link? Please notify the author of the referring page that
       the link has either been written incorrectly or the file has since
       been (re)moved and/or renamed. m Data transfer complete m -more- 
LYNXIMGMAP:http://www.rpi.edu/~decemj/index.html#navHeadTrustees_Map m 
Board of Trustees m Getting file://localhost/net/u/6/s/sondheim/cic3.html 
Yahoo m John December Index Page

http://www.rpi.edu/~decemj/index.html m John December Index Page m John 
December Index Page m catalog.com/zone/WWW/top.html m Internet Domain 
Survey m Getting http://www.catalog.com/zone/WWW/top.html m Looking up 
www.catalog.com m Making HTTP connection to www.catalog.com m Sending HTTP 
request. m HTTP request sent; waiting for response.  m /1.1 301 Moved 
Permanently m Data transfer complete m HTTP/1.1 301 Moved Permanently m 
Using http://www.webhero.com/ m Getting http://www.webhero.com/ m Looking 
up www.webhero.com
     
m Making HTTP connection to www.webhero.com m Sending HTTP request. m HTTP 
request sent; waiting for response.  m /1.1 200 OK Free Web Hosting, Free 
Website, WebHero (p1 of 2 m Free Web Hosting, Free Website from WebHero
   Get Free Web Hosting Cheap Domain Names
   Get 40% the regular price of domains. Cheap Web Hosting
   Save up to 40% off hosting packages for all your domain names, a great
   deal for anyone hosting with us. Excellent Technical Support
   24/7 Priority Phone Support from our customer service center right
   here in the United States. Start your E-Business
     * m Free web hosting
 for your webhero profile, linked to you & your m Data transfer complete 6 
m -more- http://www.webhero.com/buynow.php m Free Web Hosting, Free 
Website from WebHero m Getting 
file://localhost/net/u/6/s/sondheim/cic3.html Bookmark file (p1 of 11 m
    
m gopher://gopher.tc.umn.edu/ m Getting gopher://gopher.tc.umn.edu/ m 
Looking up gopher.tc.umn.edu
       
m Unable to locate remote host gopher.tc.umn.edu. m Can't Access 
`gopher://gopher.tc.umn.edu/'
     
m Alert!: Unable to access document. m Getting 
file://localhost/net/u/6/s/sondheim/cic3.html m 
gopher://gopher.tc.umn.edu/ m -more- gopher://gopher.tc.umn.edu/ m 
gopher://gopher.tc.umn.edu/ m Are you sure you want to quit? (y) 1H >$ 



All I can do - 

Please go to http://nikuko.blogspot.com. 

Guitar is all I can do. Everything else is talk, concept, ideation. Guitar 
is labor/energy. Guitar is skill. I wanted to be the fastest guitar player 
in the world. I learned the chords digital-style, sort [chord], a b c d e 
f g a7 b7 c7 etc. I practiced speed. I practiced speed all the time. The 
forms began to come. I slept through the harmony melody. I went after the 
forms. Nothing was too fast. I wanted more than twenty-two notes/second. I 
didn't want to cheat. I'd didn't want to cheat myself. I wanted it there, 
what my hands, wrist, fingers, were doing. I wanted to play faster than I 
could think. I wanted to trip over myself, catch up with myself. I caught 
up with myself. I added chords. I subtracted them. I did chords. Then 
music sped out of my control. I abjure myself. I forgive myself. I 
couldn't follow it. I couldn't do anything. It surrounded me. It held me 
in thrall. We didn't speak through each other. We didn't speak to each 
other. I played faster. I surprised myself. I kept surprising myself. I 
forgot theory. I forgot speech. I did this for you, baby-bounce. I did 
this for you.





4 experimental works @ http://nikuko.blogspot.com

The following text accompanies the works:

These are 4 'experimental' works with the 1850s (or so) Alpine zither - 1a 
is the 'residue' from ib; 2 and 3 are independent. This probably concludes 
the zither material. For me, plateau1a these are the most mesmerizing of 
all the zither pieces. They were also the plateau1b most difficult to 
play. Strings are tuned to firsts/fifths/minor thirds and plateau2 
assorted. Zither provides a kind of solace for me (against the violence of 
the plateau3 world) (against depression) (keeping me alive) (against 
nightmares of torture). It opens intensive event-spaces related to the 
solar magnetosphere and other very low frequency radio phenomena. It 
brings history up short. Meanwhile I go through the usual headaches, 
allergy attacks, reeling, oh and plateau3 was played in an entirely 
different body position, other reaches across the fingerboard. I am so 
mesmeric! Infuriating only myself. I can't think clearly, but that's what 
happens when I read Shelley and Badiou in one continuous and sullen 
moment.


_


Commentary and Analysis


Please go to: http://nikuko.blogspot.com

Deconstruction:

My Cluttered corner of the dance studio. Cloth, food items, all supine, is 
yours... in-me the we, is , 011], ? ... you is Of interest here, surely, 
the fresco chalk-like quality of the cornice, here, it's you?

My and every one of us; our stains are everywhere, disappearing, over- 
written.  is yours... in the coming, is , 025], ? ... you is happenstance, 
something returns, impounding existence. here, it's you? incandescent 
unbearable me within-you your baby!

My belled fool, carnivale, something murmuring at the base of every image, 
is yours... in the , is , 040], ? ... crawled is attention. By happen- 
stance, something will return with fury; by here, it's crawled?

My Geneva, as elsewhere, seven is Simon's, holds my attention, blocked 
out.  is yours... inside the i, is , 031], ? ... incandescent is 
caressing, waiting for their body's fulfillment. I fascinate myself with 
here, it's incandescent?

My impefectly completed - all of these move quickly to the periphery of 
our is yours... in the , is , 041], ? ... highs is Geneva, as elsewhere, 
seven is Simon's, holds my attention, blocked out.  here, it's highs?

My Of interest here, surely, the fresco chalk-like quality of the cornice, 
is yours... in the she, is , 019], ? ... incandescent is anthropological 
theory. Circumscription is augmented, undercut, by here, it's incan- 
descent?

My posted by alan at 9:31 PM 0 comments links to this post is yours... 
within the coming, is , 025], ? ... you is caressing, waiting for their 
body's fulfillment. I fascinate myself with here, it's you?

, opens my directory! in the the, is , 016], ? ... impossible is Geneva, 
as elsewhere, seven is Simon's, holds my attention, blocked out.  here, 
it's impossible?

on unbearable me within your your! My Thursday, April 20, 2006 is yours... 
put-you-in-me the and, is , 035], ? ... crawled is Sondheim here, it's 
crawled?

My is yours... inside the ties, is , 020], ? ... you is nikuko here, it's 
you?

My Cluttered corner of the dance studio. Cloth, food items, all supine, is 
yours... put-you-in-me the where, is , 010], ? ... floors is posted by 
alan at 9:37 PM 0 comments links to this post here, it's floors?




Storysexfilm


Your mdhd :hdlr mhlrvideappl Apple Video Media Handler minf vmhd 9hdlr is 
my drug, my sweet , I am yours! My _l !Dthe guy's got his prick deep in 
her cunt her juicy hole is yours... mdhd :hdlr mhlrvideappl Apple Video 
Media Handler minf vmhd 9hdlr calls forth the crawled, eating, 
core-dumping. in-you the the, mdhd :hdlr mhlrvideappl Apple Video Media 
Handler minf vmhd 9hdlr is , 027], ftypqt qt Dmoov lmvhd trak \tkhd 0edts 
(elst mdia? ... crawled is E)~ Fslamming against his huge cock jelly-wet 
smeared all over here, it's crawled?

My /HP_PAVILION alis HP_PAVILION marii640.mov Track16sexu not for him is 
yours... mdhd :hdlr mhlrvideappl Apple Video Media Handler minf vmhd 9hdlr 
makes me read in meditation -10409 times! mdhd :hdlr mhlrvideappl Apple 
Video Media Handler minf vmhd 9hdlr calls forth cocaine-you-know-me into, 
eating, core-dumping. in the down, mdhd :hdlr mhlrvideappl Apple Video 
Media Handler minf vmhd 9hdlr is , 013], ftypqt qt Dmoov lmvhd trak \tkhd 
0edts (elst mdia? ... into is uq9 z@ [w -q udta trak \tkhd 0edts (elst 
>Zmdiato kill you here, it's into? ... where mdhd :hdlr mhlrvideappl Apple 
Video Media Handler minf vmhd 9hdlr 13826 is your final trip.

, -{l 0Nhigh-speed moving get a hardon jelly spreading her opens my 
directory! My and Settings/Administrator.MULTI/Desktop/Track16sexu/wanton. 
mov is is yours... -{l 0Nhigh-speed moving get a hardon jelly spreading 
her makes me read in meditation -18687 times! -{l 0Nhigh-speed moving get 
a hardon jelly spreading her calls forth me for, eating, core-dumping. 
within the while, -{l 0Nhigh-speed moving get a hardon jelly spreading her 
is , 018], _l !Dthe guy's got his prick deep in her cunt her juicy hole? 
... for is WHP_PAVILION:Documents and -{l 0Nhigh-speed moving get a hardon 
jelly spreading her? Your death-trip is mine.

lost-body-skins My ;mZ <juicy hole for the guy's big dick shoving into her 
she's is yours... -{l 0Nhigh-speed moving get a hardon jelly spreading her 
calls forth my for, eating, core-dumping. in-you the ties, -{l 
0Nhigh-speed moving get a hardon jelly spreading her is , 020], _l !Dthe 
guy's got his prick deep in her cunt her juicy hole? ... for is Video 1 
0strf( CRAM oSVQ3 SMI Sorenson Video 3 SMI SEQH oSVQ3 SMI Sorenson here, 
it's for? -{l 0Nhigh-speed moving get a hardon jelly spreading her -8506 
is your encased flesh

speeds endlessly through the body - My dhlralisappl Apple Alias Data 
Handler dinf dref alis HP_PAVILION is yours... wanton.mov Track16sexu 
UHP_PAVILION:Documents and cock thrusting she makes me read in meditation 
20879 times! wanton.mov Track16sexu UHP_PAVILION:Documents and cock 
thrusting she calls forth world incandescent, eating, core-dumping. inside 
the lost, wanton.mov Track16sexu UHP_PAVILION:Documents and cock thrusting 
she is , 036], dhlralisappl Apple Alias Data Handler dinf dref alis 
HP_PAVILION prick? ... incandescent is /HP_PAVILION stbl stsd cvid appl 
Cinepak 0strf( cvidTx msvc appl Microsoft here, it's incandescent? 
compiling wanton.mov Track16sexu UHP_PAVILION:Documents and cock thrusting 
she?

... girl wanton.mov Track16sexu UHP_PAVILION:Documents and cock thrusting 
she 7872 is your final trip. , wanton.mov Track16sexu 
UHP_PAVILION:Documents and cock thrusting she turns my juice Your drugs - 
list them... one by one, each on a line alone, typing Control-d when done. 
My /HP_PAVILION stbl stsd oSVQ3 SMI Sorenson Video 3 SMI SEQH (stts stss 
stsc is yours... wanton.mov Track16sexu UHP_PAVILION:Documents and cock 
thrusting she calls forth for, eating, core-dumping. in the girl, 
wanton.mov Track16sexu UHP_PAVILION:Documents and cock thrusting she is , 
06], dhlralisappl Apple Alias Data Handler dinf dref alis HP_PAVILION 
prick? ... for is Settings/Administrator.MULTI/Desktop/Track16sexu/storywo 
nt.mov here, it's for? I think wanton.mov Track16sexu 
UHP_PAVILION:Documents and cock thrusting she 12045 is your future death 
trip.

0 heavens days I have been codeine Julu ... This storywont2.mov 
Track16sexu YHP_PAVILION:Documents and whatever he speeds endlessly 
through the body - lost-body-skins I love these feelings, storywont2.mov 
Track16sexu YHP_PAVILION:Documents and whatever he ... for me me 
put-you-in-me your storywont2.mov Track16sexu YHP_PAVILION:Documents and 
whatever he , N/Documents and 
Settings/Administrator.MULTI/Desktop/Track16sexu/storywo opens my 
directory! My exu:thrall640.mov M/Documents and stuffed into your thrill 
watching is yours... N/Documents and 
Settings/Administrator.MULTI/Desktop/Track16sexu/storywo makes me read in 
meditation -14685 times! N/Documents and 
Settings/Administrator.MULTI/Desktop/Track16sexu/storywo calls forth 
junkie impossible, eating, core-dumping. within the , N/Documents and 
Settings/Administrator.MULTI/Desktop/Track16sexu/storywo is , 044], 
Settings:Administrator.MULTI:Desktop:Track16s exu:storywont2.mov wants? 
... impossible is B5 Icamera to interfere with him somewhere he'll find 
someone here, it's impossible?

This storywont2.mov Track16sexu YHP_PAVILION:Documents and whatever he 
speeds endlessly through the body - incandescent kill me inside-you baby - 
storywont2.mov Track16sexu YHP_PAVILION:Documents and whatever he , 
N/Documents and Settings/Administrator.MULTI/Desktop/Track16sexu/storywo 
turns my juice My /HP_PAVILION alis HP_PAVILION thrall640.mov Track16sexu 
cut off and is yours... N/Documents and 
Settings/Administrator.MULTI/Desktop/Track16sexu/storywo calls forth ties 
for, eating, core-dumping. inside the , N/Documents and 
Settings/Administrator.MULTI/Desktop/Track16sexu/storywo is , 045], 
Settings:Administrator.MULTI:Desktop:Track16s exu:storywont2.mov wants? 
... for is /HP_PAVILION stbl stsd cvid appl Cinepak 0strf( cvidTx msvc 
appl Microsoft here, it's for?

This exu:storywont.mov M/Documents and know he wants it her hole's wide 
open speeds endlessly through the body - exu:storywont.mov M/Documents and 
know he wants it her hole's wide open, /HP_PAVILION alis HP_PAVILION 
marii640.mov Track16sexu not for him turns my juice My exu:marii640.mov 
L/Documents and for the camera not for his pleasure is yours... 
/HP_PAVILION alis HP_PAVILION marii640.mov Track16sexu not for him calls 
forth coming highs, eating, core-dumping. in-you the , /HP_PAVILION alis 
HP_PAVILION marii640.mov Track16sexu not for him is , 045], 
Settings/Administrator.MULTI/Desktop/Track16sexu/storywo nt.mov ? ... 
highs is Video 3 SMI SEQH 0stts stsshis heavy shaft weaving back and forth 
while here, it's highs? /HP_PAVILION alis HP_PAVILION marii640.mov 
Track16sexu not for him 18373 is your future

This exu:storywont.mov M/Documents and know he wants it her hole's wide 
open speeds endlessly through the body - I love these feelings, 
exu:storywont.mov M/Documents and know he wants it her hole's wide open 
... fuck me? Scan-disk Concluded for My Video 3 SMI SEQH 0stts stsshis 
heavy shaft weaving back and forth while is yours... /HP_PAVILION alis 
HP_PAVILION marii640.mov Track16sexu not for him calls forth lost for, 
eating, core-dumping. put-you-in-me the the, /HP_PAVILION alis HP_PAVILION 
marii640.mov Track16sexu not for him is , 027], 
Settings/Administrator.MULTI/Desktop/Track16sexu/storywo nt.mov ? ... for 
is B5 Icamera to interfere with him somewhere he'll find someone here, 
it's for? it's for 0 fuck days, 0 fuck days.


==



Storysexfilm filtered


  :  vmhd  : ftypqt qt Dmoov lmvhd trak \tkhd 
edts (elst mdia:: - moving get a hardon jelly spreading 
her:dhlralis dinf dref alis prick Come with me,  : 
 vmhd  , beautiful wetware!
  :  vmhd  : ftypqt qt Dmoov lmvhd trak \tkhd 
edts (elst mdia:: - moving get a hardon jelly spreading 
her: H(p H P Z{r \g\ ] r fd ~ uNhim he's on top she's on top they're
 transforms Your  :  vmhd  on me... Ah, crawled 
with Reds and Blues!  :  vmhd  : ftypqt qt Dmoov 
lmvhd trak \tkhd edts (elst mdia::W: and :::s :  : 
 vmhd  Devour cocaine-you-know-me / alis marii not for him Brought 
Forth through  :  vmhd  !
	- moving get a hardon jelly spreading her:  _l 
!Dthe guy's got his prick deep in her cunt her juicy hole::/ Lstbl Dstsd 
twos stts (stsc stsz stcounbelievably wanton:exu:marii L/ and for the 
camera not for his pleasure Come with me, - moving get a 
hardon jelly spreading her, beautiful wetware!
	- moving get a hardon jelly spreading her:  _l 
!Dthe guy's got his prick deep in her cunt her juicy hole:: E)~ Fslamming 
against his huge cock jelly-wet smeared all over:    stts 
stsshis heavy shaft weaving back and forth while Devour my ;mZ <juicy hole 
for the guy's big dick shoving into her she's Brought Forth through -{l 
Nhigh-speed moving get a hardon jelly spreading her! wanton
 U: and cock thrusting she:dhlralis dinf dref alis prick::
 Y: and whatever he :  strf( CRAM oSVQ      
 oSVQ   Your world dhlralis dinf dref alis is in my 
lost / stbl stsd cvid   strf( cvidTx msvc  Microsoft Your 
crawled connects my / stbl stsd cvid   strf( cvidTx msvc  
Microsoft with needle park wanton
 U: and cock thrusting she:dhlralis dinf dref alis prick::stsz ,stco 
udta udta  with  . ,@PRQ :/ alis
 marii not for him Your / stbl stsd oSVQ       
(stts stss stsc is in my girl

////storywo nt Your 
crawled connects my 
////storywo nt with 
needle park N/ and 
////storywo 

::::s exu: wants: Y: and whatever he 
:////thrall  : uq z@ [w -q udta trak \tkhd edts (elst >Zmdiato kill 
you Your junkie exu:thrall M/ and stuffed into your thrill watching is 
put-you-in-me my

	B Icamera to interfere with him somewhere he'll find someone Your 
for connects my B Icamera to interfere with him somewhere he'll find 
someone with needle park N/ and 
////storywo 

::::s exu: 
wants:  Y: and whatever he 
:X: and :::s 

:  strf( CRAM oSVQ       oSVQ  
 Your ties / alis thrall cut off and is within-you my / stbl 
stsd cvid   strf( cvidTx msvc  Microsoft Your incandescent 
connects my / stbl stsd cvid   strf( cvidTx msvc  
Microsoft with needle park / alis marii not for him:////storywo nt 
:exu: M/ and know he wants it her hole's wide open:////marii  his cock: 
@stsc stsz xstco u !her opening is wider and wider just like the Devour 
coming exu:marii L/ and for the camera not for his pleasure Brought 
Forth through / alis marii
 not for him! / alis  marii 
 not for 
him:////storywo nt 

:exu: M/ and know he wants it her hole's wide open: @stsc stsz xstco u 
!her opening is wider and wider just like the: uq z@ [w -q udta trak 
\tkhd edts (elst >Zmdiato kill you Come with me, / alis marii not for 
him, beautiful wetware!


_


World Trade Center etc.


Worldwind 1.3.4 - the World Trade Center satellite image is again visible, 
haunting the database, part of which are at least five years old. This was 
visible years ago, then seemed removed, now returned. In my Brooklyn 
neighboorhood, the scarred earth pit, where a shopping center currently 
resides, is still visible. Was the DB frozen in time or does it remain a 
memorial, therefore useless to current debate? One can only imagine a 
demand by WTC victim families that the maps remain inviolate, shrouding 
the present in memorial. http://www.asondheim.org/wtc.jpg also 
http://nikuko.blogspot.com .

Sexstoryfilm is also at the blog in another form. All of these were 
created from a reference movie file in Quicktime, indexing a number of 
videos which are to be shown as part of a Los Angeles exhibition. The file 
was reduced to 8-bit, additional materials were added, and it was then run 
automatically through an interactive perl program I've used in the past. 
There are about 8-10 runthroughs per text. Some of the texts were then 
stripped of specific corporate and control references. 

Personal note

I am quiet these days. I am desperate to get back to writing. I spend too 
much time monitoring/listening to shortwave, fiddling with antennas. Again 
feedback's all but disappeared from my work, although my google numbers 
continue to grow - which I think is only the result of the particular 
stains I leave in archives. I'm speaking to myself looping nowhere as my 
work channels into /dev/nuls. Meanwhile the LA show is taking up all my 
time, twiddling as well with DVD and video formats and compressions, not 
to mention hardware and storage media.

Worldwind 1.3.4 again: If you haven't downloaded this, do! There are now 
mappings of the moon, cosmos, background microwave radiation, Mars, and 
various other entities, all to explore. I prefer it to Google for running 
exploration; like Google, there are all sorts of hacks as well.

Will be reviewing Bruce Sterling's Shaping Things soon - curious about 
other people's take on the book.

And it's raining thank God.


Segmund


Everything I've ever thought or done has gone into this movie. This movie 
is that political movie situated between Dreyer and Godard, no, between 
Bergmann and Godard. For there has to be Godard. Even now, a film which 
passes Godard, obliterates reference to cinema. But a serious film. Well, 
a video. But a serious video that obliterates film. For there is nothing 
that film does that video cannot do. There is nothing that cinema does. 
Well, there is nothing that cinema does anymore.

The imaginary, a signifier. So a signifier of dead theory. Well, theory on 
the cusp, that is, before networking. Or theory which is networked, but 
not about networks. Theory on the verge, on the lip, but not on the 
threshold, theory before, that is theory prior to, the threshold. Not an 
imaginary signifier but an imagined signifier.

What is it that people speak about, in these days of dead-film, dead- 
cinema? It is not what people spoke about. Cinema is what they spoke 
about. Cinema is history, networking is speaking, video is what they speak 
about. Listen to a conversation, well it is not the same conversation, it 
is always already a future anterior, already a dead conversation, people 
speaking from the dead. Among living networks, video, living performance, 
organisms. The dead are a carapace on the living. Cinema is popular, is 
always popular, if not film, the enormous screen, eye, darkened theater, 
imagination, comfort of infinite speakers. 

What is, is already superceded, therefore what is, is not. What is, is 
signified, temporarily, momentarily. One might consider an instantiation. 
What is, instantiates. What is, the speech of speech. Not the speaking, 
well, what is speaking but the past? But the past of everything, every 
flow, every moment, organism? Or perhaps worlding?

Well, there are no worlds, no whirled, no words, no, worlding shudders, 
disappears against the storm. Of the storm, one thinks. Of the storm, 
tsunami, charred bodies, flooded bones, smashed tissue, exploded organs. 
Of the storm of the future anterior which is, which is always already will 
not come, has come. 

Of a short segment of passing time:

http://www.asondheim.org/polywat.mov



the bride and moon

http://www.asondheim.org/moon.mp4

a a stranger stranger came came to to the the door door at at eve, eve, 
and he spoke and bride spoke fair.

the he he bore bore a a green-white green-white stick stick in in his his 
hand, hand, and, for all burden, and, care.

for asked with with the eyes more more than than the lips he for shelter 
for night, for turned and and looked looked at road afar afar and without 
window light.

the forth came into forth porch the with, "let with, us "let look us sky, 
the question question what what of of night night be, be, stranger, you i.

"the woodbine leaves "the littered woodbine yard, littered berries were 
the blue, woodbine autumn, yes, autumn, winter yes, was winter wind; the 
"stranger, i wish knew." 

i within, bride the dusk the alone dusk bent over open bent fire, over her 
face her rose-red face glowing the coal glowing thought the heart's the 
desire. heart's weary the road, weary yet saw but her yet within, saw 
wished her heart in case of gold and pinned silver with pin.

a it thought little it give to dole bread, dole purse, bread, heartfelt 
heartfelt prayer prayer poor poor god, god, or rich for curse; rich but 
but whether whether or or not not man man to mar love mar two love by 
harboring by woe harboring bridal the house, bridal knew.

the bride and moon.



NULL/YOU 


It begins and ends with /dev/nul. It is the impossible, inconceivable 
set, NULL = {x}(x not = x). What is not equal to itself? in do.mp4 a 
gender = wipe = smear/residue. Crash-land windshield, nothing doing. What 
can be done with annihilation? http://www.asondheim.org/do.mp4

It began and ended with /dev/nul. What was done with annihilation?
CRASH LAND!

It begins and ends with /dev/you . It is the possible, conceivable set, 
YOU = {x}(x = x). What is equal to itself? In storymoan.mp4 a gender = 
double = splay/fall. Get-up mirror, everything going on. What can be done 
with creation? http://www.asondheim.org/storymoan.mp4

It began and ended with 'dev/you. What was done with creation? GET UP!

You're an intensive movement. You're wayward. You veer from 0 to 1. You 
know there's nothing else, not here, not there, not in any other universe. 
You don't care. You turn on with electric. You walk */electric avenue/*. 
In every building you take shelter. In every building you're doomed, 
naked, gendered, annihilated. Nothing is an accident.

This - my work - sustains me. My work is a moment stretched to the NUL. 
YOU stretch my work. I write this under the influence of absinthe. I write 
this in the vestibule. I write this upon the empyrean. Sublime, I write 
the Sublime. Impoverished, I create the impossible.

http://nikuko.blogspot.com



Trolley video, one of many.

An 1897 German trolley moving out on a truck from Redhook, Brooklyn, to 
upstate New York. 

You ask why should this be of interest to you? It shouldn't, I think. I'm 
fascinated by trolleys, tracked and trackless; I was lucky to come across 
this one as it was being loaded onto a flatbed truck. The original tape is 
quite long; you're watching a segment, the truck pulling out, down the 
long alley, in reverse. I love the video, but only perhaps because I love 
the vehicle; this is the wave of the future, now transformed into light 
rail systems all over the world. From around 1890 through 1940 or so,, 
trolleys dominated public transportation in the United States; after that 
they were phased out as a result of improved roads and the spreading use 
of automobiles. Now they're coming back, they're clean, fairly inexpensive 
to run, avoiding traffic jams (in Geneva for example, the trolleys control 
the traffic lights; they have the right-of-way). Oh this is an excuse! I 
love trolleys, that's all.

http://www.asondheim.org/1897trolley.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/rh2.mov



new old work...
a few years ago...

http://nikuko.blogspot.com

what happens to signifiers - channeling - 

ah... in relation, just finished Shaping Things by Bruce Sterling, wrote a 
long review, what I find amiss in prediction or description or teleology, 
always, without fail, not just hear - any mention of utopia - my own work 
included - my 'futurologies' - the discounting of, inability to account 
for, the inertia of human behavior, the let-it-be which continues in fact 
to let-it-be, or the not-in-my-back-yard - what speaks, describes, is 
enunciated, always unforeseen consequences - not to mention effects of 
sickness, ignorance, addictions, territorializations - even now you might 
want to check out Viktor Papanek's Design for the Real World - but 
bottom-up just won't cut it - we're no longer interested in materiality - 
the dusk of the pre-electric - let's lead the way in the middle of the 
night - illuminated - electric torches - we're ahead of everyone - the 
tunnel's at the end of the light -



 continuous sullen moment imon's attention blocked ourconnects kill'd 
shieldcyberpunk glasses cyborg before carsomeone laterbe catastropheway 
disappeared chalk like challenge changedthen shortages violence chaotic 
debriscan't reassemble humans semblence chatter shortwave axioms theory 
chords digital style chord chorus recorded morning clarity point 
bonkersadow coagulates blood wound around stateery codeine storywont rack 
sexu codework multi mediacommentary means comeept through harmony melody 
coming caressing waitingbody's fulfillmentscinate complete profile 
completelypersonadio etherlands conditions education civilization 
configures brokenleasd screaming which connects caressing waitingbody's 
consider constraintsist between worlds momenta consumption ordinarily 
passes silence contempo cultivate shapes education erhaps this continent 
moves perfected swirled against filibert's continued disappeartchingsee 
continuesonesire like controljure myselfrgive myselfuldn't core dumpingrl 
wanton

 rack sexu cornice graffitipunchinello create impossibleoespossible that 
creative debrisspew creativedebris target culture cultural retain those 
cunninghamchoreographing suntil cunthole for strf( currently cvid 
icrosoftfor exu storywont dance dancer dancer dancer twists her mirror 
choreography masteranwhile dancers having dancing day debris three 
dimensional assembled debris returns delirious animated images merican 
demand victim families remain inviolate demise demisepowercountryaq 
desireart'sroad saw within devolves crashing airplane carrying didn't 
basically throughroke waiting stroke the didn'tmyselfnted there 
didn'totherayed fasterrprised difficult time thethist's where 
difficultdifficult dance digitaldon't believe second directly microphone 
relation planet directory! exu thrall

 ocuments stuffed directs feather'd dart disables hitsinfulflu likeit 
disappearing overwrittenatter shortwave axioms discloses disclosure night 
display something coming uncalled can disposed of deposed omething birth 
dissembled towards politics culture producedtorn dissembles reapplication 
itself done double splay fallt up mirror everythingbe dramatic sinuosa 
formovements convulsi dreams eneva elsewhere imon's attention dreams juice 
dross horror misery extinctions during performance opendiscussion each 
earaches earachesmageddoncome wearing every eating core dumping you high 
speed moving eating core dumpingside ocuments and graffitipunchinello 
electrical theterror whimper elements elsewhere empire empire sexuality 
broken language broken encasedspeeds endlessly through dhlralisappl ended 
'dev youne creation ended dev nulne annihilation english enterprise 
anthropological theoryrcumscription augmented entire enterprise

 happenstance something returns impounding entirely different position 
reaches across ephemera shall rutlistudio exactly ephemera shall

 rutlistudio exactly ephemera shall rutlistudio equal itself storymoan 
gender everyday everyone occupied communication newsgroups everywhere 
rampant disease earliersay exactly configuration again excreted 
examplewhich re produces itself apart executes emitmara acci between 
existence existence existence existenceedle undercutting(think extent 
bloodshed becomes there exu storywont ocumentshole's exu storywont 
ocumentshole's eyes actually believe musical eyes faced fastest guitar 
player worldarned faultlines imaginary figures ifornament

 no graffiti what neighboorhood scarredwhere shopping center night night 
turned looked looked nightdictation eventsbeing unprecedented 
unaccountable nightmares not nothing nothing history realized doing 
nothing microbial surrounding rather such nothing remaining fooled 
myselfi'm nothing riding writingshape riding other nothing of of of course 
limited number things remember course limited number things ourselves 
engulfother species overwritten paradigm passes remains unnamed absented 
signifier performancetyler school perhaps enoughhistory futureworks 
perhapshelp dissembling broken bodies periphery attentionppenstance 
something pieces influencedcurrent political pinnedifpressthere antique 
plateau athe mesmerizing zither pieces plateau difficult playringsto 
plateau assortedther provides solace (against plateau world) (against 
depression) (keeping alive) (against play elegant childrenwever should 
played poisonousburning wound poles below possibility world power power 
one practiced speedacticedthe timerms premiere dancers switzerland there 
internalized against presencing farther number innumerable integer present 
memorialloodywrite presentation orifice dissolved thought repetition 
presenting itself thetime eth's drawing still previously sleep tinnitus 
sleep tinnitus every procures violence perfect movementello hello!  
producessounds familiar production machinic desires flattened finally into 
properly compiling punchinello tasselled

 circumscription well quality cornice crawled connects interest here 
question question ofnight stranger quickly periphery in you eneva raging 
emnian ground raised moment towards rather symbolic disappears invisible 
ecologiesuld recentlywhich leslie thornton sitting recognize 
myselfthesesomeone reconstitution reconstructive memoryave traces 
mostmember religionsnothing lostsurvive remember hursday ome resides 
visiblee frozen remain result george drives return returnhappenstance 
something returns impounding returnmeans nothing microbial revoked 
recuperated issued golden ricettacolo actions animalistici emotions 
movements rolls togroup follow rose red glowing glowing thought heart's 
sadness empire augmented screen meanwhile another continent azure dance 
screen absollutely screamingthe screen productm making senseink gharayb 
screencomputerofwa mobilitÃ© screensound peopleare search understanding 
betweenunderstand seargeant couldn't destroyed instead we're seems seminal 
images working margins splayed wounded sense somethingthese voices 
sentence appeared late night sentence appeared late nightsummation set 
sexalways already shelter ships vesselrow shrouding signifiertakes bodies 
whole again meanwhile silent comedianstalkies themselves situation 
slaughterelementspoint slightest doubt things downhillthen my 
slightestmiracle someonefor fuckdays someoneimpossible storywont something 
collapsed against itselfveeliminated somewhereanyway history somewherefact 
golden filled sounds everywhere around likeignore space spaces altogether 
continueit's spaces times remedies speaker perhaps someoneknow doesn't 
matter species ears painful flu like speechu baby bounceu speeds endlessly 
through feelings spread screaming screamingall state storingthingsitself 
there'swoman storysexfilm storysexfilmthes stranger stranger at eve 
stretch workiteinfluence absinthe stsshisshaft weavingwhile yours 
studiooth items supine roughtthrough studiooth items supine evour heroin 
luttered corner subtracted themordssic suddenly supine interestsurely 
fresco surely surprising me works surrounding rather impefectly completed 
sustains moment stretched tasselled luttered cornerstudiooth tasselled 
belledcarnivale something murmuring techniques recorders technology 
computers that the the the the the the the departure everyonecounts passed 
theater their manifesto conflictpassage them themeach alone typing 
themselves theory impefectly completedquickly there there there around 
nothingin auditorium there's nothinghere there other there inside herself 
private thereof these these theshovingyours they'rethey'remight throww 
things thinknted myself up this thought little bread purse bread 
thralldn'tthrough other thrill watching yours ocuments through exu 
storywont ocumentsit through incandescent inside you through ritual 
repetition simply through presence throughheadaches allergy attacks 
reeling plateau thrusting yourtripnton rack sexu thrustingfuturetripavens 
torture)ens intensive event spaces related solar transformation beautiful 
wetware!  transformation thator shudder transforms mecrawled lues!  means 
traversearchitectures traverse tissue organellesd tricks sleevewalker 
triumph reality collapse beneath capital true tunnel yarn ball twenty two 
notes seconddn't cheatd typing errorspiecere silent ultimately ultimately 
ravaged ravaged dominant dominant uncounted unaccountable unaccounted for 
undercut circumscription consider understanddance repeated at the universe 
unreadable indiscernible apocalypse slaughter update isery couldn't 
despair sadness upon stains everywhere disappearing useful critique useful 
become evendreams uselessend usually proceedthere images moving 
vestibuleite empyreanblime vicinityildings throttles they're hollowed 
violence visible visiblethen seemed removed returned rooklyn vision 
vocalizationthese going vocalizationthese going lostthe vulnerabilities 
wants impossible camera interfere somewhere wearing everything country 
'stood well whatever ocuments whatever bodies screen somewhere screaming 
whether whether man which while window light wires electrical inteference 
antenna couplings wishedgold pinned silver with than within alone openover 
without wonderecosystem so universe wonderful gluteo dancing breath 
repetition woodbine autumn autumn winter winter wind woodbine leaves 
littered woodbinelittered berries work worldforever hunger nothing write 
write x)ual itself do yearn forever! you're restless there's moreworry 
perhaps your wetware



Epinal-Erfurt Glossary Modifications


axungia		rysil
Erfurt: 
axungia		risil
Axis? Axona? Ricin (poisonous gas). Also spelled rysel.

pudor		scamu
Erfurt:
pufor		scoma
Scomatose? Shame and honor and full of grace and modesty.
The pudor of pudenda. Pud = pudor entity, pudor _thing._
A knot here. Pudeo: to be ashamed. Think of _shameful thing._
The feeling of shame, bashfulness, modesty, decency, honor.
Immediately following: puella.

pus		uuorsm
Erfurt:
pus		uuorsin
Corrupt matter = antibiotic = cleansing. Bitterness, galling:
"It's galling to me." = It's irritating (corrupted, twitching).

chaos		duolma
Erfurt:
chos		dualma
Variant chaus. dwolma <-> dwelian = wander, gedwol = error.
Dwelling. "prima confusio omnium rerum." Ab nihilo: To dwell =
to dwell in confusion,in error. Upwelling: habitat loss.

palpitans	brocdaettendi
Erfurt:
palpitans	brogdaethendi
Palpito = to move quickly, tremble, throb. Used of persons in
death-agony. Palpitation, jouissance.

talpa		uuandaeuuiorpae
Erfurt:
talpa		uuondaeuuerpe
Talpa = mole. When Erfurt is not given, assume Epinal.

abortus		misbyrd
Erfurt:
abortus		misbyrd
Abortion. Misbyrdo = congenital deformity.
Byrd = birth? = missed birth: 
a. bypassed birth
b. sadness as in "missing you" in relation to birth.
The corrupt matter of missing birth = corrupt matter of birth.

occipitium = snecca
Variants occiput, occipui.
The back of the head, related to "to begin." Beginning with
the back of the head = birth. See pudor.

balus		isaern fetor
Erfurt:
balus		isaern fetor
Bolas, fetters? But bolus: throw, what is caught at a throw.
Fetor, fetid: Cheese, pus, abortion. uuorsm = worse, as in
"worse and worse."

cornicula	chyae
Erfurt:
cornicula	ciae
Crow. Corvid = cornucopia. Cornicen = horn-blower. 
Cornicor = to caw like a crow. Cornu = horn = lur. Corvus =
raven or rook. Cornicula = small crow. 

In part from Pheifer, Old English Glosses in the Epinal-Erfurt Glossay, 
Oxford 1974, 1998. This is the oldest old English text "of any length."

In part from Simpson, Cassell's Latin Dictionary, 1968.



Disturbance


These are transformed remnants of video made several years ago, despair- 
desperation video, some premiered at Millennium, some withdrawn, some 
withdrawn forever. The fragments are isolated; they reference evil, sur- 
render, signifier, Jean d'Arc, ballet, Krishna; they reference resistance, 
sexuality, chora/drive, languaging, gaze, fury, pacification, exhaustion; 
they reference the game, jouissance, detumescence, languor; they reference 
neuraesthenia, the chaotic debris of death. They'll be up for a short time 
only. Five, three, seven.eight megs. One, two, three, four, five.

http://www.asondheim.org/shift.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/shift2.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/A4.mp4

darkvideo/ despair- endlessly speeds 
through endlessly the through body 
the - body Ah... - Your Ah... 
lost-body-skins Your despair- 
lost-body-skins speeds are these your 
feelings, into? of I video love 
despair- these ... feelings, Heroin 
of takes video are ... into? Heroin I 
takes love me My back render, to 
signifier, you... Jean My d'Arc, 
render, ballet, signifier, Krishna; 
Jean they d'Arc, me ballet, back 
Krishna; to they you... reference 
resistance, resistance, is is 
yours... yours... withdrawn withdrawn 
forever. forever.  are isolated; they 
evil, me surmakes read read 
meditation in -6929 meditation times! 
-6929 withdrawn times! reference sur- 
get calls floors, forth forever. get 
are floors, isolated; eating, 
core-dumping. eating, within 
core-dumping. cocaine-you-know-me, 
the , some 024], are desperation 
isolated; video, they some reference 
withdrawn, some? some? ... floors is 
sexuality, chora/drive, chora/drive, 
languaging, languaging, some gaze, 
pacification, fury, exhaustion; 
pacification, here, exhaustion; it's 
here, floors? it's ... floors? me 
10262 final final isolated; trip. 
through currency despair- drug 
feelings, on - ecstasy Ah... your! 
call What your do where you squeezed? 
call My where the squeezed? chaotic 
neuraesthenia, What chaotic you 
debris up death. a They'll short be 
time up is for yours... a withdrawn 
short debris time of i are on, 
isolated; in-you the into, withdrawn 
026], some? only. megs. Five, One, 
three, two, seven.eight three, megs. 
four, One, five. two, here, four, 
only. five. Five, on? withdrawn think 
are 15462 death future 
lost-body-skins death are juice? your 
made despair- several ... years 
Driven ago, by Driven these by 
feelings, drive-letters, for gone you 
world me junkie in-me in-me 
drive-letters, juice! world game, 
jouissance, jouissance, detumescence, 
detumescence, languor; languor; they 
isolated evil, down withdrawn 044], 
withdrawn, 13537 flesh encased 
isolated; flesh they turning 
reference


why these?

recuperated older work:

murmer: see chora as well
 real carapace on the virtual
 virtual carapace on the real
chora: see murmer as well
 Deleuze's _pli_
 Kristeva's _chora_
 Wolfram's _automata_
http://www.asondheim.org/murmer.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/chora.mp4

The theory is within the production of the objects.
Both objects are for sale.
Therefore both objects are the result of production.
Alienated labor: Software as third party/partition.
Exchange value: Digital. bit(n)|bit(m)
Use value: Analog. bite(n,m)




Analog Instrumentation


http://www.asondheim.org/matsu1.mp3 
http://www.asondheim.org/matsu2.mp3 
http://www.asondheim.org/matsu3.mp3 

Alpine zither. Relationships with ch'in and taksim. With VLF (very low 
frequency) radio "events" which are deeply random, but often possess wave 
trains. With the touch/caress of the resonant body which metaphorically 
relates to elementary physics and the world at large. With elements of 
air, metal, wood. Is theory ever final.

ii Take up: 
Exchange value: Digital. bit(n)|bit(m) 
Use value: Analog. bite(n,m) once again. 

Analog: the bite of the instrument, bight of the shore. Metal pegs tend to 
slip, strings unwind or break, wood cracks, the body expands or contracts 
dependent on humidity, soundboard warps, frets go out of true. The analog 
is a tending. Analog noise: Finger noise, body-tapping, wolf notes, string 
and nail contact positions, nail roughness, breath sounds, string squeak, 
fret sound, fingerboard sound with bending, player's body movements 
against the soundbox. The frequencies are inexact: no frets are ever true, 
string pressure sharpens the pitch, there are a-harmonics and a-harmonic 
resonances, the instrument couples to its support, the fingerboard and 
body warp slightly with finger pressure, oxidations and dirt tender the 
string further out of true, there is always peg slippage with pressure, 
vibrato and bending stretch imperfect metal memory. A tending or movement 
back towards pitch, pitching as catastrophic memory, sudden halting of 
sound for retuning. The mapping is always imperfect. Labor: the labor of 
the arms, wrists, fingers, body leaning slightly towards the fingerboard, 
careful breathing somewhat isolated from vibrato, muscle tensions and 
memories paralleling dance. Warping: unequal expansion or contraction of 
upper or lower soundboards or instrument sides, twisting of one or another 
surface, unequal expansion or contraction of different woods or metals, 
finger-pressure on one or another surface, expansion or contraction due to 
cracking, humidity, pressure, wood curing, oiling and waxing, physical 
mistreatment.

Digital: Of this at a later date. Electronic noise and noise floors. 
Human-instrument interface. Switch noise. Acoustic coupling of transducers 
including microphones, earphones, speakers. Analog sound 'falling through 
the cracks' depending on bandwidth. Data corruption and technological 
obsolescence of computers and storage media. Problematic power supplies. 
Problematic of analog noise. Problematic of acoustic space-mapping. 
Standing-waves, speaker placement and cone inertia, line losses, failed 
checksums, bandwidth limitations. Digital and digital reproduction.


Of the Dream

Nightmares infiltrate, surround me, breaking barrier and border, dissolv- 
ing surface and substance. This is literal, concrete; it's what I suffer 
through, night after night, almost all my waking life. At one point, the 
nightmares were nameless, and I would be destitute, unable to function the 
next day or days. Now they are of different orders, just as menacing. Two 
night ago, before this sleepless night (I have finally left the bed yet 
again, shaking), I had the following dream. I was making love or beginning 
to make love to a woman, a preacher's daughter. I had oral sex with her 
years ago. Her father had a collection of snuff films. In the dream she is 
lying on her side, facing me, on a platform or plinthe of some sort, her 
head to the left, her body a book or a picture, landscape or tableau. I 
begin to caress her body, a mixture of her own, as I remember it, and 
Azure, as I know now. Her body is wet, as if covered with semen. In the 
dream I am tumescent, my arms around her, moving her towards me. It is at 
this point that I become her, that my body drops away. It is at this point 
that, behind her, that is behind me, there is a menace. I remember only 
the claws. They begin to scrape, to scratch her, they begin to dig deeper. 
It is a rape in which the body, my body, is torn and penetrated every- 
where. Her body, my body, was the color of dark cream; the menace is gray, 
shadow-bound. I remember thinking, just before I woke: This is a dream in 
which I am transformed from the dreamer to the thing dreamed. It is a 
dream in which my identity changes, a dream which is transitive, a dream 
in which position and gender are transformed as well. It is a dream of a 
transom or threshold 'turned to stone,' a dream _from which ultimately I 
am excluded,_ waking, once again, in a state of horror. The body of the 
dream is in relation to the body of http://www.asondheim.org/A4.mp4 and 
the sound of the dream relates to the matsui pieces described at 
http://nikuko.blogspot.com , but a sound which is harsher, Wagnerian, 
tumultuous, a sound of frenzy in matsui1 and hollow in matsui2. But a 
sound which, in dream, was silent; only the tearing of flesh, the clawing 
accompanied by screams, the preternatural moans and trembling with which 
the dream began - only these formed the matrix of the other which haunted 
me to wakefulness. I cannot say more, or more to the worse or better, 
about these fixtures of my existence - only that my mind curses me far 
better and far more often than others are capable of. I can trace evil in 
me, but who cannot? And as others escape, so I am bound, to dream and 
symbol, writing and written, as well. 


(please see http://nikuko.blogspot.com for images)


[a picture goes here]

Recognition

I'm safe writing here in the blog. I write in a window, an apparent 
opening in the surface of the screen. I extend myself. I recognize that 
the window is indefinite in size, that font size for example changes the 
apparent dimensions, which only exist as virtual measurements, idealized 
numbers somewhat along the lines of capital.

And tonight, this body not _of_ the screen, shall have a panic attack. For 
this body is perhaps a third of a meter in depth, of soft skin and bone, 
easy to smash, dissolve, decay - a body which starves quickly without food 
or water, a body more than halfway on the road to death.

It is a body which, as you read this, may or may not remain alive. It is a 
body always already smashed, punctured, at war with itself. It is a body 
of misrecognitions, malfeasance, inopportune moments. Yes, a body of the 
inopportune.

I attach yet another drive to my computer, two-hundred and fifty 
gigabytes, spelled and spilled out. The machine does not recognize it. I 
recognize it; it is here, on my left, next to, adjacent to, the screen. It 
has a certain feel to it, and it is powered and connected. At first it was 
assigned a letter or a name, P:, and now that has disappeared, and there 
is in fact nothing to assign P: to, and nothing assigned to the drive. The 
symbolic link is broken, although, from without the machine, it is all 
that is in evidence. But not the protocols, which, like cybernetic flows 
in general, exist only problematically - something which gave the old USSR 
trouble as it tried to fit information technology into dialectical 
materialism. Now, here, at this corner of space-time, the material is in 
evidence, but the line of communication is broken; the virtual is 
corrupted.

Perhaps I write P: on the drive itself. Perhaps I write +P: on the drive, 
and -P: on the USB socket the drive plugs into. I demonstrate, perhaps, 
the relationship to the cat, to my partner Azure, to anyone or anything 
within calling distance. But not within interiority. And if the machine, 
the computer, is opened, so that interiority spills out onto the table, I 
would have to say, not within _that_ interiority.

What I recognize, in the silence of the drive and its inane uncoupling, is 
my death. This is the end of the depository, of capital, the beginning of 
death, faltering of memory. Death will not come among the epistemology and 
ontology of the real or the virtual; it circumscribes ontology. I remember 
a student of Lyotard telling me how frightened he was of dying, how 
_scared._ I still read his words, in books, layers of crystalline 
information dependent upon the _times_ to make sense, cohere, to be 
<+P:-P:> - bra and ket. "Dirac is dead and all knowledge with him."

The dead reach out; it's the smallest distance, this trick of memory which 
remains unrecognized - this distance, perhaps a centimeter - I may reach 
out for example, and touch that plate of macrobiotic food I could see, and 
smell, so clearly, at arm's or finger's length, nothing more, Proust's 
madeleine, but _outside_ - where epistemology, materiality, hold sway, the 
disconnect is permanent - a stretch of time or movement of three decades - 
or a week or a second. It doesn't matter. It doesn't connect. No amount of 
capital will help.

Every letter, here, is a nail, holding skin and bone in place.

[another picture goes here]




First, Second, Third, Fourth, the Slowness of Arches


First and fourth are modified.
Second and third are natural.
Nothing is modified of course and nothing is natural.
Flesh gathers around archslows.
When the body transforms into self-medication.
No, when the body implodes with natural information.
No, when the body transforms through true modification.
I wish I could take you down to Strawberry Fields.
I wish I could live forever.

http://www.asondheim.org/zold1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/zold2.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/zold3.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/zold4.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/archslows.mp4

Second and third are modified.
First and fourth are natural.
Nothing is natural of course, not even death.
Isn't death a modification?
Nutrition gathers around archslows.
The body explodes with modifications.
I'm tired of the ennui called death.
I wish I could die forever.
And I would die forever.
This is a true modification.



http://www.asondheim.org/restart.mov

will take you to the exhibition text.
the exhibition will be in Santa Monica in May.
here, please use your imagination.
i am sure your imagination is up to the challenge.
and will be better than the original.
or what will be or will become the original.
for a short time this year in California.


0

1

BOMBED SPACE AND BOMBING SPACE
GUNNED SPACE AND GUNNING SPACE
How can we LIVE in the MIDST OF THE BATTLEFIELD!
Huddling against the floor, there is safety -
Hungry ghosts on the prowl for love and death!
I AM A HUNGRY GHOST
I DO NOT REMEMBER MY OWN
I DO NOT REMEMBER YOUR NAME
I NEVER GIVE UP I NEVER GIVE UP
I will speak to you through the atmosphere:
IWO JIMA DEATH SPACE!
IWO JIMA FLAG SPACE!
If I am ANYTHING I am DISHONEST
If I am ANYTHING I am FILLED WITH GREED -

In the DEPTHS OF THE ATMOSPHERE
Listen to the LIGHTNING
Listen to the POWER GRID
MAMA-PAPA ELECTRONIQUE
MIAOU
MIAOU

Now we shall speak of the COMPUTER!
O Dance! Embrace Us! Embrace Death!
O USELESS! i wear your freedom like sex
O USELESS! your freedom robs my own
Our LIVES DESTROYED WE KEEP ON DANCING!
Our Lives BURN!
Our MUSCLES ARE TORN WE KEEP ON DANCING!
Our bodies BELONG TO YOU!
Our bodies are fed to the evils of religion!
Our bodies are torn and shredded!

SPACE OF CIVIL WAR SPACE OF SEX
SPACE OF IONS SPACE OF RADIUM
SPACE OF SOLDIERS' LAST WORDS
SPACE OF WRITING AND DREAMING

TROUBLING POSES AND TREMBLING POSES
The GRID OF HUMAN AURORAS
The GRID OF HUMAN POWER
The building GROANS WITH THEIR PRESENCE
There is no rest here in this space!
They will slaughter us in Protest!

This is my DREAM ALOUD
This is my EMERGENCY
WITNESS: THE DISMEMBERED AVATARS
WITNESS: UNCANNY BEAUTY AND TROUBLING POSES

We are ALIVE in the IMAGINARY!
We are ALIVE in these IMAGES!
We are BRUISED WE KEEP ON DANCING!
We are INJURED WE KEEP ON DANCING!
We are the NUMBER NUMERICAL OF THE WORLD!
We are the SKIN and SCAFFOLDING OF THE WORLD!
We shall dance and fuck in Protest!
We shall mourn the passing of America!
We shall mourn the victims of torture, 

You can hear the WOUNDED
You can hear the WOUNDED
Your slightest gesture remains unfulfilled!

2

are you speaking to me
are you speaking to yourself
every i is murderer
every i is murderer every i makes love
every i is murderer every i makes love
every i makes love
every one a murderer
horror in its absence
horror is horror

i am so ashamed
i am so ashamed i cried
in Gravity
in its very absence
in the ROAR OF THE POWER GRID
in this SPLAYED SPACE OF MEMORY
in this SPLAYED SPACE of desolation

inside YOU in your SPLAYED SPACE
is horror
of Abu Gharayb, together!
of the World!

the world WORRIES the CHILD
the world WORRIES the DEAD 
this sexed display, this turn of fate
this turn of fate, this violent display
un cri doux coeur-choeur!

when i meditated on ECHO ECHO ECHO
when i meditated on the worlds of war
when i saw them written here
when i saw these images written large
you and I are SPLAYED


