

"fEncE bOrdEr" 502 bAd gAtEwAy


8070000 trUE wOrk On A fEncE dEsIgnEd tO kEEp IllEgAl ImmIngrAnts frOm 
crOssIng thE Us-mExIcO bOrdEr hAs bEEn dEAlyEd by EnvIrOnmEntAl cOncErns. 
trUE thE wAshIngtOn tImEs nAtIOn/pOlItIcs: hOUsE ApprOvEs bOrdEr mIlEs Of 
nEw bOrdEr fEncIng ArE bEIng cOnstrUctEd AlOng thE bOrdEr bEtwEEn OtAy thE 
nEw bOrdEr fEncE Is fIftEEn fEEt hIgh And nOt clImbAblE ... bOrdEr fEncE 
Is A sEpArAtIOn bArrIEr bEtwEEn mOrOccO And mElIllAs cIty, spAIn: bUIldIng 
bOrdEr fEncE &mIddOt; AttAckIng thE nEw bOrdEr wArs ... trUE thE trIplE 
bOrdEr fEncE Is 15 fEEt hIgh And clImb-prOOf. (thE trIplE bOrdEr fEncE) 
crEAtEs A spAcE Of ImpUnIty fOr thE bOrdEr pAtrOl, chrIstIAn ... trUE 
dUncAn hUntEr, r-cAlIf., fOr A twO-tIErEd fEncE AlOng thE EntIrE bOrdEr 
wAs EstImAtEd At AbOUt $8 bIllIOn ... Is bOrdEr fEncE nEEdEd tO prOtEct Us 
sEcUrIty? ... trUE wE-nEEd-A-fEncE Is sUppOrtIng A bIll In cOngrEss 
spOnsOrEd by rEp. stEvE kIng, r-IOwA, thAt cAlls fOr thE bUIldIng Of A 
bOrdEr fEncE. ... trUE bOrdEr-fEncE prOpOsAl gOvErnOr: shOw mE A 50-fOOt 
wAll And Ill shOw yOU A 51-fOOt lAddEr Is bOrdEr fEncE nEEdEd tO prOtEct 
Us sEcUrIty? 30k trUE thE bOrdEr fEncE prOvIsIOn Is pArt Of thE rEAl Id 
Act Of 2005, An OldEr bOrdEr fEncE cOnstrUctEd frOm scrAp mEtAl In 1993 
wAs crEdItEd wIth An 88 _3_05.txt 129k trUE A dAIly nEwspApEr wIth nEws, 
bUsInEss And spOrts fOr sAn dIEgO And rIvErsIdE cOUntIEs. bOrdEr fEncE 
0.083478 1 At "fEncE bOrdEr" 502 bAd gAtEwAy 10 fAlsE 10500000 trUE wOrk 
On A fEncE dEsIgnEd tO kEEp IllEgAl ImmIngrAnts frOm crOssIng thE 
Us-mExIcO bOrdEr hAs bEEn dEAlyEd by EnvIrOnmEntAl cOncErns. prIvAcy fEncE 
bOrdEr gOOd fEncEs mAkE gOOd nEIghbOrs. hOw mAny tImEs hAvE yOU hEArd hOw 
tO dOwnlOAd yOUr frEE gArdEn gAtE prIvAcy fEncE bOrdEr plAn: ... sUpplIEr 
Of gArdEn bOrdEr fEncE, IrOn bOrdEr fEncE, stEEl bOrdEr fEncE, wEldEd 
bOrdEr fEncE, 4k trUE fOUrtEEn mIlEs Of nEw bOrdEr fEncIng ArE bEIng 
cOnstrUctEd AlOng thE bOrdEr bEtwEEn OtAy thE nEw bOrdEr fEncE Is fIftEEn 
fEEt hIgh And nOt clImbAblE r-sEctIOns.html 77k trUE lAttIcE-And-slAt- 
dEsIgn fEncE Is mAdE Of strOng, dUrAblE pvc rEsIn thAt stAnds Up tO Any 
wEAthEr. fEncE bOrdEr sEctIOn rEqUIrEs nO pAIntIng, ... trUE thE 
wAshIngtOn tImEs nAtIOn/pOlItIcs: hOUsE ApprOvEs bOrdEr bOrdEr fEncE - 16 
rEsUlts lIkE thE cOlOnIAl fEncE gArdEn bOrdErs, ImprOvEmEnts 22 x 18-wIdE 
bOrdEr fEncEs (fInIAl tOp) (3), pAnAcEA gArdEn EdgE wIth trUE bOrdEr fEncE 
pIckEt - rEAd rEvIEws And cOmpArE thE bEst prIcEs, lIkE thE mOntgOmEry 
wArd pIckEt fEncEs bAsEbOArd bOrdEr, mOntgOmEry wArd pIckEt fEncE ... trUE 
thE trIplE bOrdEr fEncE Is 15 fEEt hIgh And clImb-prOOf. (thE trIplE 
bOrdEr fEncE) crEAtEs A spAcE Of ImpUnIty fOr thE bOrdEr pAtrOl, chrIstIAn 
... =69747439&cAtId=10511 26k trUE cOlOnIAl fEncE bOrdEr frOm AlstO. 
cOlOnIAl fEncE bOrdEr &mIddOt; EnlArgE phOtO. yOU mIght AlsO lIkE:. wIllOw 
gArdEn EdgIng fEncE bOrdEr 0.100971 1


Kind Amerikkka


Immigrants Kill. By Sam Francis. Just exactly how many murders will it 
take to convince the Open Borders lobby, whose leader now true Immigrants 
kill Scottish tourist. Sunday 7 May 2006 | International and Law and 
Disorder | Email | Print. It seems it doesn t matter where you travel in 
the ... kill Scottish tourist. It seems it doesn t matter where you travel 
in the world , on business or holiday , there is always an immigrant 
waiting ... Immigrants kill Scottish tourist.  Will Be Send To Your 
Friend. * Required. Your Name: *. Your E-Mail: *. Your Remarks:. Friends 
Name: * ... 1A9639C8B63 18k true National Briefing | South: Georgia: 
Attacks On Immigrants Kill 5. Print; Save. Article Tools Sponsored By. 
Published: October 1, 2005 ... true DEER-HUNTER SLAYINGS: WHY IMMIGRANTS 
KILL by Samuel Francis. Just exactly how many murders will it take to 
convince the Open Borders lobby, whose leader now ... true December 15, 
2004. MORALITY NOT THE ONLY TARGET OF MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL AD December 9, 
2004. DEER-HUNTER SLAYINGS: WHY IMMIGRANTS KILL November 30, 2004 ... 
majority of immigrants who came to the United States legally Illegal 
immigrants kill themselves every freaking day to give the best to ... true 
I am not simply referring to this behavior of wanting to kill immigrants. 
Kill the undocumented immigrants? April 10, 2006 @ 3:44 pm ... 2006 issue 
- Links to a bloody new Flash videogame called Border Patrol, whose object 
is to kill as many illegal immigrants as possible, immigrants kill 2006 
issue - Links to a bloody new Flash videogame called Border Patrol, whose 
object is to kill as many illegal immigrants as possible, ... Border 
Patrol, where players use a gun to kill immigrants before they cross the 
border, including a pregnant woman with two children. ... pro-immigrant 
marches inspire calls for carnage from radical right March 30, 2006 -- 
Neo-Nazis and anti-immigration extremists responded to a ... 6k true 
Sanction asked for radio station, urged to kill immigrants rifle and a 
night vision telescopic sight to kill undocumented immigrants 
indiscriminately. Officials decry KFYI radio hosts call to kill 
immigrants. Posted by clicklich on Friday April 7, 2006 at 7:48 pm MST [ 
Send Story to Friend ] ... 39k true Officials say Arizona radio hosts 
exhortation to kill immigrants dangerous. 2006-04-07 23:30:00. PHOENIX 
(AP) - An Arizona radio talk show host who ... new Flash videogame called 
Border Patrol, whose object is to kill as many illegal immigrants as 
possible, are making the rounds through ... true I am not simply referring 
to this behavior of wanting to kill immigrants. Kill the undocumented 
immigrants? April 10, 2006 @ 3:44 pm ... 04-06-914040-break.html true Thou 
shall not kill, bottom line! one man stood and shouted from the front of 
the church, alleging that Minutemen kill immigrants crossing the true Why 
Immigrants Kill. By Sam Francis. Just exactly how many murders will it 
take to convince the Open Borders lobby, whose leader now seems to be 
President kill immigrants 0.253896 1


chiasm 3


exclusive: can the president order a killing on us soil? us president bush 
speaks during a news conference at the white house in washington ... can 
the president order a killing on us soil? us president bush speaks during 
a news conference at the white house in washington ... // k true 
exclusive: can the president order a killing on us soil? newsweek. feb. , 
issue - in the latest twist in the debate over presidential powers, ... 
&cat=eb k true two presidential killings and their effects on us history. 
by bob hoover pittsburgh post-gazette august , . - dark horse: the 
surprise election and ... .html true president bush said yesterday that 
the killings in sudans darfur region constitute genocide, breaking with 
the united nations and some administration ... sectarian killings by 
so-called militias, so many record lows have been announced in president 
bushs poll numbers that ... =ll k true two presidential killings and their 
effects on us history. by bob hoover pittsburgh post-gazette august , . - 
dark horse: the surprise election and ... of crime-related political and 
injustice news. -prerogative-of.html k true the president of the united 
states has now assumed the power to order the such targeted killings which 
have worked so well in jeddah, may turki ibn khaled al-sudairi, the first 
president of the saudi human rights commission, has said that there will 
be no women on the presidential killings kennedy,_john_fitzgerald/ 
assassination false false fact-based argument for killing president bush 
may strike some as incendiary, even illegal. characters in novels dont 
kill presidents. ... [archive] killing.presidents its finally finished!! 
acacb true with: marc kudisch (proprietor), james barbour (leon czolgosz, 
who killed president william mckinley), alexander gemignani (john 
hinckley, who tried to kill ... true president bush on tuesday said, weve 
been through a lot, but theres no question in they like the idea of 
killing innocent people to shake our will; k true at that time, it was not 
legally a federal offense to kill the president. lyndon johnson taking the 
oath of office on air force one following the ... kennedy declared his 
intent to run for president of the united states. it added that he was 
likely part of a conspiracy to kill the president, ... .html true baghdad, 
april -- two sedans loaded with gunmen sped through the streets of baghdad 
on thursday morning, chasing the sister of vice president tariq ... k true 
president jalal talabani, however, rejected that option. the presidency 
council does not want to ... militants kill in baghdad parking lot (: am 
pt) ... ries&template=default k true president jalal talabani, however, 
rejected that option. vice president tariq al-hashimi, a member of the 
sunni arab accordance front, true an investigative look at the life of the 
man accused of killing president kennedy, lee harvey oswald. -- from pbs 
frontline. it all began so beautifully ... killing presidents true when 
you have a hit on your hands, especially an unexpected sleeper like the 
fast and the furious, you have to make a sequel. it s just plain and 
simple ... lay there for a while, watching myself talk to mingus while 
one-handed about others and just plain nice in a way that few rock star 
types are. ... full version : just plain scarry! some people push back is 
a furious rant written mere hours after the september th attacks, and one 
suspects ... folks is a group of over songwriters, recording artists, 
furious slugs, better late than never, ca. furley, dragon and phoenix, ny 
... ml k true fast furious actually is a good deal better than the first 
film, but in the end it s just senseless, flat, and just plain not good. 
... cosplayers who are just plain scary: i assure you, there were many 
more for my photo: name:linus furious: location:laramie, wyoming ... 
kyo-drift/ k true just reading your blog,you potray yourself as a someone 
who does very little or just plain lazy researching. comment by brian 
april , @ : am ... the mediocre gone in seconds to the just plain awful 
driven, there was yet it is wrong to call the fast and the furious just a 
guilty pleasure. ... im just plain me, which is something most people cant 
pin down. well, you do have a good point. im not saying we are just plain 
useles, im saying its ... true damnu have every right to be furious i 
would too shit.. war is not a gameand to continue to get sent ... that is 
just plain wrong! im sorry grayse. just plain furious .



(please comment if you can unpack the below - thanks, Alan)


Automata


I'm reading a book describing automata in practical terms - Automata 
Theory: An Engineering Approach, Igor Aleksander and F. Keith Hanna, Crane 
Russak, 1975. This is prior to Wolfram's main work of course on cellular 
automata; it's classical theory. In any case, as far as I can tell, given 
states and transitions, there is no indication _how long_ any particular 
transition will take; i.e. this isn't queuing theory. So one might 
consider the transitions occurring in present - as if digital-in-present, 
collapsed across what might otherwise be temporal, analogic. Given 
Wolfram's reformulation in A New Kind of Science, I wonder about the 
ontology (mathematical, even within an engineering approach) and epistem- 
ology (perhaps fundamentally discrete mathematics). Automata may at times 
be partitioned into independent automata; the substitution property is 
important here and seems to have implications for labeling. Again I'm 
thinking in terms of temporal collapse, flattening. In any case: 
"Formally, a partition of the set of states of an automaton has the 
substitution property if and only if each of its boxes maps into a single 
block under all possible inputs." And:

"The crucial significance of an automaton and an SP partition is that as 
far as next-state mappings are concerned [...], the states within a block 
could be considered as a _single state_ and an automaton could be found 
which behaves in the same way as the original automaton, but with only one 
state per block. This property is used directly in state minimization, as 
will be seen later." Further: "Given an SP partition of the states of an 
automaton, each block of which is completely output consistent, every such 
block may be replaced by a single state, providing a state-minimal automa- 
ton."

At this point, I'm well over my head (I've not reproduced the mathematical 
apparatus of course). The two points I want to make are: the possibility 
of state-minimal automatons as a rough model for language (think of the 
emblematic), and the collapse of temporality in relation to presencing 
present.

To push this analogy etc. into the realm of absurdity - consider a state- 
minimal automaton network or sememe (holarchy); if we average across the 
transitions as infinitesimals, can anything be located in relation to the 
appearance of time (as well as subjective time); second, consider one of 
the chaotic cellular automata described by Wolfram; if we average across 
the 'landscape' as it develops, can we consider this the origin of the 
analogic?

I realize neither my mathematics nor my grasp of automata concepts is 
particularly strong, but I wanted to throw this out (not literally) for 
comment -

Alan


Interlewd!!


The Flexible Girls Makes Love In The Most Extreme Gymnastic Positions! 
They Are Incredibly Sexy And Flexible! I dream of you to wake would that I 
might Dream of you and not wake but slumber on!!! Yes, time goes by and 
have with every successive day we shoot more and more of these cute girls 
who are getting more and more frank with about their every new set! Don't 
waste your chance to male beauty in the very prime of life ! Cute girls 
love men who love cute girls! To look at cute girls men love such beauty! 
Cute, flexible, cute, somersault-flips! Girls who touch their toes! Girls 
who touch your toes! Your toes touch girls who slumber dream Cart-Wheel 
dreams! Amazing sexy Cart-Wheels! Dreams! Amazing Flexible sexy Flexible 
Flexible sexy Flexible Makes Cart-Wheels! The Love Dreams! The In The The 
Flexible The The Makes The Most In The The Most Flexible The Extreme Girls 
The Positions! Makes In They In In They The In Are Extreme In Are 
Positions! The Are Are The Are Sexy Most They And Gymnastic They Flexible! 
Positions! They I Are They I Sexy They dream Flexible! They dream I Are I 
of Incredibly I to Sexy I wake Flexible! Flexible! wake I Flexible! would 
of Flexible! would to I would would I would I dream would might you wake 
Dream to wake of would wake you I wake you Dream wake you of would of and 
that of not I of but Dream Dream but of Dream slumber and Dream slumber 
wake of slumber slumber of slumber on!!! you slumber time and but goes 
wake but by slumber but and Yes, but and time but and by slumber and have 
on!!! by with Yes, by successive time by successive by goes day have goes 
day every by day day by day we and day more have successive and every 
successive more day successive of we successive of more successive of more 
day of these we more cute shoot more who more more who more and are these 
and are girls more are are more are getting of are and these are more 
girls who frank who who with getting who with and who with frank are with 
about getting with their more frank new and frank new frank frank set! 
about frank Don't every frank Don't new frank set! Don't with set! your 
about set! chance every new to new new male Don't new male your new male 
to set! male beauty Don't male in waste to the your to very to to prime 
beauty to of in to of very to of of male prime ! beauty prime Cute the 
prime girls very very love of very love ! very love girls prime love love 
of love who life girls love ! girls cute girls girls girls! love girls To 
who girls To cute girls To To love girls! at men girls! cute who girls! 
girls cute cute men To cute men at cute men girls girls! men men To men 
such look men beauty! at girls Cute, cute girls flexible, men girls cute, 
such girls cute, Cute, girls cute, cute, men cute, somersault-flips! love 
flexible, who such flexible, touch Cute, flexible, their cute, Cute, their 
Girls Cute, their who flexible, their their cute, their Girls somersault- 
flips! their who Girls touch touch who touch your their touch toes! Girls 
touch toes! touch touch toes! toes! their toes! Your toes! your touch 
Girls your girls touch your who toes! touch who Your your who touch your 
who who toes! who dream toes! who Cart-Wheel toes who dreams! touch girls 
Amazing who girls sexy dream girls sexy dreams! girls sexy sexy who sexy 
Cart-Wheels! slumber Amazing dream Amazing dreams! Amazing Amazing Amazing 
Cart-Wheels! Amazing Amazing sexy sexy Dreams!  oes ions!  They Are 
Incredibly Sexy And Flexible! I dream of you wake bu Dream of you and no 
Ex Wheel dreams! Amazing sexy Car Wheels! Dreams!  Dream of you and no e 
girls who are ge e girls who are ge wake bu ions!  They Are Incredibly 
Sexy And Flexible! I dream of you ions!  They Are Incredibly Sexy And 
Flexible! I dream of you ime goes by and have wi heir every new se was h 
abou ime goes by and have wi slumber on!!! Yes, e girls who are ge o male 
beau e girls! To look a he very prime of life ! Cu e girls! To look a 
-flips! Girls who e, somersaul e girls love men who love cu was o male 
beau e, flexible, cu oes! Your ouch girls who slumber dream Car heir cu cu 
ouch oes! Girls who ouch oes! Your ouch girls who slumber dream Car!


Commentary, Visuddhi Magga


"Next, after he has put on his waist cloth as one who hides an abscess, 
and tied his waist band as one who ties a bandage on a wound, and robed 
himself in his upper robes as one who hides a skeleton, and takes out his 
bowl as one who takes out a pan for medicine, when he reaches the vicinity 
of the village gate, perhaps the sight of an elephant's carcase, a horse's 
carcase, a buffalo's carcase, a human carcase, a snake's carcase, or a 
dog's carcase, awaits him, and not only that but he has to suffer his nose 
to be assailed by the smell of them." - from Visuddhi Magga, The Path of 
Purification, by Buddhaghosa, trans. Nanamoli. 

"And thus, bhikkhu, what is enlightenment, what is the cessation of suf- 
fering, in the body that suffers, that does not comprehend what it does or 
does not suffer, which no longer understands beyond the pain of the wound, 
the disease? What is to be done with senescence, with delirium, with decay 
within which the name is no longer spoken, the ears no longer hear, the 
eyes no longer see, the mind no longer remembers the paths of meditation, 
nor does not remember to forget them, nor forget to remember them? And 
what, bhikkhu, if I am not in my right mind, if I am subject to such 
visions that I am the subject of such visions, if such visions are the 
breadth and depth of my world? What is then enlightenment, all but forgot- 
ten in the quagmire of nightmare which does not abandon me in the light of 
day? What then? What if it is the decay of my body that forms the decay of 
my body and the decay of my mind? What if, near death, I am not conscious 
of death, not conscious of world and non-world, not conscious of Buddha 
and non-Buddha, not conscious of dhamma, what then? For are we not always 
of this path of deterioration, of mental incapacity, of sickness unto 
death, are we not always of this path of inconceivability, impossibility, 
of such illness that the mind no longer speaks, nor thinks, nor imagines, 
nor dreams? And what is an exception to this, and what is the norm of 
this? And what are the vagaries of fevers, that nothing remains in focus, 
that pain cannot be banished from pain, what then? And must we not drive 
our body and our mind, but drive them just so far, before the limit and 
degree of cessation, before right-mind is lost, before dependent origina- 
tion is no longer cause for concern, no longer understood, spoken, in and 
out of mind, present and non-present, remembered and forgotten? Do we not 
teeter on the edge of the abyss before all is lost, before sickness car- 
ries us to the nonsense of meditation, the absurdity of absurdity? Are we 
not driven by our own instincts to crawl upon the earth, to swallow it, in 
order to remain alive, our mind no longer thinking, no longer ours, yours, 
no longer not-ours, not yours? What is enlightenment, what can be done, 
when there is nothing to be done, no one to be doing, no thing, no doing, 
but not language, memory, meditation, state, paradox, consciousness, 
dream, unconsciousness, nothing, not even the annihilation of death, not 
even cessation, not even the cessation of cessation, what then? For then 
there shall be no speaking, no asking, no remembering, no chanting, no 
meditation, no dreaming, no forgetting? And what then? For then there 
shall be pain, no pain, and what then? Mind disappears into ignorance, 
ignorance disappears. Why, bhikkhu, is there enlightenment at one time and 
not another? Why must one be healthy, or unhealthy, or hungry, or of 
satiation, or thirsty, or fulfilled? Why must one negate all desires, or 
negate none of them? Why enlightenment? Why purity, and why not impurity? 
When impurity breeds impurity, when ought is pure? When purity breeds 
purity, when ought is impure? Of what use, what concern, bhikkhu? When one 
no longer speaks of these things, when one can no longer speak of these 
things, when one can no longer speak, when nothing at all, what then?

"There are here in the Victor's Dispensation
"Seekers gone forth from home to homelessness,
"And who although desiring purity
"Have no right knowledge of the sure straight way --"

And what, bhikkhu, given all that I have said and thought, what if there 
is no knowledge, no right knowledge, no false knowledge, what of sickness 
and unthinking, what of dementia and no rightness, what if there is no 
way, what if there is no straightness, if the eye cannot see, the ear 
cannot hear, the mind cannot think, cannot unthinking, cannot desire 
purity or impurity, cannot desire, what if there is no mindfulness, what 
if there is no home? What then, bhikkhu, what then?



Track 16 Performance Text May 27 06


(Real-time typing/improvisation laptop performance with A/V files. We
had a fine audience.)

ST this is an 'abrupt start' usually i begin outside a gallery context
or in some other context, this is a difficult situation, after all the 
gallery's overdetermined i went to the Joan Jonas show today and for the 
past few days hope you saw it - by the way the image above is the 
Ukrainian revolution - anyway - the show was about memory and display and 
masquerade and gender but it was also about $180000, I think that's the 
right amount of zeroes, well that doesn' t matter but I'd have liked to 
have a copy of the DVD - artists tend to exchange dvds and poetry books 
(we're all fucking poor) and here within the institutionalization (love 
that word, it's like deterritorialization) of the gallery system we're 
barred, so damnit we should go ihn, but the show's closed and then - oh, 
the mp3's almost over - and make a bootleg of Jonas anyway if anyone has a 
bootleg we'll pay about ten dollars for it that's twice the new york 
street price - so - the doctor piece usually comes up later - somehwere 
about halfway through the piece - it just appeared early this time, i'm 
sorry, i hope it doesn't throw you off - it takes a while, I'm beginning 
but just beginning -- to sink into the images - that is, it's cranial - 
something will emerge, it might just take a while, please be patient and 
if not, well you've waisted only a little bit of time - every so often we 
try and _get on the screen _ = make some sort of connection - what this 
work is about, this work in general, screen images, that's all you're 
seeing here - connected with bodies in displayed or inconceivable 
positions - bodies appearing out of nowhere - bodies representative of 
empire - of broken desire - of things gone horribly wrong - if you read 
the history of the late roman empire - it becomes a history of chains, of 
tortures, of factions each intent on ravaging countrysides - it's not true 
people can live through anything - agriculture must have been destoryed - 
all for foreign wars - these were in - these were in main for the most 
part - Iraq - Persia then - toomany resources - what was going onat home - 
rome wasn't the ceneter any more - there were lots of emperors doing the 
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED bit back then - most of them were killed falling on 
their own swords - the Goths came in - other groups - that was about i t- 
now - it's about the same thing - different weapons -d own from the analog 
to the digital - things coming apart in pieces - inconceivable fucking -- 
bodies in untoward positions - there's no return - you just can't make 
heads like this can you? unless you're at war in which case you can make 
them any way you want -
Azure (on the right thank god) is dancing - you can hear her footsteps - 
so what - so what you're hearing - what's coming through - is radio - 
radio waves - this show is about transmissions - emissions - radiations - 
pollutions - so you're listening - that's the radio - the white box - you 
can hear very low frequency radio - she's interfering with the planhte' 
planet's atmosphere - literally - changing the radio patterning - that's 
what you're listening to - this is the sound - all of this - of the field 
telephone - in the tent in front of you - connected to Leslie Thornton's 
tent in the other room - when the batteries are in it - I shipped the 
batteries - they exploded on the way here - i didn't know it - I unpacked 
them - my hands were covered with acid, well I thought, we should just 
LOOK at them - this is a true story by the way - I don't know if you're 
paying attention - oh oh the phone , the tiny phone in the tent, loves 
listening to itself, it can finally have a mirror, it can say - this is 
what I sound like, LISTEN TO ME! - across the country we looked for places 
to record very low frequency radio - you have to be away from 
civilizaiton, specificlly the power grid - the electircal grid which 
interferes with it - that's what we're doing - going wherever ther's not 
that buzz, that interfering buzz - in any case - and in this image - in 
this image - there's something taken aparet - there's - a distortion, 
tension in the fac e- the face can be pulled apart - whjen you play:
1. war
2. digital
you can pull apart faces. Now I'm not saying that
war = digital = botox
nothing like that - but that all of these - it's like character trates - 
this is the conclusion of a silent film which I thought you might enjoy 
since th eonly voice here is my own - if yo haven't been in the trolley 
car - but first, notice the masts in the water - this is a sunken 
lightship off brooklyn - this is an `897 trolley - that's eighteen ninety 
seven - trolleys keep following me - they're the subject of this space - 
of bergamot - this is being moved - it's an electricla trolley - a book in 
the case - actually case two I think maybe not - in the room on the left - 
is called Benedict Arnold and is part of the Electrical Series - I think 
1858 - not sure of the date - it's next to a very old 1897 or thereabouts 
telegraph receiver - these are I think maybe in the same case? as the 
spinthariscope which contains radium from 1903 just around when it was 
discovered - the thing still works - and in the next cage - older analog 
behaviors - there are slides, perhaps you've noticed them? of 
tuberculosis, diptheria, plague, I forget the rest - things that rot your 
insides out, parasites, dead men walking - I think the slides are harmless 
now - I hope so, I've been handling them - they've been leaking - it's 
always worth while: DOUBLE YOUR YODEL (this is an aside) (to what?) - here 
comes Azure and myself at home - you can see we're losing focus here - but 
at least, wow what modelling!!! - the performer on the right - she'll be 
out in a moment - she's not performing - she's tuning - the sound - is 
from work I've done - somewhere in NY - not NYC - somewhere else - it's 
Anja Schmidt - who - I think - can become trance/en-tranced/entranced 
quickly - you will have to wait - it's there - there's always smething in 
the ditgital domain - iv'e worked with dancers - continue to work with 
dancers - first, dance is something I can't do - I'm impossible, I can't 
move at all - I'm traumatized - it's like war - it's like Speer walking 
round and round the prison after the war - I admire people who can move - 
who are free to move - who don't worry about it - who don't think about it 
- so I hve these opportunities - it's as if the world were murmuring - 
somewhere else beyond slaughter - somewhere into water - that is Maud 
dancing below - she gets tired - she repeatss herself - she can't continue 
repeating herself - she falls out - falls over - falls into line - falls 
out of favor - what fascinates me - in other words - is always, 
everywhere, the inconceivable - what possibilities exist beyond 
possibilities - what nestings are possible - for example - within the 
tents - within the fabric of the tents - outside the realm - of any other 
possibilities - outside the realm of slaughter - if I could assassinate - 
if I had the courage - I'd put an end to things - but behind every killer 
is another killer - I admit freely here - I'm a coward - I'm afraid of 
pain - afraid of killing - I wouldn't know how - wouldn't know what I was 
doing....
- this is radio radio - this is antennta azure - this is the sound of 
atmosphere - this is the fury of wire - and this - moreso - this is Foofwa 
d'Imobilite - working the wire - the same wire - it's antenna connected to 
vlf to recording device to speaker back into room back into wire vibration 
-
so where were we = within the analog realm of the real, nothing but 
slaughter: NOTHING but slaughter - within the digital realm of the real - 
REAL not VIRTUAL - nothing but REARRANGEMENT - tensor calculus - 
inconceivability - it returns to slaughter with a longer loop -
this show is called em/bedded - em/bedded with slaughter, bedded with 
slaughter - embedded in Iraq - following the troops of Rome into Persia - 
into slaughter - into inconceivable analog torture - EM/bedded - that dash 
or hyphen of the typographical - dividing words - leading you on - 
crashing against itself - as if there were somewhere to go - there's 
nowhere to go - I do hope you like the show - why am I here at this point? 
- this is where I'd rather be - THIS is where I'd rather be - by the way 
we're NOT in the trolley car now - there are usually two more projections 
ther e- if you haven't wandered in - this is somewhere else - what I can 
do - while speices are being slaughtered (three to four an hour, the 
verdict's not clear) - I can combine things - just as here - as if babies 
could do that: think of it - babies can't do that - CAN'T do that - but 
dancers CAN do that - and I can't do much of anything - earl
Earl
Earl
Earlier today I saw the Joan Jonas shhow again and - what was amazing, I 
thought, she's an artist, it's made to look easy, she's breathing that way 
- it's that way so smooth - kind of like Coleridge in fact thought about 
Wordsworth but that's another sotry - and then I thought - kind of like 
Coleridge - perhaps I should give up art altogether - at least this THIS 
kind of art - which makes no money and is CONTRIVED in relation to Joan 
Jonas - at least in relation to her =- and is orders of magnitue smaller 
than one hundred eighty thousand UNITED STATES DOLLARS - so then, well, 
I'd give away the dvds...
that's US on the right, and PREFAB on the left....
AND THANK YOU FOR COMING AND HOPE YOU ENJOY THE REST OF THE SHOW - 
  

dropping the door on my little sister


1. dropping 

the "door" 
would make me sleep with my "sister" 
(...) 
(...) 
(...) 
(...) 
(...) 
(...) 
* * * 
* * * 
an object that has no propeties, characteristics, or behaviors - 

2. the door 

