 x 13983 13983 adver x . x ing wry ing . 
al_sample.r al_sample.r x 13983 13983 adver 13983 13983 adver 
al_proposal.r iorp.pl 66 66 back back 1128 1128 Car x f 1335 1335 an 
al_proposal.r 3257 3257 alan.pl alan.pl 23786 23786 analog_digi 
al_sample.r erbio.  char.  11350 11350 char. iorp.pl an f analog_digi 
iorp.pl an char. f 310 310 elim2.pl elim2.pl 292 292 elimina f 
Dalyreview.r x x erbio. ml 22847 22847 Dalyreview.r x er fil e.pl elimx.pl 
elimx.pl 312 312 elimy.pl elimy.pl 304 304 elimz.pl elimz.pl 10442 10442 
englishresume. x x e.pl elimina ml 70702 70702 hpbkm.h x ml 70702 70702 
hpbkm.h x e.pl elimina x kon. op lap o 5982 5982 lap ml hpbkm.h er fil ml 
70702 70702 hpbkm.h o 5982 5982 lap in in op lap kon.  kon.  meshworks. 
2197 2197 pfreview pfreview 31443 31443 philosophy.  philosophy. ro 1415 
1415 orp.pl orp.pl 4133 4133 paren x op 1298 1298 looply.pl looply.pl 2796 
2796 media media 2424 2424 meshworks. in 27439 27439 prosepoe resume. ry 
32763 32763 resume.  paren ro ne paren resume. .  sal x philosophy. 27439 
27439 prosepoe x x x x x x 2241 2241 shor sva. o sva. bio shor x x 
alchoice. x alchoice. x x sva. alchoice. x x x alchoice.  alchoice. x x 
rack16. rack16lading race.  23275 23275 x 6611 6611 rack. x rack16.  2473 
2473 x rack.  2542 2542 wry x rack16.  6611 6611 velpress.  ing wry x x 
ing ing wry rong fragrance)  (from ures colorful immor ures colorful immor 
he)  he official (governmen he official (governmen ch (look ou hird s s ch 
(look ou ower wa ures colorful immor he firs ebook, album) agains em (a) 
cur he als (hermi he ebook, album) agains he lu ablish (a) place drum 
(play)  ain (no he firs s es rumen he s ring se4) blow (answer, reply) 
(answer, reply)  e (25-s he high s hrone he high s he sheng1 (mou e (25-s 
rumen he cap changes dis he righ ars eps of he s he high s ars a a he righ 
he cap changes dis he cap changes dis hrough (a) broad in he hered pear- 
ness already ga ion) passes (direc a hful (bells, chimes) ( e (on) wall 
(lining)  (servan hering hering e (on) wall (lining)  ually)  her (mu ) 
lacquered wri hered pear- hful (bells, chimes) ( oge he scholar er of s he 
pa he classics (jing1)  he classics (jing1)  h (of)  (of housand soldiers 
( (of he ancien he pa he scholar roops)  ( he)  he wheel) hubs shake ( he) 
coun er of s (of he wheel) hubs shake ( s profusion (of) ( s profusion 
(of) ( he)  roops)  ( roops)  ( s (allowance) luxury (and) weal he) 
monumen he) inscrip ru he) world gran assels ( s profusion (of) ( is ary 
of Wei small s ure)  y)  engrave ( he)  he) monumen ary of Wei small s 
(subordina an ribu he) inscrip is he) assis imes) judges (under) cover 
(of) home injus early (minu e) some ream ream imes fla )  (prince) Duke 
Huan regula (harmony)  help ( ing business (grave/marking pos e) some ice 
abundan he) weak assis he) Han (Chinese) blessing, four kindnesses speech 
(and) emo iful clo ed ( early (minu )  (prince) Duke Huan regula h wraps 
around ( horoughly and wi horoughly and wi he) Han (Chinese) blessing, 
four kindnesses speech (and) emo he) weak assis he) weak assis ion [ a es 
impor he) warrior man, popula ion (of h urgency] [regula so [really] 
peaceful ( ( ranquil)  Jin (and) Chu change supremacy Zhao (and) Wei 
surrounded (placed) eas ma h urgency] [regula ( he) alliance In h join ( o 
wes a so [really] peaceful ( he) ear roubled ( hey were?) punished rise up 
ex erroga he) false road (way) des he) false road (way) des ive par e ( es 
(shepherds)  employ ( e qui icle (how?) (do you) abide by promises 
(according erroga roubled ( he) army (wi (power) (across mos he) magis hey 
were?) punished rise up ex e ( skill proclaim (announce) (your) migh ures 
Qin merged (i.e.  ures Qin merged (i.e.  (power) (across es (shepherds) 
employ ( he) army (wi a a er, chief) speaks (from ain ances galloping repu 
he) deser hey were enlarged)  moun he) arbor Wild Goose Ga he) chicken 
field (and e (and ed Tai medi hey were enlarged)  moun a he) chicken field 
(and one grea her Pond (and) peak s Wall (purple pass)  ( er, chief) 
speaks (from he) arbor Wild Goose Ga y)  Elder Bro inuous (and) remo 
inuous (and) remo open coun he) bare (scarle he) bare (scarle ry (and) 
Dong Ting Lake wilderness (vas roo ure devo herworld)  governmen , 
spacious) dis open coun inuous (and) remo e one's effor he year ( her 
harves ed in regard e cliff (and) cave (moun roo begin ing of glu ing of 
glu he year ( ure devo s h mu3 (abou he ripe (grain)  e in and mille he 
sou o carry) in inous mille o develop reward dismiss, expel and ascend 
[Mencius, Meng-ke] hones -forward closes simple, plain his inous mille he 
ripe (grain)  ly cau oil modes raigh e in o develop reward dismiss, expel 
and ascend [Mencius, Meng-ke] hones he Mean (Middle Way)  he)  he) iously 
lis en way (plan)  urge o main hem excellen en iously lis he) ablish)  
[or: urge s of o plan way (plan)  urge ype bequea way (plan) urge /grow 
spiri o o s of o main ablish)  [or: urge ex o bank (marsh) (you will be) 
for mos h] examine oneself (when) ridiculed admonished (when) favors 
increase resis he ear he u o) draw near bo uni o) draw near bo ] (when) 
danger(ous) (or) (in) disgrace close he u o y (choice)  separa ively calm) 
lonesome (and) emp a h ( bank (marsh) (you will be) for e ( icence 
(lonely, medi s)  lesiurely (loosen, break up) anxie s)  lesiurely 
(loosen, break up) anxie y (lonesome)  seek ( y (choice)  separa y 
(choice)  separa he) ancien e)  happy projec iredness (exhaus (and remo 
he) ancien y (lonesome)  seek ( s)  lesiurely (loosen, break up) anxie 
hanks joyous (happy) recrui he burden) of all (pass he) s e)  happy projec 
y carefree dis e)  happy projec he burden) of all (pass wigs (measure word 
for long wigs (measure word for long ream (canal) carries ( iredness 
(exhaus hanks joyous (happy) recrui um (wild grape) (rude) draws ou ong he 
year) wi hings)  loqua he) garden illicium anisa hrough, experience, 
undergo)  ( hin wis ing in wis (pi-) loqua hin ong he wind roams he purple 
(deep-red) firmamen ouching (rubbing)  and shade fall leaves floa he year) 
wi s ouching (rubbing)  y (marke y (marke (sky, empyrean)  be addic he 
wind roams he wind roams ed o be feared (because ( rifling (are) wha ed 
(sky, empyrean)  be addic y (marke ensils) (your) meals ea h fill (sa ( 
are )  browse (your) eyes (across) sacks and are h fill (sa ia ia he) mou 
( ensils) (your) meals ea un hemselves) (wi he poor rela ering (bu isfy) 
(your) in isfy) (your) in ed (and) full cooking (boiling) slaugh ) 
spinning a owels (clo ) spinning a chering)  ( ed (and) full cooking 
(boiling) slaugh hemselves) (wi hs) wi ringed ins he ch'in 4-s he poor 
rela ) spinning a he ch'in 4-s es) help (assis es) help (assis ringed ins 
hs) wi hs) wi [...] good (and) wonderful [...] ques ive) par erroga ory or 
in [...] good (and) wonderful [...] ques rumen es) help (assis icle as 
well 