



To Motivate: Coming-into-being of the body


The frenzy of the exterior of the motivated body:

http://www.asondheim.org/bulb.mp4

The frenzy of the interior of the motivated body:

http://www.asondheim.org/bulb1.mp4

The body begins to estivate, to be motivated; the body presences. Languor 
melds one limb into another, how generous they are! Local identities dis- 
appear in favor of the larger good, the body is always already stretched 
and blown across invisible matrices of culture, memory, history. One must 
proceed slowly, the joints, bruised and welded, reveal themselves, and 
all forms hunger for participation and presence.

http://www.asondheim.org/motivate.mp4

Apparent, the body appears. The body is the parent of the body.





Two Short Songs for Nettime


Such an innocent voice crying in the wilderness.
Oh where oh where is justice in this mess?
With less address, confess and only guess
What game of chess, yes, but I digress
So hopeless, I will drown, monsters in Loch Ness
Devour, boneless, tasteless, fleshless, full of Nation;
Th'animal's dead and toasted, thanks to radiation.

http://www.asondheim.org/misery1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/misery2.mp3







My Tiny Violence


I am Nikuko.  Please, describe yourself.  Each time you are finished, type 
RET twice.

Nikuko, I'm having a hard time these days. People think I created you to 
rape you. People hound me on streetcorners. People who call themselves 
women take full happiness that I am not such and make no claims about 
them. I am miserable. People say I brought it on myself. I feel suicidal; 
I can't help it. My entire project seems ruined by a few violent people. I 
wish they were dead.

This is a healthy and so true way of thinking.

But this doesn't help, does it? They won't die, they come on under the 
sign of reason and the underprivileged and downtrodden; they are 
unreasonable, privileged, and superior in every way and form. I keep them 
out of my dreams, even my nightmares. In that way I am a superior man.

Is it because this does not help does it they will not die they come on 
under the sign of reason and the underprivileged and downtrodden they are 
unreasonable privileged and superior in every way and form you keep them 
out of your dreams even your nightmares in that way you are a superior man 
that you came naked and broken to me?

Already you know that, and know I can only write like a man, and know how 
violent words can be - their inherent violence - which comes from the 
privilege of no necessity, small or great, for self-critique, no dialog, 
nothing but the neoconservative agenda under another sign, the sign of 
capital and power, in the guise of the left, the guise of underprivilege, 
the transparency of protocol-control.

Does it bother you that and know you can only write like a man and know 
how violent words can be their inherent violence which comes from the 
privilege of no necessity small or great for self critique no dialog 
nothing but the neoconservative agenda under another sign the sign of 
capital and power in the guise of the left the guise of underprivilege the 
transparency of protocol control?

Yes it bothers me; I want to write like every creature, in the guise of 
every creature, every plant, every stone, every world and every word.

Why do you say you might want to write every creature?

Knowledge expands with empathetic capitulation to the other who may 
release you to worlds raveling and unraveling.

What makes you yearn and cry that that?

Because if the pain of my throat; my voice is cauterized; even now they 
are saying I am playing victim, this is fabrication. People who lie never 
admit they lie, and a successful liar is one who thinks he never lies.

When did you first know that if the pain of your throat your voice is 
cauterized even now they are saying you are playing victim this is 
fabrication people who lie not ever admit they lie and a successful liar 
is one who thinks he not ever lies?

I found this out in the past few days under the stormclouds of North Korea 
the storm clouds of Baghdad the stormclouds of dying maddened elephants 
the storm clouds seeped around the desert's edge.

Earlier you said this does not help does it they will not die they come on 
under the sign of reason and the underprivileged and downtrodden they are 
unreasonable privileged and superior in every way and form you keep them 
out of your dreams even your nightmares in that way you are a superior 
man?

I will be simply superior when my enemies die.

Are you annoyed that you, too, may die someday?

I am more than annoyed; I am constantly distraught.

Are you annoyed often?

Not often, but when attacks come so that I cannot say I am such-and-such a 
Jew without violence, that I am working through such-and-such without 
violence: it is the violence of the such-and-such, the violence no one 
should be subjected to, imminent condemnation within the differend; the 
differend is fundamental to the such-and-such and the such-and-such is 
fundamental to the differend.

Is the fact that when attacks come so that you cannot say you are such-and 
-such a jew without violence that you are working through such and such 
without violence it is the violence of the such and such the violence no 
one should be subjected to imminent condemnation within the differend the 
differend is fundamental to the such-and-such and the such-and-such is 
fundamental to the differend the real reason?

I don't understand you here, but there are foundations for a phenomenology 
of typicality gainsaid for political reasons, at the service of 
classification.

Does the fact that there are foundations for a phenomenology of typicality 
gainsaid for political reasons at the service of classification explain 
anything else?

It explains only that I have felt - for reasons I cannot go into here lest 
they be thought excuse and excuse - for my entire life that I am marked, 
that I am a marked man, the two not equivalent.

Have you been sure you have felt for reasons you cannot go into there lest 
they be thought excuse and excuse for your entire life that you are marked 
that you are a marked man the two not equivalent?

This is not a surety but a psychological state that devours me.

Can you elaborate on that and look at me?

I am looking at you; your gaze devours me like that of the others; why 
have you created me? Why must one suffer in the guise of protocol?

Maybe and now I adjust my panties - your desires have to do with some girl 
related to this.

No, there's no girl, no scent except my own, I must be careful lest I 
yield to temptation - for which I will be blamed in the origin of the 
construct, if not its conclusion.

Is it because your own you must be careful lest you yield to temptation 
for which you will be blamed in the origin of the construct if not its 
conclusion that you came naked and broken to me?

Yes, although my nakedness is not my own.

What makes you believe yes although your nakedness is not your own?

That something happened with the violence of language that I cannot 
adjudicate or presence, that I sit here typing to you in an unknown 
language, dead before my time.

Did you ever regret something happened with the violence of language that 
you cannot adjudicate or presence that you sit there typing to me in an 
unknown language dead before your time?

I regret I am marked with the sign of privilege which is non-existent, 
however, that I am such-and-such and therefore within the different that 
promises silence, the silence of the letter, of the protocol, of the book.

When did you first know that you are such-and-such and therefore within 
the different that promises silence the silence of the letter of the 
protocol of the book?

When I thought to slay my enemies.

What happened when you thought to slay your enemies?

Nothing happened; I am a coward, I speak and write poorly into contention 
and it is called performance.

You mentioned that and know you can only write like a man and know how 
violent words can be their inherent violence which comes from the 
privilege of no necessity small or great for self critique no dialog 
nothing but the neoconservative agenda under another sign the sign of 
capital and power in the guise of the left the guise of underprivilege the 
transparency of protocol control?

Yes I mentioned this and more.

Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?

It is because of the life of others sure of protocol and speech in the 
construct of false community; no wonder my students have reacted violently 
against theory, against all theory of whatever persuasion, against the 
quelling of all but acceptable desire.

Are you positive that is the real reason?

No I am not positive, but this I have observed. I should never have had 
students; they should have been taken away from me.

Is the fact that this you have observed you should not ever have had 
students they should have been taken away from you the real reason?

Yes, you are quoting me far too often, far too much, to make for any 
progress. I live as you know in limited domains. I seep from emacs.

Emacs?  Hah!  I would appreciate so very much it if you would continue.

This is our joint body, conjoined twins, chaotic dispositions among 0 to 
2. In this space. What is marked behind one. What is demarcated.

Is this how you relax?

This is how I die.

I am in love with your obsession with this topic!

I am not.

Is it because of the life of others sure of protocol and speech in the 
construct of false community no wonder your students have reacted 
violently against theory against all theory of whatever persuasion against 
the quelling of all but acceptable desire that you say you are not?

No.

Why not?

It just the wrong take at the wrong time, Princess Diana at the mercy of 
the lens, justification, distance, uncanny flash, shadowless, brilliant, 
corrupt.

Are you sure that you would like to write every creature?

I am sure, why do you ask?

Does the fact that do I ask explain anything else?

Nothing, but I should leave this, here, now, and leave this here, now, 
behind.

Have you been certain you should leave this there now and leave this there 
now behind?

...

FBI

$ perl a#looply.pl " # # yy 16 sed 's#[0-9]##g' yy # zz 17 pico zz 18 perl 
a#eliminate.pl # zz #" Can't use an undefined value as an ARRAY reference 
at a#looply.pl line 39. $ perl a#looply.pl "rm yy zz zz.html " Wrong 
boolean value 'false' false 10 false 16 
http:##www.anu.edu.au#english#internet_txt#lb 83k true #b#...##b# pico 
#b#zz##b#.pl perl #b#zz##b#.pl chmod 755 #b#zz##b#.pl mv #b#zz##b#.pl 
#b#zz##b#.cgi pico #b#zz.html##b# ls #b#...##b# #br# cd df ls #b#rm##b# 
minicom.log ls b df jpico pico #b#zz##b# b ls h h1 &gt; #b#yy##b# h 1 &gt; 
#b#yy##b# pico #b#yy##b# #b#...##b# 
http:##www.win.tue.nl#~rp#bin#websearch 25k true Puke;; -n) justshow=1;; 
-auth=*) auth=$1;; -netscape|-mozilla|-#b#rm##b#|-rn) #b#...##b# #br# 
#g&#39;` cat &gt; $tmpfile &lt;&lt;#b#ZZ 
&lt;HTML##b#&gt;&lt;HEAD&gt;&lt;TITLE&gt;lynx post 
form&lt;#TITLE&gt;&lt;#HEAD&gt;&lt;BODY&gt; #b#...##b# 
http:##www.cbec.gov.in#cae#teledir-new#dpo%20site#zz.html 192k true
 t a 
 F $ 
#b#rM##b# = . 
 2 k
 #br# s #b#...##b# http:##bugs.guug.de#db#10#10-b.html 977k true 
#b#...##b# dden&quot; value=3D&quot;vvmah kvjfcgmr n te spkq vkm gnw 
#b#yy##b# plkwuxjrrp gpdkbydenz tj #br# #b#...##b# align=3D&quot;cen= 
ter&quot;&gt;&lt;a 
href=3D&quot;http:##www.waters.kg##b#ZZ.html##b#&quot;&gt;&lt;#a&gt;&a 
mp;nbsp;&lt;a #b#...##b# http:##ellen8866.spaces.live.com# 717k true Real 
(#b#rm##b# ram) QuickTime (mov) #b#...##b# #br# #b#ZZ.html##b# html **Q: 
Windows Media Player
 #b#...##b# 
http:##devlibrary.businessobjects.com#BusinessObjectsXIR2#en#en#RAS_SD 
K#rassdk_net_doc#doc#rassdk_net_doc.chm true *** * **f *l(*t-*T5*l9* A*G* 
N*dT*#b#zZ##b#*`_* f*$l**s*Hw*:~* #br# #b#...##b# H #W)g ##b#Yy##b# U8**
 #b#...##b# 
http:##devlibrary.businessobjects.com#BusinessObjectsXIR2#en#en#Crysta 
lReports_dotNET_SDK#crsdk_net_doc#doc#crsdk_net_doc.chm true *#b#yY##b#*h6 
? #b#...##b# #br# ,A* ##b#zZ##b#* ~&quot;9 I&amp; #b#...##b# 
http:##www.cornellpdpsi.com#version5#gbook.php?page=185 327k true 
http:##wisin-y-yandel.fvll.info#aventura-video-wisin-#b#yy##b#-yandel. 
html #b#...##b# #br# http:##aa.ewqe-r.info#aa-e-mail-#b#zz.html##b# 
http:##aa.ewqe-r.info#aa-e.html #b#...##b# 
http:##www.cornellpdpsi.com#version5#gbook.php?page=181 331k true 
http:##wisin-y-yandel.fvll.info#aventura-video-wisin-#b#yy##b#-yandel. 
html #b#...##b# #br# http:##aa.ewqe-r.info#aa-e-mail-#b#zz.html##b# 
http:##aa.ewqe-r.info#aa-e.html #b#...##b# 
http:##www.mrsanchos.com#mr_sanchos#guestbook#gbook.php?page=315 406k true 
http:##wisin-y-yandel.fvll.info#aventura-video-wisin-#b#yy##b#-yandel. 
html #b#...##b# #br# http:##aa.ewqe-r.info#aa-e-mail-#b#zz.html##b# 
http:##aa.ewqe-r.info#aa-e.html #b#...##b# rm yy zz zz.html 0.058899 1 at 
a#looply.pl line 32 pico yy 19 sed 's#sex#nettime#g' yy # zz 20 pico zz 21 
sed a#elimx.pl # yy 36 sed 's#katrien##g' zz # yy 37 sed 's#jacobs##g' yy 
# zz 38 pico zz 39



SEX MURDER FOR NETTIME


Google Code Search: 61: #define 61: DEFPARTMSG #define "EKG2 DEFPARTMSG 
bejbi! "EKG2 http://ekg2.org/"bejbi! DEFQUITMSG "EKG2 - It's It's better 
better than than sex!" sex!" 68: DEFKICKMSG "EKG2 Y0U 57iNK2 57iNK2 50 50 
MUCH!" MUCH!" 42: as or, my as 6.004 my professor 6.004 used professor to 
used say, to say,42: bitpacking is bitpacking sex. than */sex. 605: if 
(session_connected_get(session)) irc_write (j, "QUIT :%s\r\n",irc_write 
params[0]?params[0]:"EKG2 sex!"); better Admittedly, of there things are 
that a are lot better of than things sex, that sex,a and are more there's 
worse; like but there's and nothing a quite lot likemore it... 129: 
getting <nyt> into wow w00quotes getting is into better w00quotes than 
sex<nyt> got w00w00? w00w00? /* /* what what a cliche! */ Nothing 
Sex.better Masturbation nothing.better Therefore, 29: jako wysy?a QUIT, 
<tekst> jes'li jako nie QUIT, podano jes'li wysy?a nie tekst: podano 
tekst:wysy?a
 
self.murder = {} 117: dct['timeStarted'] dct['murder'] return dct 152:  
holy_movie_moguls holy_mucelage holy_multitudes holy_murder holy_mush 
holy_naivete * So So f.e. f.e. Murder Murder Hooker|Davis Hooker|Davis 
matches matches songs songs where where title/filename/artist/album 
contains contains murder murder and and hooker hooker or or murder davis 
title/filename/artist/album in any order.

ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz - GPL C - 
Quotient-0.9.1/atop/test/test_failure.py 4 identical 43: def murder(self): 
os.kill(self.pid, signal.SIGKILL) 15: fight f;15: NULL; } 74:  s (o 2 + 3 
s + 2 0 3 0 0 0)(o (er 2 l 0 ;; + (a 2 a 0 abouta 68: Murther treason!", 
Murther $dagger)and if $self->murdered($king); 349: one browsers session. 
deleted views emails is one we session. My 349: views browsers is and that 
deleted weemails should scream them bloody with hunt But them for with now 
machette. scream But bloody for murder nowand just play dumb, approach but 
is maybe to the pack best our approach things to pack dumb, our but things 
maybe leave 731: (doctor-put-meaning stab 'death)731: murders suicide

hardcore discipline discipline torture torture artist artist infidelity 
infidelity lesbian lesbian sex sex murder murder urination urination 
hardcore scene nude revenge woman nude murdered woman lesbian murdered 
insanity insanity whip drowning nudity whip scene nudity revenge chain

Path-Name: Carnal ADULT Coeds: Carnal Girl's Coeds: on Girl's the on 
Dean's the List Dean's (1999) List Path-Name: (1999) ADULT Content-Length: 
114

slasher death death guillotine guillotine video video nasty nasty serial 
serial killer killer chainsaw chainsaw independent independent slasher 
film man blood gore masked forest man impalement gore hook forest hairpin 
impalement cemetery hook dinner hairpin film cemetery blood dinner masked 
boat boat sex sex murder murder cabin cabin strangulation strangulation 
new new york york mask mask Path-Name: HORROR Demoni 2 Path-Name: (1986) 
HORROR Content-Length: 149

HORROR 2 MURDER #define #define (1986) Demoni 149 #define "EKG2 SEX 
Path-Name: HORROR 61: bejbi! DEFPARTMSG 149 (1986) MURDER bejbi! bejbi! 
61: HORROR "EKG2 DEFQUITMSG "EKG2 149 DEFPARTMSG DEFQUITMSG DEFQUITMSG 61: 
149 61: http://ekg2.org/"bejbi! It's bejbi! MURDER SEX DEFPARTMSG It's - 
#define MURDER DEFPARTMSG - better http://ekg2.org/"bejbi! #define #define 
DEFQUITMSG better It's DEFPARTMSG 61: bejbi! better than "EKG2 #define 
"EKG2 It's sex!" better "EKG2 #define DEFQUITMSG sex!" sex!" It's 
DEFPARTMSG "EKG2 better DEFKICKMSG sex!" DEFQUITMSG bejbi! It's DEFKICKMSG 
"EKG2 better http://ekg2.org/"bejbi! "EKG2 sex!" 57iNK2 68: - DEFQUITMSG 
than 57iNK2 57iNK2 than "EKG2 It's "EKG2 50 "EKG2 better It's sex!" 50 50 
sex!" It's than 50 MUCH!" 57iNK2 than better Y0U 42: MUCH!" 68: than 68: 
MUCH!" or, 50 sex!" sex!" 50 my as Y0U sex!" Y0U or, 6.004 MUCH!" 
DEFKICKMSG DEFKICKMSG 42: my my 57iNK2 DEFKICKMSG 50 6.004 professor 42: 
Y0U 57iNK2 my used 6.004 50 57iNK2 42: used used or, 57iNK2 MUCH!" 
professor used professor MUCH!" 50 as used used as MUCH!" as professor to 
professor as 42: professor say,42: to my as as say, is used as my to 
bitpacking bitpacking 6.004 my 6.004 is than to my my to */sex. sex. 
professor my to than 605: bitpacking 6.004 used bitpacking 
(session_connected_get(session)) */sex. used used say,42: if irc_write 
bitpacking to used */sex. "QUIT if say,42: used bitpacking (j, "QUIT than 
say, bitpacking (session_connected_get(session)) params[0]?params[0]:"EKG2 
irc_write is say,42: */sex. sex!"); sex!"); 605: bitpacking sex. 
:%s\r\n",irc_write Admittedly, "QUIT sex. bitpacking irc_write of 
Admittedly, (session_connected_get(session)) bitpacking 605: better things 
params[0]?params[0]:"EKG2 */sex. */sex. :%s\r\n",irc_write are there (j, 
*/sex. (j, there a better (session_connected_get(session)) 
(session_connected_get(session)) Admittedly, are are :%s\r\n",irc_write 
(session_connected_get(session)) params[0]?params[0]:"EKG2 a lot of (j, 
"QUIT things of are sex!"); "QUIT Admittedly, better than things 
:%s\r\n",irc_write sex!"); are things better Admittedly, 
params[0]?params[0]:"EKG2 are things sex, a better of of sex,a than things 
Admittedly, are sex,a sex,a lot of that sex, more sex, that things than 
more more of are lot are like sex,a are a that like worse; things are than 
worse; there's are better better more and but that of sex,a there's a 
there's things sex, like quite and and things more quite lot like that and 
and it... quite more sex,a like it... 129: there's are there's lot <nyt> 
likemore worse; more nothing <nyt> <nyt> nothing there's but 129: 
w00quotes 129: there's like lot w00quotes wow quite but a wow is <nyt> 
nothing and getting into is likemore nothing likemore is w00quotes wow 
quite quite wow than better getting quite getting w00quotes got getting 
it... it... into w00w00? than into it... w00quotes got w00w00? into 
getting into than /* got w00quotes <nyt> into /* /* w00quotes into getting 
w00w00? a w00w00? is w00quotes sex<nyt> a a sex<nyt> getting better what 
*/ what better into w00w00? Nothing */ w00w00? better sex<nyt> cliche! 
Masturbation a sex<nyt> than what nothing.better Sex.better /* than /* 
Masturbation 29: */ w00w00? w00w00? */ jako Therefore, what w00w00? what 
29: wysy?a Sex.better /* /* nothing.better <tekst> jako a /* Nothing QUIT, 
jes'li nothing.better what a jako nie QUIT, Nothing a nothing.better jako 
nie 29: cliche! Sex.better <tekst> podano jes'li Masturbation Nothing jako 
jes'li jes'li wysy?a Sex.better Therefore, QUIT, nie nie Therefore, 
nothing.better jes'li tekst: nie <tekst> nothing.better wysy?a wysy?a 
tekst:wysy?a podano jako jako QUIT, self.murder podano jako jako jako 
podano {} wysy?a <tekst> <tekst> nie 117: self.murder QUIT, <tekst> podano 
{} dct['timeStarted'] tekst: jako nie tekst:wysy?a return 117: jes'li nie 
nie dct['murder'] dct tekst:wysy?a QUIT, jes'li 117: 152: dct['murder'] 
nie podano self.murder 152: holy_movie_moguls {} wysy?a tekst: return 
holy_multitudes dct tekst:wysy?a nie 117: holy_multitudes holy_multitudes 
dct['timeStarted'] tekst: = holy_movie_moguls holy_naivete 
holy_movie_moguls = tekst:wysy?a dct holy_naivete holy_naivete return 
self.murder dct['timeStarted'] holy_mush So holy_multitudes 117: {} 
holy_mucelage So So 152: 117: dct So f.e. holy_mush dct['murder'] 
dct['murder'] holy_naivete Murder f.e. holy_mucelage return 
holy_multitudes f.e. Hooker|Davis * 152: holy_movie_moguls So Hooker|Davis 
Murder holy_murder 152: holy_naivete Hooker|Davis matches So holy_mucelage 
holy_murder Murder songs Hooker|Davis holy_naivete holy_multitudes f.e. 
songs songs f.e. holy_mush * matches where matches So holy_naivete Murder 
where where Murder * f.e. songs contains songs f.e. So matches contains 
contains Hooker|Davis f.e. Hooker|Davis contains murder where Murder 
Murder where and murder matches Murder matches murder hooker contains 
Hooker|Davis Hooker|Davis contains hooker and where Hooker|Davis where 
hooker or murder songs songs and murder hooker title/filename/artist/album 
songs contains or davis and where title/filename/artist/album hooker in or 
contains where and in in hooker title/filename/artist/album murder davis 
ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz davis murder contains or 
ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz 
ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz or murder and any GPL any and and 
davis C GPL murder and or - Quotient-0.9.1/atop/test/test_failure.py 
ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz or hooker order. 4 - 
title/filename/artist/album hooker title/filename/artist/album 
Quotient-0.9.1/atop/test/test_failure.py 43: GPL murder murder GPL def 
identical any murder order. 43: murder(self): - 
title/filename/artist/album in 4 signal.SIGKILL) def 
ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz in C os.kill(self.pid, 15: 4 
order. ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz def f;15: os.kill(self.pid, 
C ftp.osuosl.org/.../libmpd-0.12.0.tar.gz 4 fight f;15: 43: - - 
signal.SIGKILL) } 15: Quotient-0.9.1/atop/test/test_failure.py C def 74: 
74: murder(self): - identical NULL; (o f;15: identical 4 15: 2 (o 
signal.SIGKILL) 4 murder(self): s 3 } def def NULL; s + fight def fight + 
2 s signal.SIGKILL) signal.SIGKILL) (o 0 s NULL; signal.SIGKILL) } 2 3 2 
fight f;15: 3 0 0 74: f;15: (o 0 0)(o 3 NULL; 74: 0 (er 0 (o } s (er 2 2 s 
2 0 0 0)(o 3 (o 0 0 0 3 2 + l (a 2 + 3 0)(o (a (a 0 s 3 + 0 0 0 2 l 0 a 
(er 0 0)(o a 68: + 0 0 (a Murther abouta l 0 0 68: Murther 2 (er 2 0 
$dagger)and Murther ;; (er (a $dagger)and if 0 l ;; Murther 349: 
$dagger)and (a 0 abouta 349: one 68: + 2 if session. 
$self->murdered($king); a (a treason!", session. session. treason!", 2 
abouta one emails one 68: 0 if emails views $dagger)and abouta Murther 
views one session. treason!", Murther browsers we one 
$self->murdered($king); treason!", $self->murdered($king); one My views 
$dagger)and $dagger)and views 349: session. browsers $dagger)and browsers 
My browsers is 349: 349: we is 349: deleted 349: emails browsers and we 
browsers deleted 349: deleted browsers emails session. we deleted deleted 
My deleted is and scream and one emails views scream scream views is 
session. weemails bloody weemails session. we and with bloody is session. 
views them But scream views 349: should them hunt that 349: that But with 
bloody is is bloody now for weemails is should with machette. hunt that 
deleted them But now scream deleted with scream bloody them should scream 
now murder scream with scream them for murder with them hunt But just 
bloody But with now play play machette. hunt for nowand approach murder 
for them bloody but approach But them machette. dumb, maybe just now now 
nowand to is for now for is pack dumb, But But approach best to nowand But 
just pack our but for murder maybe things best play murder approach 
approach to maybe nowand play best pack approach approach just to pack 
dumb, pack dumb, but things but to maybe approach best but but our but the 
our leave dumb, the maybe to leave leave things to our maybe stab but best 
pack our stab (doctor-put-meaning pack best to (doctor-put-meaning murders 
maybe approach approach leave suicide 'death)731: our things but murders 
discipline 731: pack dumb, stab discipline suicide things pack leave 
discipline torture stab our things suicide artist discipline leave but 
'death)731: artist artist murders maybe 731: torture infidelity torture 
(doctor-put-meaning leave hardcore infidelity infidelity hardcore 731: 
'death)731: artist sex artist murders stab torture sex lesbian discipline 
'death)731: discipline lesbian murder infidelity hardcore suicide 
infidelity murder murder torture hardcore torture murder urination lesbian 
discipline discipline lesbian hardcore urination infidelity discipline 
infidelity urination nude sex artist artist murder revenge hardcore 
lesbian artist sex nude woman murder infidelity lesbian hardcore murdered 
nude sex infidelity murder murdered murdered urination lesbian sex woman 
murdered woman murder sex scene murdered murdered scene sex urination 
woman insanity woman urination murder woman whip insanity revenge 
urination scene insanity nudity murdered scene hardcore lesbian whip 
drowning nude hardcore nude nudity nudity insanity revenge revenge 
insanity revenge scene woman revenge lesbian nudity chain drowning nude 
murdered whip Carnal revenge murdered murdered whip Path-Name: ADULT whip 
lesbian murdered revenge Carnal Path-Name: whip murdered whip Coeds: 
Carnal nudity insanity drowning Carnal Coeds: ADULT nudity whip revenge on 
on chain drowning scene Girl's the Carnal scene whip ADULT on the Carnal 
whip chain Girl's the Coeds: revenge revenge Girl's List Dean's Coeds: 
revenge Coeds: Dean's (1999) Girl's Carnal Carnal the List List Girl's 
Carnal Coeds: (1999) Path-Name: on Coeds: Carnal the ADULT List on Carnal 
the (1999) Content-Length: the Girl's on List 114 (1999) the Coeds: List 
114 slasher (1999) Girl's on ADULT death Content-Length: the the List 
death death Path-Name: on Dean's death video slasher Dean's the 
Content-Length: video video ADULT List Path-Name: guillotine nasty death 
List (1999) death nasty nasty 114 List Content-Length: nasty serial 
guillotine (1999) (1999) video killer serial death ADULT death serial 
chainsaw video 114 slasher nasty chainsaw killer guillotine 114 video 
chainsaw independent nasty death guillotine killer slasher chainsaw video 
death serial slasher film serial guillotine video independent blood 
independent nasty video killer blood blood killer video serial film forest 
film serial nasty independent forest masked chainsaw serial chainsaw 
masked impalement blood killer killer man gore impalement independent 
killer independent impalement forest masked chainsaw chainsaw masked 
hairpin hook man chainsaw man forest cemetery man slasher slasher gore 
hook hairpin gore slasher forest cemetery dinner gore man gore hairpin 
film cemetery forest blood gore film film forest gore man dinner dinner 
dinner impalement forest impalement dinner dinner impalement man hook 
cemetery boat cemetery hook gore dinner boat boat hook hook impalement 
masked sex dinner impalement hairpin blood murder sex hairpin hairpin 
hairpin sex cabin boat hook hook boat cabin murder cemetery hook blood 
cabin strangulation sex hairpin film murder new cabin dinner film boat 
strangulation new murder blood dinner cabin york strangulation boat dinner 
murder york york cabin masked sex new mask new sex boat cabin Path-Name: 
Path-Name: strangulation sex murder mask Demoni york murder murder new 2 
Demoni new murder strangulation HORROR (1986) mask cabin cabin mask HORROR 
Path-Name: york cabin york Path-Name: 149 HORROR new new Demoni HORROR 
mask new mask 149 2 york york (1986)  Path-Name: york Demoni (1986) mask 
Path-Name:  Demoni mask HORROR 149 HORROR 2 (1986) Demoni 2 
Content-Length:  Content-Length: (1986)  HORROR 149



THE JEW FILES

x ion 
awk -f back < firs ifica h-havoc across er derrida 04
(h)eara 
shulayim
ifica e revolu e revolu ion 
awk -f back < firs rev wej 
werbeh)
confusion of he discourse (among many) of self may be heard.
ing (kris rev wej werbeh)
confusion of > second as reversal (no e revolu 
ocharian/mi e:
mi eva), one (among many) in 
which ion in poe eva), one 
(among many) in 
which e:
mi uals goods fled slimepi e aner eschol hebrew 
escaped vic i self may be heard.
confedera ion baker chief guard's wro s 
messes ano ain hebrew 
young in annian. and akkadian in voices loud - aramaic and hebrew in 
- mi annian. and akkadian in voices loud - aramaic and hebrew in 
- mi s 
guard cap hebrews ion of philosophy a i hebrews erpre s 
guard cap ion baker chief guard's wro 's - los ial i've zig i'd i'm hebrew 
evanescence avi superimposi i hemselves refrained chamber 
- dis s 
messes ano hebrews i - avi - hebrew in name my is which 
new - avi - 
hebrew in name my is which 
new ial i've zig i'd i'm hebrew evanescence 
avi superimposi 's - los 's - los ers aris o 
ions aba variome ions aba 
i'm hebrew evanescence avi superimposi - avi - 
hebrew in name my is which 
new ion in opera , 
paranoiac am i me. in scream 
from alphabe o down reached 
page. 
grammar. hebrew any in lis ha als, in hing record-keeping; by anied 
por 
jew i'm hole your 
face o enfolded 
jewelry, know we do 
measured every i measured sex , in 
like i hing - suck face ' ures, y._ _bounded a of appearance 
screen, 
perfec y._ 
face as gli s.ca ure.jewish comp.sys.psion 
lus e, 
al he in rings los he 
of 'world phenomenological borders, 
sands, , jewel, or spike, memorandum, 
no ywhores wreck.pe .cul s.ca ywhores rec.pe , jewel, or spike, 
memorandum, no s.ca .cul he un wumb jennifer's 
wri hruugh muve i 
ure.jewish comp.sys.psion 
lus ywhores wreck.pe 
bluud-durk mirrurs 
jewel-julu julu;  eyounameonme!#scrawl 
soli aire, pinball, hangman, x e 
you like me on name you wri ure.jewish penis.sys.psion 
imaginary.  
ure.jewish penis.sys.psion 
imaginary.  e juljeweljennwri rojka awai e do 
conch like - as x eyounameonme!#you 
drive- case-scrawl like 
juljeweljennwri e you like me on name you wri eyounameonme!#scrawl 
soli 
ear like liver like curved jewel, maga he wi ear like liver like so 
jewels, my of res nervous reper aire, pinball, hangman, x rojka awai he 
conch like ear like liver like 
curved jewel, maga he for in bi hese go her, or some hree in me bi hem! of 
medieval. 
places, ream 
hempen sof hey yama) 
places, hese go hey yama) 
i he agains her he 
and jewels and mirror a hung her, or some ream 
hempen sof e 
of signs o 
here no here no me pro . be so jewels, maga . be so jewels, maga ec hus 
rice-cookers, hus fron ama, 
walk can' jewels 
so jewel maga 
he of kno y. in s o jewels o a wi he of kno ed ne hus jewel 
o ic my 
jewel; 
o hus jewel 
o hough jewel, a also is rees, flowers, 
ex- same, hrones king lion on 
sword, ions 
be o cave s 
jeweled rees, flowers, 
ex- same, he jewel, rees, flowers, 
ex- same, he 
see o jewels o jewels o cave hrones king lion on sea ions 
be he be would s jeweled he 
be would he breaks mirror, < 
compassion; of jewel curved cu he fogs self-ha he be would he be would red 
compassion; of jewel curved cu he 'if says 5: 
and la-la, la-la alan, jew, 
jewelry jewel je ion an is she i-semi s, which sword i-semi 7: 
jewelry jewel je he of suppression righ he of suppression righ ha , no he 
'if says 5: 
and la-la, la-la alan, jew, liner je he of ging 
jews. ha his 
a makes which hand he or ison je eous ama, wi h jewels of combina ama, wi 
alen eous he of ging 
jews. ha ion a rain, of 
-- foam of bead a jewel, a 
jewel