


dance tunes 4 anita berber


http://www.asondheim.org/erhu2.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/erhu3.mp3


Eliminator ZZ Top &middot; (40 customer reviews) More about this product 
... 7% buy.  Rancho Texicano: The Very Best of ZZ Top ~ ZZ Top $22.99 ... 
The Ultimate collection of ZZ Top links: rated and categorized! ... rare 
pics, double entendre, audio and video clips, quotes and much more. ...

P ; 0.005 a. 45 Morphine/vehicle. 7. 0.0. 0.00. P ; 0.005 b. 0 
Morphine/proglumide.  7. 13.0. 1.28. P ; 0.10 b. 5 Morphine/proglumide ...

somewhere, said something! - This is just a dead-end piece; I found Waite 
don't have for our dead! Who has the time! Hundreds of thousands dead in 
hello maud, when you read this, rilke will be dead Alphabetical: and 
answered are back blind cleansed cured dead deaf Go good ... On whatever 
any of them falls when they are dead, it shall be unclean; be cleansed. 
... Alphabetical: and are blind cleansed cured dead deaf good the 
saturation. the dead-sex link with death and pain. the dead linkage. want 
to die. to dead from and try i old. from from old. to i want to die. my 
words my i want to die. try dead words head. bones to old. my lead. falls 
i'm my lead. drop dead are drop won't my my my my be you cold. my my won't 
kill head. are dead drop yourself. be skin are from kill take drop blind 
anchor. dead up and eyes eyes shall crawl to weight ears blind buried 
crawl ago eyes deaf weight bed. and eyes ears. eyes ago dead weight die. 
dead bones old. skin i'm skin are are from my my and my my dead drop bed. 
and i to weight dead i shall and anchor. buried and weight ago blind 
dominion, the distinction that makes a distinction: live and dead, hunter 
in absolom silent dead and white morphine. murder mucous murmured voices 
mayhem vortex morphine misery blood morphine. 2 pico zz 3 dict murder 4 
dict murder | more 5 pico zz 6 dict morphine 7 

what happens when two dancers complete the "octopus dance" - long a 
traditional Switzerland favorite - Oh they dance, fine enough, but what 
would happen if the bluff gave way, these dancers, who continued in spite 
of all the obstacles life's thorny of the most remarkable dancer in recent 
memory! fifteen or twenty hours of brilliant dance, video, soundwork, even 
just Crepuscle (Twilight) explores the exigencies of dance, eroticism, 
cultural the conventions of dance - turning dance inside-out. For the 
photographed dreamed dreamed by spoken may poetics with may and dance sex, 
dance-video not images dance-video violence. I never have done will never 
forgiven. will go I on. will film sight sound to sight to dance. sex, 
spoken sex, poetics of sex. I may work with dance and sex and dance-video 
and sex. I will not work with images of sexual violence. I dance. lose the 
body and sexuality; i wanted the dance-movement of the wires.


This is fascinating - I'm always curious how many of
the old IRC commands are retranslated or reinterpreted in these newer
chats 14:52:20 
No problem - let me knowwhen to start 29-Jan-2007
14:52:29 
***MUZAK** 14:52:53 

                       MUZAK 14:53:02 
               MUZAK 14:53:07 
                heh! 14:53:11 
                               :

music... 14:53:22 

                                   music

14:53:52 hello 14:53:57 where are we now? 14:54:13 here we are then... 
14:54:39 now we are one 14:54:45 one 14:55:11 going out and coming back in 
- 14:55:28 left the session 14:55:34 joined the session 14:55:46 left the 
session 14:55:51 joined the session 14:57:21 displayed the following URL: 
http://www.asondheim.org/net1.txt 14:57:45 Alan 14:57:48 Some of them are 
working! I've been playing around with html tags and couldn't get out of 
bold! 14:58:10 But Im not in bold now -are you? There's no bold at this 
end? 14:58:26 This is wonderfully strange... 14:58:42 - you're bold? 
14:58:48 Hi everyone! 14:58:52 Must be the diluted blood... 14:59:16 Well, 
I've got the URL up - yes, it's difficult, you have to use the slider. 
15:00:12 I'll try and be spare. 15:00:17 Wow! Stumbling over Brooklyn - 
15:00:35 Ok I'm ready whenever anyone else is - 29-Jan-2007 15:01:20 Can 
you scroll the text I've put up? 29-Jan-2007 15:01:34 It's just the first 
file in the Internet Text, which I've been writing for fourteen years; 
I'll switch to an 'examples' text in a bit 15:02:01 Ok, thanks 15:02:05 
Why don't you start with questions and we'll see where it goes - 15:02:26 
Hi - 15:02:41 Yes of course 15:02:53 It's odd because those seem like 
different operations - I'd say something close to obsessive compulsive 
behavior combined with a real wonder about the world 15:03:24 I can't not 
work 15:03:43 Too much neurosis on this end - which then becomes part of 
the content - 15:04:18 Well, what gets rid of the "I self Me" - which is 
narcissism - is the world itself - 15:04:36 the protocols etc. - 15:04:43 
I'm not sure - I do all my writing online - possibly 5 hours a day - 
15:05:00 god no 15:05:05 the protocols - coding - 15:05:24 I'm not 
struggling with that. 15:05:31 It's a hideous anti-semitic tract - 
29-Jan-2007 15:05:49 The protocols reference code and the breakdown of 
code 15:06:04 it's amazing I could stop there - 15:06:20 and it's between 
code and its breakdown that I'm interested in - that 'liminal' space 
15:06:40 which is partly interpretable in a classical sense (hermeneutics) 
and partly not 15:06:58 She disappeared a while ago; I didn't want to 
write into the character any more. I felt I had done all I could - and 
with Julu, Jennifer, Travis, Alan, etc. 15:07:28 The space-between code - 
what underlies writing here and the surface itself. 15:07:59 I started 
calling this 'codework' which has taken on a life of its own. 15:08:17 So 
the subtext so to speak ruptures the text which collapses the subtext etc. 
15:08:34 As if the bones of the tomb of writing were made visible. 
15:08:52 - as if the bones had some sort of presence in the world without 
the flesh of writing (which in a way is a kind of etiquette) 15:09:14 So 
that the writing in a way is 'lurid' - cutting through in other ways. 
15:09:37 As in the 'Anita Berber' pieces that I've put up at the blog - 
15:09:57 Mistakes in print, and in the traditional Tanach, five books, all 
those misplaced letters, etc. 15:10:18 displayed the following URL: 
http://nikuko.blogspot.com 15:10:32 There's the "skeleton" of a piece of 
writing - which started with a short piece paralleling Berber's and 
Droste's own writing,and then expanded it using the 'dict' command - 
29-Jan-2007 15:11:20 which gives you a huge list of synonyms. The first 
entry is the skeleton - the entry immediately following is the piece 
itself. 15:11:46 Which is a kind of overflowing of synonyms, burying the 
original text - 15:12:04 and there's a parallel with Berber's life here, 
at least for me, and also a sense of over-accumulation, "surplus" 15:12:33 
- a surplus which goes nowhere. 15:12:41 If you click on the link you 
might get the .mp3 file which is made from tabla playing heavily filtered 
- a kind of stuttering/heartbeat that again parallels the text 29-Jan-2007 
15:13:43 How so? 15:13:46 This isn't my 'best' tabla work, but I thought 
it interesting to put up - 15:14:28 I wonder what happened; I'm always 
afraid of clicking on links here - at one point everything closed down. 
29-Jan-2007 15:15:01 No problem 15:15:04 The first bit - the short bit - 
is a poem... 15:15:30 There are better tabla pieces here! I think 
something called metrical.mp3 is one of them at the same site - 
29-Jan-2007 15:15:53 Think of the rest as both an expansion and a 
suffocation of meaning - meaning flying off 15:16:11 in so many directions 
that nothing coheres... 15:16:20 It a strange interface with a mysterious 
life of its own. When I was using html tagsa bit ago, everything was going 
a bit awry - 15:16:57 two bits in that sentence will get you a quarter 
(bad pun) 15:17:13 yes, but you might want to ask away here? When I enter 
a URL then the box closes - 15:18:06 displayed the following URL: 
http://www.asondheim.org/examples.txt 15:18:20 You ask about code poetry? 
15:18:38 There are so many terms - I mentioned 'codework' because it seems 
the most genearl; for me, the rest - e-poetry for example, electronic 
poetry, new media poetry, etc. - all create genres/canons 15:19:14 which 
just about close everything down in a classical form/at - in other words, 
the usual politics and decisions make themselves felt. 15:19:39 If you 
think of say Lautreamont - what he was doing hadn't been done before 
(think ofthe space - again liminal) between Poesis and Maldoror and how 
that operates) - and that is fantastic! 15:20:16 But if had to attent a 
conference on his own work, that would have been something else... 
15:20:33 What I've put up here - and you do have to shuttle back and forth 
- is an example of a 'standard paragraph' - the "Normal" - and then 
various manipulations ranging from simple to complex... 15:21:16 There's 
also a few code snippets (most of which I've asked other people to write, 
or found elsewhere etc.) 29-Jan-2007 15:21:36 I tend to write in Unix or 
Linux - I've been doing that for a dozen years now - 15:21:54 which allows 
me to use all sorts of sophisticated text manipulation tools and script 
languages 15:22:13 Just briefly - the first is Normal, then 'Back" takes 
each line and reverses the words, not the letters... 29-Jan-2007 15:22:43 
Rev reverses everything 15:22:55 Tac reverses the line order 15:23:08 tr 
A-Z a-z just gets rid of the capitals 29-Jan-2007 15:23:20 transposition 
does group substitutions 29-Jan-2007 15:23:33 substitution is simpler but 
similar 29-Jan-2007 15:23:43 Pig-Latin is a program that comes w/ linux 
and turns everything into pig-latin! 15:24:03 Punched Cards is another 
linux program that turns phrases into imitation punch-cards which were 
used in the 50s and 60s 15:24:32 Eliminate which was written by Florian 
Cramer for me just eliminaes any duplicate works in a piece 15:24:55 so 
that "the dog and the cat" becomes "the dog and cat" for example. 15:25:12 
Elimx is one I wrote from Florian's that makes a mess of "eliminate" and 
creates a kind of poetry out of it which reminds me of John Giorno or 
William Carlos Wiliams 15:25:53 Cramer made a program that eliminates 
duplicate words. 15:26:09 The program is above. It counts different words 
for example as "cat" and "cat," - the comma makes it another word. 
15:26:40 The "mathesis" program I love - Jim Reith wrote it for me - and 
it creates a "filter" for a text - 15:27:08 like a photoshop filter. 
15:27:14 You can enter a mathematical function (the very first line) and 
it pulls out words from an "array" that match points of the function. The 
details don't matter here; the results, though, are something that would 
be very difficult to get otherwise 29-Jan-2007 15:28:00 GoogleScrape - is 
just using the Google program (API and WSDL - forget what the 
abbreviations stand for) to create files which can be "scraped" - turned 
into texts. I think this is what the flarf group does - 15:29:15 It's just 
a more sophisticated way of using google results as a basis for literature 
- 15:29:33 Then there's the "Simple perl program results" - which is based 
on a program I wrote years ago that's interactive and allows me to 'write 
into' it - it then rearranges things in somewhat technical ways - 15:30:23 
Yes of course, that would be a lot better than this blithering on my part! 
15:30:33 Yes to both, that was also a while ago. Shinto fascinated me and 
still does to some extent - a kind of animism and heavy mythology that 
exists coherently with high technology. And the language (I can't read it 
in the original) is so arcane - 29-Jan-2007 15:32:13 Not so much; I've 
been very moved by Red Pine's translations of Chinese poets, mostly of 
Zen/Taoist outlook like Cold Mountain (Han Shan) - the spaces that these 
poems create - and the kind of language used by, say, Dogen in Japanese 
Zen 29-Jan-2007 15:33:02 because I can't get myself "around it" - which is 
wonderful. 15:33:15 On the other hand, I could never 'submit' to Zen or to 
that sort of discipline - I'd be interested in wild Zen, wild Buddhism, 
without training, kind of yamabushi stuff without the community 15:34:02 
Well, that's complex. I don't have a traditional relationship to Shinto or 
to Japanese culture - 15:34:29 and am alienated by, say, Mishima, by 
whale-hunting, by what happened at Nanking, etc., all of which relates (I 
think) to State Shinto. but that's really another topic... If this is the 
Mu you are speaking of then yes, I do (for some reason I started thnking 
of 'the continent of Mu" 15:35:37 The one book that stays with me, now, is 
the Flower Sutra, possibly the full translation of the Tibetan Book of the 
Dead as well. 15:36:18 These are openings for me, and the sutra is 
incredible. 15:36:29 By the way (while waiting) the Yipes! text is made 
from some of the rules above. 15:37:13 And the "Using Chat" was made by 
recording one of thesesessions by myself. 15:37:30 ok 15:37:32 Ok - but 
they're not appearing here - 29-Jan-2007 15:38:10 One second 15:38:24 Ah I 
see - for me in relation to D Turner's second question - 15:38:55 about 
Youtube and so forth - the work skitters among all of these. I do laptop 
performance and actually musical performance in rl (the latter I'm dubious 
about) and video/audio/dance/image are all part of this; 15:39:31 I also 
work with dancers in Geneva, Switzerland, and this has gone back and forth 
with my other work. 15:39:51 Yes, the meaning shifts in each context, but 
the concerns are pretty consistent. 15:40:05 Edting in relation to suprlus 
- that depends on what I'm working on; with vidoe I tend to pare things 
down greatly, especially for the web - 15:40:36 but I prefer also to work 
on an idea, get through with it, and move on, rather than finesse it; the 
latter in a way is too easy, I know where things are going, so does the 
audience - 15:41:06 Code and text interact for me; sometimes the structure 
is evident, sometimes it isn't. 15:41:46 When I'm working with software (I 
work at the Virtual Environments Lab at West Virginia University at 
times), I try to take the software 15:42:16 to some sort of limit - seeing 
what happens at the edge. I did a piece in Second Life where the 
character/s try to escape and keep coming up against artificial barriers 
of the edge of the mapping 15:42:49 I work in both darknet and a/v - the 
presentation in some ways 'fills out the form' - whatever is available... 
29-Jan-2007 15:43:20 Text-based work allows me to think the 
hardest/clearest in a way - it's unforgiving 15:43:55 I write a great deal 
of theory, and it's so easy to slide into nonsense... 15:44:10 Sometimes 
it matters, most of the time it doesn't - if the code is present, one can 
usually get some idea of the structure in it 15:44:33 whether or not one 
understands it fully. There are times I don't understand it fully. 
15:44:49 I did some work in visual basic (you can download the exe.tar and 
open it on a PC - they'reexecutables) - and I can't tell you where the 
effects are from. 15:45:22 Exactly like lace, and just as ephemeral... 
15:45:33 It makes it seem as if the world is both obdurate, inert, and 
interpretable, transparent. 15:46:09 I think of Jacques Lacan in this 
regard - reading his text is a kind of psychoanalytical working-through 
itself 29-Jan-2007 15:46:34 But of course I may be fooling myself. 
29-Jan-2007 15:46:47 There are also political concerns here - trying to 
scrape away at etiquette - I relate this to the usual obfuscation in our 
government's policies. 15:47:27 Which effects in the films? And you should 
sometime see the originals - the compression makes a mess out of them - 
15:47:47 There are avatars that are constructed from motion capture 
equipment 15:48:08 and images from laser scanning equipment (big lasers) 
15:48:23 I'm not sure which this is! I think that's the laser. 15:48:34 
The Wolf piece - that's using motion capture and feeding it into Poser, 
which models figures - then distorting the files so the figures literally 
break down. 15:49:02 The bones of the wolf come through. 29-Jan-2007 
15:49:18 Poser is a 3d mannequin modeling program. 29-Jan-2007 15:49:28 
Yes, Bellmer fascinates me, but thenI worry - in my own work as well - 
about the gender implicatons of al of this - 15:49:53 It's separate, it's 
faster than Max I think - the mannequins are already formed to be 
manipulated. 15:50:18 A lot of teen-age boys make 'ideal' girlfriends with 
the stuff. 15:50:33 I think my work walks an edge of being lurid and 
almost violent almost overtly sexual, but not quite (this is the video 
work, not the writing or sound pieces) 15:51:28 I do think at least in the 
US these images are the kind of imaginary one lives within 15:51:50 There 
was a book years ago which talked about Jewish (and one can apply this to 
any minority that feels beleagured) 15:52:25 culture as breaking down the 
'etiquette' of middle or upper class Anglo-American culture - 15:52:48 for 
example Freud scraping at the psyche, Marx at classical economics, 
Witgenstein at language itself, etc. 29-Jan-2007 15:53:20 Thank you! 
15:53:28 And these people were - again perhaps like codework - 15:53:39 
partially-assimilated Jews, but not 'really' assimilated - so they existed 
- again - in the liminal space which they recreated for themselves. 
15:54:06 Einstein as well. 15:54:10 This is obviously a gross 
over-simplification but it started me thinking... 15:54:27 You have the 
same thing, say, in the blues, with people like Patton 'between' African 
and 'white' rhythmic/tonal structures. 15:55:07 Ok - 15:55:12 Whew. I'm 
not sure 9something else opened up here, sorry).. 15:55:55 When I'm 
surprised by the result, it's a success, no matter how awkward. 15:56:10 
when I know 'what I'm doing' - it may well be a failure. 15:56:21 I coined 
the term 'defuge' to reference those moments which are akin to disgust 
15:56:43 for example when you try to read a novel several times 15:56:56 
and the writing itself becomes distasteful, 'decathected,' unworkable. 
15:57:14 The same thing happens with pornography, but that's another 
issue. 15:57:28 - if pornography were 'ideal' - one image would do it all 
- but that's not the case. instead, the industry is fueled by continued 
transmission. The same thing of course in the entertainment industry, etc. 
15:58:04 In sports it's another related issue - one wants one's team to 
win, but if it's a massacre all the time, the 'sport' disappears. 15:58:34 
So there's a kind of disinvestment at work here, and that also occurs in 
my writing I think when I'm too sure of myself, 'filling out that form' 
again. 15:59:04 Such as what? 15:59:28 Yes, lots of time. 15:59:52 times 
16:00:00 I think it depends. I haven't been thrown out of anything at all. 
But there's controversy definitely - the worst was probably on nettime-l 
which went on for an entire month. I left the list but came back later. 
16:01:00 I also cross-post a lot which bothers people. 16:01:07 The sexual 
content of some of the work bothers people. 16:01:19 And at my end I have 
little patience for what I think of as the right-wing which gets me into 
trouble; I just start blustering. 16:01:41 I don't know, some tame, some 
not tame - it depends on how it's defined... I don't mean to offend 
anyone, but most people don't I think. 16:02:19 AI? It's only a matter of 
time... 16:02:53 "don't I think" - I'm not sure where this typo was 
going... 16:03:19 No problem - 16:03:24 I'll be on the board, except for 
Tuesday/Wednesday, when I'll be on but not that much (traveling). 16:03:55 
With my work? Just to be able to keep doing it. And with technical things 
like music (trying to learn to play the erhu now) - just doing a better 
job 16:04:17 I'm terrible at programming, okay with borrowing or asking 
for help. 16:04:35 I want to explore more 'body-avatar' issues in Second 
Life, but I'm not sure i'll get to that... 16:04:55 I feel exactly the 
same way- 16:05:23 for me, at least the aesthetics of coding... 16:05:50 
Well, she may return, but there are other things - working with live 
dancers (who are fairly extreme and we shot in the Alps and so forth) has 
been wonderful 16:06:32 The 'parables' (they're in the book .echo) 
29-Jan-2007 16:06:57 I don't thin I need an editor but I might have 
tobother people less! 16:07:11 The dancers are like live avatars yes - 
29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact some of the work they do is imitating avatars 
exactly as much as possible - 16:07:32 When you getto something like the 
Wolf, it'sdifficult. 16:07:43 How to who feel about? 16:07:53 - 16:08:32 
We tend to inspire each other. I can't do much physical (except music) and 
the dancers are incredibly athletic. 16:08:58 I agree re: Butoh, I 
haven't, but would like to work with Butoh dancers of course 16:09:17 The 
Cunningham technique is very complex, so I can explore pretty much what I 
want... 16:09:51 Or I'm the material for the dancers; it's really back and 
forth. 16:10:09 At times I'm not sure who is doing what with whom or 
whether it's ultimately real or virtual 16:10:25 I'll be on Joanna. - 
16:10:34 I can stay for a few more minutes if there are any questions - 
16:10:53 Oh someone asked why the webpage is a directory? 16:11:03 That's 
the simplest way I can present the materials; I'm not good at design; when 
I send out texts, they usually include URLs. 16:11:27 The Trace materials 
are different - they were done with Simon Mills and are fully 
interfaced... 16:11:51 Good night! - 16:11:56 Take care - 16:12:05 There 
are six left; before I leave, are there any other questions? I'll check 
the discussion board later 29-Jan-2007 16:12:26 down to two! 16:12:34 
board with more 16:12:41 Yes 16:12:56 No problem; I'm about to sign out 
unless there's a question - we're really down to you and Christine who 
might have left... 16:13:27 I'll be on the discussion board later this 
afternoon. 16:13:59 , please send the recording if you can! 16:14:08 Well, 
if there's anything else... 16:14:17 Oh, good 16:14:32 Thanks - 16:14:40 
Thank you as well - I'm constantly worrying about the quality of these 
answers... 16:14:56 - bye - 16:14:59 left the session 16:15:08 joined the 
session 16:15:17 left the session 16:15:19

