

Hypertext: WHEN LINKS SURFACE


Tell me about the LINKS connecting one to another point here, what sort of
knowledge emerges WHEN time is shuffled into instantaneous information? 
Hypertext shuttles the SURFACE of things, their LINKAGES as Jolley pointed
out years ago, WHEN taxonomy appeared promising as an adjunct to structur-
alism. The SURFACE was emphasized continually, things being akin to one
another according to various LINKS or parallels among them. But structure
is different from the processes of learning; semantic, cognitive, and phy-
sical spaces are utterly distinct from one another. If the first is part
and parcel of the LINKS within a sememe, the second emphasizes not the
_where,_ the SURFACE location, but the _WHEN,_ the immersive experience
and its flows; and the third, of course, is _always already_ SURFACE. The
relative disjunctions among these leads me to believe that hypertext in
fact may not provide a reasonable learning experience, but only the exis-
tence of packaged LINKS across SURFACES WHEN the reader and/or student
encounters a particular domain. The LINKS are _not_ the thing; as in film,
they're jumpcuts, suturing the SURFACE within the subject, but not sutur-
ing the subject within the SURFACE - it takes the diegesis and fixed time
to do that. But in general hypertext LINKS are two-way, and the _WHEN_ is
collapsed. The physical-real, of course, in its obdurate SURFACES, is
_never_ linked but always continuous/discontinuous within perception,
dreams and trance-states transforming such SURFACES back into LINKS. Is
hypertext our catastrophe-theory of knowledge, the collapse into pre-de-
termined categoricity? Or does it open deeply beyond the SURFACE, WHEN the
subject herself/himself is confronted by internal discontinuities, LINKS,
shifters, insertions, collusions, dissolutions?  I fear the former, hope
for the latter, LINKING myself to your SURFACE WHEN you come towards me,
out of the splintered dark. 

