



Darknet/incident


Tiffany halted in the MUD. Tires burned grooves in the datagrams, the
screen sputtered, Alan called from somewhere. Lines of talking-force
appeared screen down/left, X-Y engines disabling Z=anything but 0. So she
@out *vehicle, C-z'ed the app, slashed into talk session; wires crackled
and held. 

Telnet 2020, going in, reverse encryption. The speakers made a tearing
sound. <Tiffany> hold it <Tiffany> what are you wearing. Alan naked
against the screen, rusted helmet. They spread, splayed, fucked. We're
going in, Tiff thought, .oO(going in). Alan says "There's one machine
left, it's still there." Elsewhere VAX, VM, zoom, download. 

Tough Honey agreed to play the role for digicash. She in a forest. She
says "I'm in a forest speaking." Guy Guillaume comes up in a rig. He was
Storm; she could smell it. Guy Guillaume breaks her face, her skin falls
from armor. Guy Guillaume needs the plates. She could taste it. 

Tough Honey sees the tree split. Darklight lesions shot across the space,
cancers, missing packets. The packets hove. Bark oozed white noise. Guy
Guillaume helmet cracks open, there's mauve; mauve holds. Guy Guillaume
says "I paid for this, fuck you, I paid for you" audio down "too." She
couldn't hear longer. 

<Tough Honey> "Was waiting." :purrs. Darknet closes tel 2020. Tiffany says
"machine held." :hugs Honey with a fond and loving embrace. Tiffany hugs
honey with a fond and loving embrace. :kisses Honey. Tiffany kisses Honey
lightly then passionately. [to Alan] There must be Others. <Alan> There
are and we'll find them. 

"There must be hundreds, thousands, of darknets out there. What's left. 
We're anatomy, we're bones. They ride on our backs. We'll split, black
hole them. Ping -s on the circuit-riders. Traceroute forever, rah. Their
bridges are down, they're routed." @describe: TiffanyHoneyAlan are Unit. 
Look: You see nothing special. 

Look: You see nothing special.


