




Cybercafe


I'm helping to work out a menu system for a cybercafe. Ideas? Certainly
that there be an aol access point, and a telnet to check mail elsewhere;
that a few muds be include; that the usual Cuseeme stuff be added on, that
there be a frontiers area which would include the new video/audio applica-
tions; that there be a phone area that would include things like Iphone
and Tscape as well; that there be a personals area for Web and other per- 
sonals, and a chat area for romance and just plain contact - this might 
include MIRC as well as Global Chat which is pretty easy to use; that 
there be simple download/printing methods heading straight towards full- 
color printers; that there be an inktomi and yahoo immediate access for 
information; that there be a local NY newspage continually updated with 
additional information; that Usenet be presented with a simple way of 
searching the various groups; that telnet 25 be disabled to prevent sim- 
ple mischief but that other telnet ports be open; that gopher be there - 
preferably the Nysernet and the tc.umn.edu ones (one for local, one for 
global); that email be enabled possibly without return - and any other 
ideas here? because I'm curious what on earth would ever drive anyone to 
a cybercafe if and when she/he had access to a home or university account 
- but then the possibility of community, decent printing, trying out 
Iphone on a registered basis without paying for it; using reasonably ad- 
vanced videoboards, etc. comes to mind.

Any ideas? Not only because I'm engaged in this project, but also because 
I'm interested in figuring out what the deeper points (if any) of cyber- 
cafes are, and how much exactly they can exist as global coffee-houses, 
half in one world, half in the other...

And what would you want to see, in either, and for whom?


