

--



CYBORGIA!


Friends: These are times of trials and tribulations! My right arm has 
been cut off! My left leg has been cut off! My neck has been sliced to 
the bone, sliced to the bone! I have been betrayed, cleverly betrayed!

Friends, I am Alan Clara, Clara Hielo Internet! I have returned from the
depths of Tiffany! I have brought back circuitry! Some unknown substance,
straight from the gods, I cannot tell you friends, of what the lustrous
surface is composed of, nor what beauty is garnered within!

Friends, it is the INTERFACE! It connects Me and It, It and You, You and 
Me, it is a LOVING LOZENGE of cellular competitions, a garnered tiling of 
the PLANE and its MURKY DEPTHS!

Such INTERFACE resides in the CHEST just beneath the LEVEL OF THE 
NIPPLES; what protrudes is SENSORY, SENSORY!

Such INTERFACE resides in the CRANIUM, interconnectivities among the 
CHESTS, great FLUXES of MEMORIES washed across INTERIOR SURFACES, ridges 
and furrows, LABIA of emotional UPWELLINGS from the DEPTHS OF THE PAST!

Friends, I cannot emphasize this ENOUGH nor TOO LITTLE!

That such INTERFACES RECONNOITRE among themselves, TETHERING one THINKING-
FEELING-BOYGIRL to another! O Spidery Circulations!

That it is the TONGUE speaking *interface* all the way across emergent 
programs, information linear (speaking: *across*), information cyclical/ 
recursive/revolutionary/circulatory (speaking: *within*): ALL LIFE IS 
ACROSS OR WITHIN!

ALL LIFE IS TETHERED!

The Cyborg is the Splayed Body, Friends! Is Clara Hielo Internet, Is Alan 
Clara! The Cyborg is the Radio but it is also the Radiowave Transmission 
Tower Station Singer Clara Hielo !!!

Alan Clara stands legs slightly spread in front of the microphone!
Alan Clara grabs the microphone in both hands, hugs it towards hir!
Clara says THIS IS A TAKE! THIS IS A TAKE!

Tiffany and Alan watch behind the glass! The old RCA ribbon microphone 
SHUDDERS from the top of the gleaming chromium! THE WALLS ARE WAITING FOR 
HISTORY TO HAPPEN!

