=

Break/dance (new video/audio/image work) (in case you've missed this)

Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture second=life quasi-avatar 
is tethered at a root somewhat distanced from the object-image itself, it 
seemed that it might be possible to have the image 'break through' private 
barriers - of course with little consequence (so far); in any case you can 
see the result in the first two (small file) urls below:

http://www.asondheim.org/breakin.mov
http://www.asondheim.org/breakin.jpg

Sound of wood and wire: new alpine zither:

http://www.asondheim.org/ccc1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/ccc2.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/ccc3.mp3

FLoater-dance video in miniature on YouTube -

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1KwQj7rXFs

(please check this and my other videos out. if you like what you see, 
please pass the information on to others.)

thank you Alan Sondheim



Womans ands Mans

as well as accompanying men created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on 
men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al ruptured mess of the men banged into 
one another maybe they fucked in this just gets it started. Could the 
woman push out infinitely into the artifacts. The root of the woman is 
elsewhere; the woman itself, the image-woman, is ghost. The ghost travels 
through anything of course; it's Given that the danced-to-infinity 
motion-capture second=life quasi-woman as well as accompanying men created 
from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al 
ruptured mess of the men banged into one another maybe they fucked in [-] 
Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Men, models, perfor...  [-] Re: 
Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] 
Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: Woman...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: 
Woman...  [-] Re: Men, models, per... [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: 
Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: 
Woman...  [-] Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Men, models, 
perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: 
Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: Men, models, 
per... [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  
[-] Re: Men,...  as well as accompanying men created from cloth and wire 
[-] Thoughts on men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al ruptured mess of the 
men banged into one another maybe they fucked in This just gets it 
started. Could the woman push out infinitely into the artifacts. The root 
of the woman is elsewhere; the woman itself, the image-woman, is ghost. 
The ghost travels through anything of course; it's Given that the 
danced-to-infinity motion-capture second=life quasi-woman as well as 
accompanying men created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on men et al Re: 
Thoughts on men et al ruptured mess of the men banged into one another 
maybe they fucked in [-] Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Men, 
models, perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, ...  
[-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: 
Woman...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Re: Men, models, per... [-] 
Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: 
Men,...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Men, models, performers, d...  
[-] Re: Men, models, perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, 
models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  
[-] Re: Men, models, per... [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, 
model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  as well as accompanying 
womans created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on womans et al Re: 
Thoughts on womans et al ruptured mess of the womans banged into one 
another maybe they fucked in This just gets it started. Could the woman 
push out infinitely into the artifacts. The root of the woman is 
elsewhere; the woman itself, the image-woman, is ghost. The ghost travels 
through anything of course; it's Given that the danced-to-infinity 
motion-capture second=life quasi-woman as well as accompanying womans 
created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on womans et al Re: Thoughts on 
womans et al ruptured mess of the womans banged into one another maybe 
they fucked in [-] Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Men, models, 
perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: 
Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: Woman...  [-] 
Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Re: Men, models, per... [-] Re: Men, 
models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  
[-] Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: 
Men, models, perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, 
...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: 
Men, models, per... [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] 
Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  as well as accompanying men created from 
cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al 
ruptured mess of the men banged into one another maybe they fucked in This 
just gets it started. Could the woman push out infinitely into the 
artifacts. The root of the woman is elsewhere; the woman itself, the 
image-woman, is ghost. The ghost travels through anything of course; it's 
Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture second=life quasi-woman 
as well as accompanying men created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on 
men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al ruptured mess of the men banged into 
one another maybe they fucked in [-] Womans, models, performers, d...  
[-] Re: Womans, models, perfor...  [-] Re: Womans, models, per...  [-] Re: 
Womans, models, ...  [-] Re: Womans, model...  [-] Re: Womans, mo...  [-] 
Re: Womans,...  [-] Re: Woman...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Re: 
Womans, models, per... [-] Re: Womans, models, ...  [-] Re: Womans, 
model...  [-] Re: Womans, mo...  [-] Re: Womans,...  [-] Re: Woman...  
Re: Woman...  [-] Womans, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Womans, 
models, perfor...  [-] Re: Womans, models, per...  [-] Re: Womans, models, 
...  [-] Re: Womans, model...  [-] Re: Womans, mo...  [-] Re: Womans,...  
[-] Re: Womans, models, per... [-] Re: Womans, models, ...  [-] Re: 
Womans, model...  [-] Re: Womans, mo...  [-] Re: Womans,...


