=

Hi Sandy, I want to respond to your email tomorrow when I'm awake and able 
to think at all, about anything, we were out all day, I wrote you when I 
returned and it's been fuzzy tonight. But I do want to say re: pleasure, 
that I'm not personally all that interested in it, I don't see it in 
relation to pain at all, and I see pain as fundamental to philosophy and 
phenomenology in particular. I hope this makes sense? Pleasure seems more 
surface, disparate, connected to fulfillment, maybe even homeostasis, 
etc., not to mention the brain's pleasure centers. I don't know what I'm 
talking about here of course. Pain/wounding/death relate to the project at 
Eyebeam, and there's also sexuality - in other words, the avatar which is 
broken or taken over - the sexuality connects to pleasure, but for me it 
connects more to permissions and formal control - it's what's dark or 
forbidden in virtual sexuality, teledildonics, etc. that relates I think - 
in other words, what transgresses into the abject. All of this also 
touches on Kristeva, Douglas, purity and danger, Franz Steiner on taboo, 
etc. - these sorts of barriers that can lead to death, etc. - menses as 
well and the whole world that engages around menstruation as sexual/wound/ 
death/rebirth, etc. On a practical level, I feel my time is limited, and 
this area is fecund and mostly denied - the same way that the bodies of 
dead or wounded American soldiers are never presented, are always beyond 
the Pale. And it's here that the crux of virtual occurs, that is that the 
common - doxa - interpretation of virtuality lends itself to skimming over 
surfaces - to such pleasures that we can talk about the U.S. for example 
re: Wired mag. etc. as a culture of pleasure which buries everyting else. 
It's the debris I'm interested in here...

I'll try even to work this into an article, if I can, and more later from 
your original post today of course - I'm literally worn out at the 
moment... (Alan)

