

Film, the first Digital Medium


It was with amazement that early audiences watching the Lumiere lumines- 
cent train heading towards the camera immediately grasped the fictional 
and technological nature of the event. It's been postulated that neither 
the persistence of vision nor the saccadic movements of the eyes had yet 
been developed to any great degree. As a result, what the audience 
witnessed was actually a series of stutters or spurts; it was impossible 
for them to reconstruct the analogic experience from these few, far 
between, and pitiful photographic images. What an error on the part of the 
producers, who expected an overwhelming experience! Through the next 
several years, men and women developed the illusion of projected motion - 
with children, the learning curve was considerably shorter, given their 
embrace of anything new and remote from the already decadent culture of 
their parents. There was a curious hiatus between the Lumiere and further 
experimentation with audience, during which the showmen attempted the 
impossible - an awkward unraveling of the filmstock itself, a transparent 
ribbon woven and passed among the motion picture audience. Since the film 
was now moving, albeit without projection and the maltese-cross way of 
holding each image for a split-second in the frame, the viewers of the 
film were strangely satisfied. This all changed, perhaps for the better, 
within a few months, when the projects began their clacking once again, 
and the houses of vaudeville were filled with the melodrama and hijinks of 
gardeners, factory workers, and attempts to reach the moon. (A surviving 
specimen from the hiatus, not suitable for children (what were they think- 
ing!) - http://www.asondheim.org/etched.jpg ).


Moi AD..txt


Connection closed....host.

analog appears appears..continuous;..discrete, broken. broken. ...everyday 
digital life,.....result intervention......everyday intervention. 
life,..intervention every mapping. a every mapping..unless itself mapping 
intervention (ikonic), leaves something out.

requires standard setting....a..a intervention raster requires filtering 
almost quantity, discrete almost steps. always think with of....steps. 
filtering think of....out....out continuous....as....a...quantifying those 
elements.

ordered...sorts.....fabric elements...into separable categories.

standardized..so may...be..transmitted..and transmitted raster received 
channels, coherent means channels,.....means coherent..through receiver.

standardization.....protocol...standardization...of agreed 
both.....sender. .establishment raster....communication. raster 
raster..communicated. energy after..established, parceled parceled 
content, semantic after content, raster coded raster, coded coding 
community community raster..and..codes coding object from...digital, 
viewpoint analog digital, the....the process.....irreversible.

parcelling..accurate of...a limits a....is conventionally-established 
conventionally-established tolerance. tolerance.....tolerance,...more 
often often...than...not, tied general, economy. greater general, 
capital..capital tied available,.....lesser possesses..digital process, 
digital..is.....is....a "pointing mapping towards".....continuum, scale. 
...ikonic,..indexical.

between and..referents....distinction ontological;..domain..... 
epistemological.

at...zero..tolerance....and...an..infinitely-fine error" raster, 
infinitely-fine - equivalent...analog. words,...the.....digital other..... 
words,....exactly thing....the itself; the...thing identity...- permitted 
and infinitely-coarse infinite...mark. mark. the...totalizes demarcated. 
mark instance....there..numerous..worlds" worlds"..... nearly-decomposable 
systems. systems. (herbert (herbert there simon) everyday...is.....simon) 
dreams,....example, -..sudden encounters shifts jump-cuts of....shifts 
dreams, place example, time... .analogic. world. ..signs and....of 
inscription..discontinuous, discontinuous,. ..syntactic, moments entities.

filmworld metz)....appears metz).....entanglement languaging continuities. 
is...operable....subject subject (i.e. whose whose...discursive..is 
somewhat..definable),..tends towards towards....polarities, 
interpretations, polarities, interpenetrations, interpretations,. 
.interpenetrations, frames etc. digital;..diegesis analog..and story), 
digital (semiotics the..the psychoanalytics are....of subject-viewer).

neurophysiology neurophysiology implies, implies, entanglements 
entanglements (neural (neural firings)..(potentials),..but.. 
problematizing.....analog/digital analog/digital split split 
ontological/epistemic ontological/epistemic grounds. grounds. inseparable 
inseparable problematized; problematized; useless. useless. same 
fundamental...at level far..the physics,...at.....least true far..goes; 
research..are quantum...processes involve involve current 
levels,..continuums; breakdown breakdown levels,....there small forth. 
distances/times,.....forth. is...and way...down," level coding..way 
neither down,"..coding mental..physical....processes abjure 
distinction..clear analog extent clear 
phenomenology.....inappropriate...of nature,". ..perhaps..of unknown; 
syntax perhaps itself...its inappropriate well.

one..searching it..means..encoding encoding universe universe grasped. 
grasped. slips..fingers...is element..independent any..transformed 
transforming without..transforming other..within digital problematic. 
digital cleanly within....the.... clean...interconnected.. inseparable. 
element transformation element alters element. inherent. truth..is truth 
the....dirty,.....inseparable, dirty, unbreakable. inseparable, dirty 
problematizes problematizes symbolic. symbolic. clean 
clean....representation ghosts within embedded analogic. excluded ghosts 
absence...exclusion digital non-existence.....existence within existents 
viewpoint envelops..act differentiation; differentiation; analog 
integration. integration. smoothes smoothes...what disrupts. disrupts. 
stand. origin. origin. a cartesian is..countermanded countermanded.. 
arbitrary location draws a distinction;....it.....the...construct 
construct which potential.....well,...which distinction....spite spite.. 
corrosion..erase..the..analogic sublimate erase real, plasmatic heated 
distinctions distinctions plasmatic...world less is...the required 
convey....information. plasmatic world, theoretical..is. 
..necessarily..the inoperable. world landscape preferred preferred...such 
landscape cold-world..transformations....distinctions. a wells, 
distinctions.....remain..intact, semantic content flows structures.

quantifies carries....digital coding, nature,...that nature,.....say,. 
.."below," "above,".."below,".."as above," below." apparent metaphor 
below." "above,"..metonymy..tropes, within signifier the...signified; 
reference creates signified; from..creation.....re-inscribes..signified 
analogic. elsewhere; in....the operates...."within".....chain.. 
signifiers,.....hermeneutics..a other, inauthentically 
inauthentically..... create.."originary"....other,... creation.

speech always ("and already...embody....embody ("and inscription. 
.inscription separates separates..inscribed..thereby creation 
created....complement,..world external created entity.

totality inscriptions inscriptions..coherent closed totality system, 
is,..system..by after..humans since....their cultures.

somewhere foerster..characterizes foerster organism characterizes..... 
organism negation. negation...the first the...speech primary not...first. 
.speech this,...that"....."avoid is....go..- go...there."..inscribe. 
.negate carving-away......implies always reduction relative carving-away 
deemed deemed..extraneous. digital...saws..extraneous, residue. residue. 
residue..noise.....the noise. residue noiseless, 
digital..silence.....circle washes....mental washes impressions. 
.impressions......image circle (sartre),..rule-bound,..else, similar 
suffer something similar an...similarity. both...other.

unstructured; unstructured;..structured. communality, use-value.....the. 
..the exchange-value. exchange exchange..direct..... 
indirect,..transitive. exchange based equivalence, equivalence,.. 
..exchange contract......binds.....defines exchange..(by to....of) virtue 
analogic use-value use-value..and immanent. digital exchange-value..... 
distanced,..subject; subject; object.....replaces.....use. analog presumed 
the contamination..is..false......healing real. suturing analog without 
digital, communication.....would impossible...ideality ideality without 
feral.....under..erasure...to...retain..retain releases everything,.. 
releases scaffold everything.

"wovon..man..sprechen sprechen..darueber darueber muss...man.."wovon 
(wittgenstein)  lost. -

