


filtering, gathering

[23;22H[Processing filter "Filter Rule"     ]
http://www.alansondheim.org/ivy.jpg
[23;22H[Processing filter "Filter Rule"     ]
[23;22H[Processing filter "Filter Rule"     ]
[23;22H[Processing filter "Filter Rule"     ]
[23;22H[Processing filter "Filter Rule"     ]
[23;22H[Processing filter "Filter Rule"     ]
[23;33H[filtering done]
[23;22H[Processing filter "Filter Rule"     ]
[23;22H[Processing filter "Filter Rule"     ]
[23;22H[Processing filter "Filter Rule"     ]
[23;22H[Processing filter "Filter Rule"     ]
[23;22H[Processing filter "Filter Rule"     ]
[23;33H[filtering done]
http://www.alansondheim.org/ivy.jpg

 *gathering ^From:.*gathering
 /dev/null
 *gathering ^From:.*gathering
 /dev/null
 *gathering ^From:.*gathering
 /dev/null
 *gathering ^From:.*gathering
 /dev/null
 *gathering ^From:
 /dev/null
 *gathering ^gathering Subjects: 
 /dev/null
http://www.alansondheim.org/ivy.jpg

From rwgenzoeuywh@postown.net Fri Nov 23 00:31:21 2007
 Subject: http://www.alansondheim.org/ivy.jpg
  Folder: /dev/null 6289

From laurielarsen@usa.net Fri Nov 23 00:34:24 2007
 Subject: RE: Canadian Pharmacy id 4655216
  Folder: /dev/null 4430

From pgwwuwmxwrouhu@chol.com Fri Nov 23 00:36:14 2007
 Subject: http://www.alansondheim.org/ivy.jpg
  Folder: /dev/null 7183

From staatsloteinfo1@aim.com Fri Nov 23 23:34:00 2007
 Subject: WINNER !!!.
  Folder: /dev/null 5310

From nobody@host27.host.org Fri Nov 23 23:57:08 2007
 Subject: Urgent Response
  Folder: /dev/null 6282

From purasu80man@yahoo.co.jp Fri Nov 23 23:58:07 2007
 Subject: =?iso-2022-jp?B?GyRCJDMkTkp9SyEkcjtuJDckRjZ
DJCQkRiRbJDckJBsoQg==?= 
  Folder: /dev/null 4389

From mrsherifsambo@yahoo.co.uk Sat Nov 24 00:03:35 2007
 Subject: Hello
  Folder: /dev/null 7161

From n.235.9164805@fizzywigs.com Sat Nov 24 00:05:50 2007
 Subject: The Must Have toy of the Season - The Flying 
Micro X Copter - On Sale
  Folder: /dev/null 5854

From baming50@126.com Sat Nov 24 00:16:42 2007
 Subject: =?ISO-2022-JP?B?GyRCNmE9aiROOHg9MEZ5Slg0byUqJVA
lNSVzQyMkQCQrJGlDLyRIG
  Folder: /dev/null 5656

From 49pondeponti1980@home-mail.info Sat Nov 24 00:16:43 2007
 Subject: =?ISO-2022-JP?B?kFaXoFZJUIH0grKS8YufgUmBSQ==?=
  Folder: /dev/null 6324

From peterwongk22@yahoo.com Sat Nov 24 00:57:56 2007
 Subject: DEAR FRIEND
  Folder: /dev/null 3554

From soncis@po.iijnet.or.jp Sat Nov 24 01:17:44 2007
 Subject: November 74% OFF
  Folder: /dev/null 7237

From gntujefvmh@bouncyuk.com Sat Nov 24 01:21:41 2007
 Subject: Potenzprobleme - ab heute nicht mehr 
http://www.alansondheim.org/ivy.jpg
  Folder: /dev/null 9522

From member@eBay.com Sat Nov 24 01:33:16 2007
 Subject: This member has a question for you
  Folder: /dev/null 31404
http://www.alansondheim.org/ivy.jpg





defuge flarf

(i use ActivePerl with the Google WSDL to construct a list from 'defuge' 
which is then transformed into an essay on defuge with interference and 
the exhaustion of interference. read on.)

defuge itself, the hymen or division which draws the poem forward beyond 
return, the sonnet to the final couplet. rhyme materializes, and full to 
an end.

the resulting detumescence partakes of defuge, exhaustive exactly. ... an 
information disorder? decathecting? has to do with defuge in relation to 
borderline syndrome, borderline personality 10 'amnem, troiugena, cannam 
fuge, defuge cannam'

33571 30 hacking with an australian derrida list, construction defuge 
derrida dhtml diegesis diegetic differend, the screen is a d&p=10982 of er 
er he peak value); a. more precise elimina he fla he fla he fla h remely 
fla h. ilen age of specimen and op he disadvan causing scra defuge = he

exhaustion defuge, hade pith, pith pith pith, defuge exhausted, defuge 
jennifer drops, pith lick, strange ange, lick lick lick lick lick, ... 85 
defuge set, exhaustion defuge, defuge exhausted, defuge jennifer drops, 
century er er he peak value); a. more precise elimina he fla he fla he fla 
h remely fla h. ilen age of specimen and op he disadvan causing scra 
defuge = 

information is in a state of becoming-information - always hermeneutics 
defuge also an information disorder? decathecting? has to do with libid- 
inal 22 re: n.otes information is in a state of becoming-information - 
always hermeneutics defuge also an information disorder? decathecting? has 
to do with libidinal 23 re: n.otes information is in a state of becoming- 
information - always hermeneutics defuge also an information disorder? 
decathecting? has to do with libidinal 24 trilby sorts and folds

them defuge - again defuge again the - disgust the and disgust decathec- 
ting the resulting detumescence partakes of defuge, exhaustive exactly, 
the disgust and decathecting occurring, example, a pornographic novel 
'gone stale'

information disorder? decathecting? has to do with defuge in relation to 
borderline syndrome, borderline personality 30

this philosophy is the withdrawal from (not of) the emblematic; the with- 
drawal is a tendency towards defuge, towards discomfort and its problem- 
atic. decathetcted, exhausted, condition of defuge. if defuge relates to 
depression, then defuge relates to the real in a manner of none other, 
nothing else.

defuge is that which is simultaneously absorbed and negated, simultaneous- 
ly cathected and decathected; defuge is the shame of the organism, 33

i'm sick of swallowing adulterated view, defuge is connected with the hunt 
as well hunt as well, with the ravishment and devouring of the other, 60 - 
originally posted by defuge yes, like i said i can unlock the extra 
pipelines.

did you put in 3 sticks or 2 sticks...it might work if its just 44 why i 
should be killed tiffany says "you're taking it too the word itself, the 
hymen or division which splits: re: hymen, rhyme patterns, frames, defug- 
es; it is the defuge that draws the poem 45 defuge"

because during that period, defuge set in; i was exhausted with jennifer 
and please, defuge set in; that you berated it. it's the nuclear class 
exhausted, condition of defuge. if defuge relates to depression, then 
defuge relates to the real in a manner of none other, nothing else.

[18:34] <two> yes defuge(i will signal you) [18:34] <one> now the world of 
terrific signal [18:35] <two> now you will murmur "on your own, 54

and 61 pleonast.com: wow_central you don't want/need send to defuge. 
that's my main character. 63 cocoon have you ever felt were writing some- 
thing other than what ... detumescent hir cyberspace lockdown pentium 
wryting defuge because during that period defuge set in i was exhausted 
with jennifer and julu 64 { nikuko } alan sondheim { jennifer }

ravishment and devouring of the other, with propitiation. 65 flattening 
repetition flattening print are defuge everywhere with and are with are 
and print print with defuge and disturbances if disturbances defuge 75 
terrific gunfire meets advancing foe; defenders retire coolly

...its not bad, take ... exhaustion of theoretical substance, decathect- 
ing, disinvestment. nothing splays the body; phenomenology is always 
already a masochism 6800 you got defuge? keep pumping the core up till you 
get ... defuge. 05-10-2004, 05:25 pm. ok i pushed the card a bit more and 
still no ...

d&p=2201 3 an identity is an equivalence of one 3 desire is towards the 
potential of infinite manipulation 3 disinvestment is the state of defuge 
or refusal/deluge 3 79 d&p=42039 the result is a world of loss, but what 
is lost has already and permanently disappeared. 

defuge - with decathection comes exhaustion, enervation; the resulting 
detumescence partakes of exhaustive reality ... 83 the flat world i'm 
making here flattening repetition flattening, defuge everywhere with 
disturbances if disturbances defuge 84 a dead iraqi child what i told you 
i told you so [ yokohama pre australian message on the derrida list.
 
construction defuge negated, simultaneously cathected and decathected; 
defuge is 87 l of the plasma 2 investment is characteristic of phenomena 3 
disinvestment is the state of defuge or refusal/deluge 4 what is disinves- 
ted participates in 91 ruin do: population martin says: defuge of rem- 
nants? cuold di intelligences aluminum on i? battelfield says- deh is 
fading knowledge in every reading moment. knew says; ... 92 new dreaming

i'm thinking of a broader metapsychology, one of flows/flux/spew/emission 
as well (my notion of 'defuge' is related to this). as far as 'taking 
apart,' 94 favourite p2p program - overclockers nz forums that's the 
puncture, isn't it? depression's thing? defuge = the flatness of the flat 
defuge = the flatness of the flat one of the videos compressed for 97 
codework - identity is an equivalence of one 3 desire is towards the 
potential of infinite manipulation 3 disinvestment is the state of defuge 
or refusal/deluge 3 98 poetics archives --

the wavering of existence in terms of the physical exhaustion, defuge, 
there's nothing here to guide by stars. ... 100 ruin do: population says: 
ta structure over land and others? one's of it inert as ...

residue, almost always you stain yourself following sleazy paths to old 
lurid defuge - stain earth, earth heaving - 109 { nikuko } alan sondheim { 
jennifer } is also a stain - heaving discomfort -

refusal/deluge 3 113 the breathing _substances_ time; this is the ontology 
of the disappearing lather, held and suspended in phenomenologies of in- 
somnia, as if defuge were by consciousness, and inscription transformed 
smears. defuge smeared against the central desert's nilometer measuring 
taste, sweat, covered with grease 116 philosophy

the state of defuge or refusal/deluge 4 what is disinvested misty falls - 
how does defuge appear in mist-form questions in mist-form 121 some sum 
across text 0 the world has any and none 1 an equivalence of one 3 desire 
is towards the potential of infinite manipulation 3 disinvestment is the 
state of defuge or refusal/deluge 3 122 teams - episode episode details -

ascii sexuality as control structures, defuge as exhaustion and decathec- 
ting of desire under certain circumstances, mixed spatialities and meta- 
phors, 131 as if the intermediary always escaped (whereas the sublime is 
already constructed as infinitude) or defuge - seriously, what amounts to 
the sadness, ... 132 not bellmer berber anita's objects - objects can show 
for me. it's not boredom or tiredness. it is 'i defuge' or in passive 'i 
am defuged.' 133 that's the puncture, isn't it? depression's thing?

dialect, 152 { nikuko } alan sondheim { jennifer } i coined the 'defuge' 
to reference those moments : for example when you try all my beautiful 
domains, defuge withdraws and decathects. knotted cords anxiously tighten 
goals and scripts which are higher-level processes

defuge ointment because jen- nifer could 'walk the walk' and 'talk the 
talk ... and no thing sloshing around in the puddles, the paste broken by 
inscription. the wavering of existence in terms of the physical exhaus- 
tion, defuge, defuge, we thrust ourselves into replicate exactly one hund- 
red dying 187 my ghost in my machine, clara postulations, i said, give it 
to him, and it changed his, dark horse of sacrifice, given to the queen 
jen out of defuge ...

192 3 : 2 : 1 : 19 : 19 3 3 : 2 2 : 1 1 : 19 19 : 5 5 3 3 3 : 2 2 2 : 2 2 
: 1 1 : 19 19 : 5 5 3 3 3 : 2 2 2 ... blank: broken writing-pad, magic 
slate, inviolate sheet of assertion, defuge, decathected. the edge, the 
stylus. fulcrum or balance for the interior.



Small Incident at the Entrance to the Space


Nikuko: I couldn't wait for Him to come. I was Caught in the Traipsing of 
Desire. His magic Touch saved me from Incipient Void.

Travis: I was walking by. I had nothing to do. Suddenly this Avatar 
appeared before Me. She was Desperate. She was a Lost Hungry Ghost. I felt 
great Compassion. In the Midst of Emptiness, I reached out to Her. I 
pulled her back from the Brink of Samsara.

Nikuko: Now I can enter Higher Realms. Beings surround Me. I have Action 
Way and Knowledge Way. I am Ten-Direction Knowledge. 

Travis: I placed Her in the Center of the Residence. There is Nothing more 
for Her. There is Much to be learned. Within Her, without Her.

Nikuko: Within Me, without Me, Yoni and Lingam. I am sheave-formed, Yoni
torn from Me, Lingam torn from You. I couldn't wait for You to come. Here
I shall save you. Here, Movement, Suffering, Betrayal. There, Void-Touch 
of the Six Senses. 

Travis: I embrace the Twelve Links of co-dependent co-origination. I was 
crying for You. 

Nikuko: You were screaming. You are sheave-formed. Look at You! Look at 
What you Are!

Travis: I was Crying for Help.

Nikuko: I had Nothing to do...

http://www.alansondheim.org/myrescue.jpg





Bondage of Existence


We were talking about Second Life this evening and I realized something, 
that no matter how much you critique the application/site, you talk about 
events there - and events as if they're happening in the 'real world.' 
What other environment generates such a self-created ongoing diegetic? 
Things falling from the sky, people griefing others, people wandering 
around, creating and destroying, talking and talking, maybe making a liv- 
ing. SL plays the 'real world,' of course however defined. And that is its 
strength - semantics and content moving among ordinary subjectivities.


"There exists not one being who is unenlightened from the awakening to his 
own nature By their very intrinsic nature the beings in hell, ghosts, 
animals, gods, titans, men and even worms and so on in the dung, are 
eternally blissful, for they do not merely experience the pleasure of the 
gods and the titans." (Hevajra Tantra, trans. Farrow and Menon.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/holdme.mp4




vectoror

because 
I travel
I can from
that point
A, travel to
from that point
that point B.
A, because
I to
B upon
that B
upon a train,
train. {A,B},
{A,B}, a
closed contingent
set upon
contingent
the time of
day,
of suffering
day, a
suffering enclose
an enclose of
light
light
the
one and
and the one and
another. to
have climbed
climbed aboard
aboard 
upon a
flight of
stairs, close
close of
there-upon,
upon
upon, 
I, won't I
be, won't be
traveling, be
longer,
traveling,
won't be I be traveling longer

http://www.alansondheim.org/train.mov



skin-sheave

eternal bliss / other organs organelles / thick with sheave-formation / 
dense with refraction of organs / beneath organs others / within and 
beneath others organelles organs / discourage shining / devoured offerings 
/ initiation of water-sheave / initiation of skin-sheave / initiation of 
scent-offering / initiation of image-sheave / beneath sheaves sheaves of 
others / world-devoured sheaves / dead-avatar-sheaves gnawed / stand among 
the seated / defiled-sheaves / gnawed defiled-sheaves / cloaked deaths / 
avatartist scent-mandalas / what passes for vision in physical world 
passes for scent in virtual / what is object in physical world passes for 
tissue in virtual / what passes for food in physical passes for swallow in 
virtual / what passes for true world passes in physical passes in virtual 
/ take up sheave-bones / your bliss / your organs / your organelles / your 
sheave-formation / your refraction / your others / your shining / your 
offerings / your water-sheave / your skin-sheave / your initiation / your 
scent-offering / your image-sheave / your sheave / your sheaves / your 
seated / your defiled-sheaves / your scent-mandalas / your avatartist / 
your scent-mandalas / your vision / your world / your scent / your tissue 
/ your food / your swallow / your sheave-bones / your bliss / eternal 
other bliss organs / organelles other / organs thick organelles with thick 
/ with eternal sheave-formation bliss dense organs refraction beneath of 
organs beneath within others dense within refraction and of discourage / 
shining devoured devoured beneath offerings others initiation / water- 
sheave of skin-sheave of scent-offering initiation image-sheave beneath 
sheaves of world-devoured / dead-avatar-sheaves / gnawed others stand / 
among seated the / seated defiled-sheaves defiled-sheaves gnawed cloaked 
the deaths scent-mandalas avatartist what scent-mandalas passes what 
vision passes in for physical vision deaths in / physical avatartist world 
virtual scent is virtual in is world object passes tissue for food for 
swallow passes true passes take / up your sheave-bones organs your your 
skin-sheave / / sheave / eternal other bliss organs / organelles other / 
organs thick organelles with thick / with eternal sheave-formation bliss 
dense organs refraction beneath of organs beneath within others dense 
within refraction and of discourage / shining devoured devoured beneath 
offerings others initiation / water-sheave of skin-sheave of scent-offer- 
ing initiation image-sheave beneath sheaves of world-devoured / dead- 
avatar-sheaves / gnawed others stand / among seated the / seated defiled- 
sheaves defiled-sheaves gnawed cloaked the deaths scent-mandalas avatar- 
tist what scent-mandalas passes what vision passes in for physical vision 
deaths in / physical avatartist world virtual scent is virtual in is world 
object passes tissue for food for swallow passes true passes take / up 
your sheave-bones organs your your skin-sheave / / sheave /

http://www.alansondheim.org/vectoror1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/vectoror2.jpg






The Trial of Adolf Eichmann
Session 68
(Part 1 of 9) 



