



Writing and Wryting

[Written for an online class at DMU]

I write daily and when I'm not writing, I'm thinking about writing or 
writing in another medium; the world is a world of inscriptions. At one 
point I believed there were signs, that the world was inhabited by 
signifiers which might or might not have referents; now, after looking 
repeatedly at tantra and the casting-off of whatever was found and 
impeded, I think signifiers might be nothing except residues of a kind of 
frisson, the world rubbing up against itself. Whatever codes there are, 
and however these codes are manipulated -

http://www.alansondheim.org/examples.txt -

they're not the only story, or rather, they _are_ the story but that's 
nothing - what's going on in the world isn't story at all. We tend to make 
scripts of things around us - that's how we get along. For example, 
there's the restaurant script (and this example of course isn't mine) - I 
enter a restaurant I've never been in before, but I know exactly what to 
do; there's a restaurant script and subscripts; we don't make it up 
immediately - that would be far too costly - but rely on constructing, 
memory, reconstructing, and so forth, and there we are, eating together. 
And it's eating together, because scripts, like the world, are consensual 
and build community.

Somebody said something like aye, there's the rub of it - and that's it, 
precisely; the world rubs one, _worlding_ is a form of rubbing - which 
makes virtual worlds such as Second Life all the more perplexed, where 
rubbing and any physics has to be _intended_ by someone, a programmer, or 
nothing would happen at all. Still, in second life, one might have bodies 
or rather one might _inscribe_ bodies with writing, and this body writing 
I call _wryting_ and it occurs in the real world as well. For example,

http://www.alansondheim.org/throbbed.mp4

where avatars conform and display to one another, and all these behaviors 
are automated from written files called bvh files, which give an indica- 
tion of how virtual worlds are in fact a kind of writing. Here is part of 
a bvh which produced what you've seen in throbbed:

HIERARCHY
ROOT Hips
{
OFFSET 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000
CHANNELS 6 Xposition Yposition Zposition Xrotation Zrotation Yrotation
JOINT LeftHip
{
OFFSET 15.061017 17.082508 -14.925126
CHANNELS 3 Xrotation Zrotation Yrotation
JOINT LeftKnee
{
OFFSET 160.534210 236.940994 175.551743
CHANNELS 3 Xrotation Zrotation Yrotation
JOINT LeftAnkle

This gives the initial positions of the body; later, there are tens of 
thousands of numbers that give the node movements from these positions.
Do note that this is an ascii, a text file, and not a binary, not an 
executable; the file is executed by a program that uses it as data. In 
this sense, the virtual world is always inscribed, digital, just as the 
real physical world is not written, but _is,_ and is analog, and tends to 
wear out. Nothing wears out in the digital world, and while avatars - what 
I call emanents - need electricity to run, they don't need food. Still, 
given that, I think that for a conscious mind, a mind used to dreaming, to 
projections and introjections, there are no real differences between the 
virtual and the real, and there's dreaming, proverbs, tales, stories, 
poetry, poetics, hallucinations, hypnagogic imagery, meditations, and the 
like to show that. 

And even though the real physical world isn't written, it's full of 
writing and our bodies themselves are always already written, inscribed - 
full of tattoos, scars, burns, abrasions, wrinkles, salves, perfumes, 
calluses, and so forth. I think it's from these things, particularly from 
scars, wounds, abrasions, scrapes, etc., that language descends - that 
language is first and foremost a reading of the history of the body, that 
the body, the physical body, carries its own primordial memory upon it. 
That's important, since it's this memory, these scarrings, that bind us to 
the earth, to the world, the analogic. The digital is constructed from 
that with a bit of a help from the corporate, from political economy - the 
digital rides and infuses poitical economy in fact. So there are digital 
standards for sampling, for encoding and decoding and checksums and so 
forth, and these guarantee that a parsing of the world in one part of it 
can be a parsing of the world in another. Think of the digital as an 
extrusion, and think, even, of writing as _always_ digital or at least 
always discrete, one symbol differentiated from another, from the other, 
as all of them together generate meaning within organism and conscious- 
ness, generate culture.

An aside here to the effect that _culture is all the way down,_ that any 
organism has culture, has learning, has the symbolic, has the digital (in 
the sense that catastrophe theory prescribes and describes certain sudden 
shifts in behavior or states which might as well be digital, that is _on 
and off switches_ operating within potential wells, that is a level above 
noise which allows them to function. Recent experiences in fact demon- 
strate amoebic memory, even within this one-celled animal without neurons 
or nervous system. It's important to think throug this, to see the world 
as not only processings but also culturings - if you do that, a very 
different kind of world emerges. 

So where does codework or digital writing come into play here? One might 
begin back with culturing - that the world is replete with poetics, that 
it makes real, concrete, sense to speak or think of the poetics of the 
real - that this isn't just metaphoric. And then one might proceed fur- 
ther and realize, within the analogic the digital resides - that the 
analog harbors splits and leaps, as the collapse of the wave equation or 
annihilation of virtual particles shows. And within the digital, there's 
the analog as well - the potential well upon which the digital rides, 
literally, let there be no mistake about it. 

So one might ride the digital as well, perceive the digital as an extru- 
sion from the analogic, or a residue, or a system of signs which for the 
most part are produced by humans, according to human conventions and 
protocols, for example, the tcp/ip structure or protocol suite of the 
Internet - and if not this protocol suite, another or an other. Then one 
writes here, in this medium, in this temporarily electronic medium (for 
there might be other sorts of transmission in the future, who knows? or 
other sorts now for that matter, literally for that matter). And within 
the digital, in which bits bite bits, every pixel, every character, every 
moment of the digital is independently accessible, and every moment is 
deeply ruptured, disconnected, from every other. This is why the digital 
is inherently untruthful; there's no truth within it, since manipulation 
is complete and replete within every file, every domain, every protocol, 
every instantiation in fact. There are no lies, either, and if there are 
narratologies, these reside in sememes embedded or encoded within the 
digital, interpreted by organism, often human. In creating in such an 
environment, one plays god, or at least deity (in the tantric sense); one 
constructs out of nothing, and if I write the phrase, as On Kawara might, 
"I am still alive," these letters are, at a very fundamental and concrete 
level, completely independent; I could just as well write "lkurj llisihg" 
or anything else, literally, again, for that matter, and for the sorts and 
sortings of that matter. 

Well, I can write anything, I can say anything. And some of what I write 
just lies there, and some is performative, in the sense that, if I type

k3% date
Sat Jan 19 01:13:23 EST 2008

at the k3% prompt, the date is returned - the word is not just a word, but 
an action, a process, an operation inherent in the reading and writing of 
it within an operating system. Now if I type

k7% lkjsfug
ksh: lkjsfug: not found

as you can see, it's still performing, but the operating system is looking 
for a meaning or decoding and can't find any or rather finds a kind of 
null-decoding which is based on absence. So that electronic writing, with- 
in a terminal window is always a performance; it's never static. And it's 
not only a performance, but also a communalit, since there are others who 
may well be present, even though invisible, uncounted, and unaccountable:

cbpp     ftp12907 Jan 18 10:42  (cbpp8.cbpp.org)
cbpp     ftp7371  Jan 18 10:16  (cbpp8.cbpp.org)
jpl15    ttyp0    Jan 18 11:20  (76.216.63.13)
harold   ttyp1    Jan 19 01:16  (12.6.206.9)
dagger   ttyp2    Jan 16 01:31  (24.5.61.60)
bitty    ttyp3    Jan 16 20:32  (76.19.99.242)
bord     ttyp5    Jan 14 11:10  (75.129.128.49:S.0)

for example are running around on the same machine I am, and I'm aware of 
them, even though I don't know who they are. I can find out what some of 
them are doing:

bord     ttyp5   75-129-128-49.dhcp.fdul.wi Mon11AM  5:20 irc
gburnore ttyp6   bastille.netbasix.net      Fri10PM    29 rtin
bord     ttyp7   75-129-128-49.dhcp.fdul.wi Mon11AM 12:25 
/usr/local/bin/ksh
bord     ttyp8   75-129-128-49.dhcp.fdul.wi Mon11AM  5:20 irc
jkurck   ttyp9   adsl-75-10-97-59.dsl.frs2c Fri02AM 12:25 -tcsh

for example, but I'm not informed as to the semantics involved, only the 
protocols, the surface syntactics.

So one might see codework as a mix of all of this, a kind of dirty or 
abject combination, a kind of rupturing, of surface and depth, one 
producing another or an other, a kind of drawing-out of the fecundity of 
the world and its structure, its poetics. This combination or drawing-out 
reflects the real unclarity of what I call the true world, which is the 
real and virtual world interpenetrated, intermingled, diffused, effused, 
as they are for us, no matter where we think we are, in first life or 
Second Life or what I call third sex, which is online sex, as if there 
were a first or second, which there aren't. 

Beyond this, I'm not sure what codework is, even though I've invented or 
discovered the term. Here is a program Florian Cramer wrote for me, called 
eliminate.pl (it's in perl):

#!/usr/local/bin/perl5

while (<STDIN>) {
        @words = split /[\s]+/, $_;
        @spaces = split /[\S]+/, $_;
	for ($x=0; $x <= $#words; $x++) {
                $word_count{$words[$x]}++;
if ($word_count{$words[$x]} == 1) {print $words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}
                }
        }

This is based on the Thousand Character Essay, written in Chinese around 
fifteen hundred years ago - an essay in which each character is different 
from every other; each character, in a sense, is primordial, individuated 
- an extreme nominalism. Although I don't know Chinese, I worked with a 
friend laboriously translating it. Anyway, I wanted to duplicate this in 
English - use a program in which each instance of a word appears only 
once, that is, at its first (and only) appearance. Within this, the fol- 
lowing are still distinguished: "word" "Word" "Word," "word-" and so forth 
since these have different ascii renderings. Here is part of this very 
essay rendered with the program:

my writing

I write daily and when I'm not writing, thinking about or in another
medium; the world is a of inscriptions. At one point believed there were
signs, that was inhabited by signifiers which might have referents; now,
after looking repeatedly at tantra casting-off whatever found impeded,
think be nothing except residues kind frisson, rubbing up against itself.
Whatever codes are, however these are manipulated -
http://www.alansondheim.org/examples.txt they're only story, rather, they
_are_ story but that's what's going on isn't all. We tend to make scripts
things around us how we get along. For example, there's restaurant script
(and this example course mine) enter I've never been before, know exactly
what do; subscripts; don't it immediately would far too costly rely
constructing, memory, reconstructing, so forth, eating together. And it's
together, because scripts, like world, consensual build community.

== Now this is at the beginning of the text, and clear, but see what 
happens towards the end:

$word_count{$words[$x]}++;($word_count{$words[$x]} == 1) {print
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]} }Thousand Character Essay, Chinese fifteen
hundred years ago essay each character other; primordial, individuated
extreme nominalism. Although Chinese, worked friend laboriously
translating Anyway, wanted duplicate English use instance appears once,
only) appearance. Within fol- lowing distinguished: "word" "Word" "Word,"
"word-" forth ascii renderings. rendered program:

== Here, towards the end, the condensation is extreme. One might think of 
this in terms of the biblical book of Genesis - and one of the first 
things I did was to render Genesis with the program, which resulted, 
again, in a kind of _Vac,_ word-creation, creation-word of a primordial 
sort. I think of this as codework, since, reading it, it becomes clear 
quickly - what is happening, what the structure is - even if the code 
itself isn't present except as a disturbance upon another text, an other.
This becomes clearer, perhaps, when the program is applied to itself:

#!/usr/local/bin/perl5
while (<STDIN>) {
 @words = split /[\s]+/,
$_;@spaces /[\S]+/,
for ($x=0; $x <= $#words; $x++)
$word_count{$words[$x]}++;if ($word_count{$words[$x]} == 1) {print
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}}

== Now I don't think of this as a 'better' example of codework than the 
first example, even though code is evident here; it's just another sub- 
ject for the performative maw. 

A point about interactivity: Every writing, wryting, upon reading or 
sensing, scenting, is always already interactive; the inscriptive is never 
_linear,_ no matter the appearance of lines. Memory, remembrance, is at 
work, scanning moves backwards and forwards, moves in chunks, and even 
syntax tends to jump about, leap. There is of course an active interactiv- 
ity, in which the reader/scenter is required to _do_ something concrete, 
within a repertoire or potential series of actions; hypertext is perhaps 
the simplest example. I've not been so interested in that, and my lack of 
interest has to do with worlds and the false appearance of choice; I'd 
rather have the running of inscription and meaning go on about without 
interruption, as the world goes on about one, even though one seems to 
have choice within it. This stems to some extent from my interest in film; 
I've never been carried so far in a hypertextual situation as I am when 
embedded in the cinematic other which is also the self, selving. The world 
is complex and I attempt to deal with that complexity and its perturba- 
tions, attempt to deal with the surface codes of the world. This isn't a 
manifesto on my part, and in fact, I've produced interactive work as well, 
particularly in simple Visual Basic, but I'd rather the interactivity 
occur elsewhere, within consciousness.

Here are some links. First, to the most recent series of texts:

http://www.alansondheim.org/pm.txt - here you'll find all sorts of things, 
from a report on an airline's first attempts at wireless en route to the 
derivation of 'bug' (as in software or computer bug), to the kinds of code 
early telegraph operators used, to... a google scraping piece on 'bush 
fucks' to... an elimination piece featuring my Facebook superwall. These 
texts are 'thicker' than many others, and they're stressed - we were mov- 
ing temporarily to West Virginia, and our companion cat of 18 years had to 
be put down, which was one of the most traumatic events of my life. At 
this point, pm.txt is somewhat diaristic, although most of it isn't.

These are part of the Internet Text, which I've been writing since 1994, a 
continuous meditation on the above and other subjects. If you look at the 
earlier texts, for example:

http://www.alansondheim.org/net1.txt - you'll find a clearer form of expo- 
sition than much of the later work. Since this is from 1994, the Net is 
very different, mostly what I call 'darknet,' referncing lower ascii and 
terminal windows as standard, instead of the current multi-mediacy. Almost 
from the beginning, I wrote through avatars, other characters, who really 
weren't other at all (see my file-in-progress, 

http://www.alansondheim.org/pn.txt - for an account of the research I'm 
doing in this direction).

This is about it at the moment; as you can see, there are gaps, errors 
(which I'm interested in), disturbances, in the account. On another, an 
other, hand, we can proceed from here, I'm sure.

And thanks for this opportunity -

Alan, 01/19/08



lovely luser

http://www.alansondheim.org/banes.mov
 : total leaking drwx--s--x sondheim drwx--s--x users total users users 
drwx--s--x : users users ^ users : drwxr-xr-x Sep drwxr-xr-x drwxr-xr-x : 
Aug drwxr-xr-x ^ : drwxr-xr-x root : drwxr-xr-x : ^^ root drwx--S--- : : 
^itchX : drwx--S--- -rw------- ^^ -rw------- -rw------- drwx--S--- 
^addressbook -rw------- -rw------- ^addressbook^lu -rw------- ^addressbook 
-rwxrwxrwx : -rwxrwxrwx -rwxrwxrwx ^addressbook ^auto -rwxrwxrwx 
^addressbook^lu -rw----r-- -rwxrwxrwx Jan -rw----r-- -rwxrwxrwx -rw----r-- 
May Jan ^bashrc -rw----r-- -rw----r-- ^delgroups -rw----r-- ^bashrc Jun 
May Jun Jun ^bashrc drwx------ Jun Jun ^elm Jun drwx------ -rw-r--r-- 
^editor -rw-r--r-- -rw-r--r-- drwx------ ^emacs -rw-r--r-- ^elm ^emacs^d 
-rw-r--r-- Jul Feb -rw-r--r-- ^emacs^d Feb Jul ^exrc Feb ^emacs^d 
lrwxrwxrwx Feb ^exrc Nov Feb Nov Nov ^exrc -> Nov lrwxrwxrwx 
/usr/local/etc/dot^cess Nov ^forward ^forward-converted ^forward 
^forward-converted ^forward-converted -> ^hlevel ^forward-converted 
/usr/local/etc/dot^cess -rw-rw-r-- ^forward-converted ^hlevel ^ircrc 
^forward-converted -rw-rw-r-- ^ircrc ^hlevel : ^ircrc -rw-rw-r-- 
^ispell_abject ^ircrc : -rwx--x--x ^ircrc -rwx--x--x -rwx--x--x : ^learnrc 
-rwx--x--x ^ispell_abject : -rwx--x--x ^juluold ^lesshst ^juluold : 
^lesshst ^learnrc : ^lesshst : ^lynxrc ^lesshst : ^machinescarred ^lesshst 
^lynxrc ^machinescarred : ^bruiseddir ^machinescarred ^lynxrc 
/net/bruised/spool/panix//b/sondheim@panix^com ^machinescarred ^bruiseddir 
^bruiseder ^machinescarred ^bruiseder Oct ^bruiseddir ^bruisedme Oct 
/net/bruised/spool/panix//b/sondheim@panix^com drwx--x--x ^bruiseder Oct 
^bruisedspool Oct drwx--x--x ^bruisedspool ^bruisedme -rwx------ 
^bruisedspool drwx--x--x : ^bruisedspool -rwx------ ^scarred ^bruisedspool 
: ^scarred -rwx------ ^scarred^old ^scarred : ^motd-social_time ^scarred 
^scarred^old ^motd_time ^scarred ^motd_time ^msgsrc ^scarred^old ^muttrc 
^msgsrc ^motd-social_time Apr ^msgsrc ^msgsrc ^ncftp ^msgsrc Apr ^ncftp 
^muttrc Dec ^ncftp Apr ^newhurtingrc ^ncftp Dec ^newhurtingrc ^ncftp 
^newhurtingrc ^newhurtingrc Dec ^hurtingrc ^newhurtingrc ^newhurtingrc 
^hurtingrc^bak ^newhurtingrc ^newhurtingrc ^hurtingrc^eep ^newhurtingrc 
^hurtingrc^eep ^hurtingrc^old ^hurtingrc ^hurtingreader ^hurtingrc^old 
^hurtingrc^bak Mar ^hurtingrc^old ^hurtingrc^old ^nn ^hurtingrc^old Mar 
^nn ^hurtingreader ^oldhurtingrc ^nn Mar ^phoenix^away ^nn ^oldhurtingrc : 
^nn ^phoenix^away : ^oldhurtingrc ^dirty-crash : ^one ^dirty-debug : : : : 
^dirty-debug ^dirty-debug ^dirty-crash ^dirty-debug ^dirty-debug 
^dirty-debug ^dirty-debug ^dirty-debug ^dirty-debug : ^dirty-debug 
^dirty-debug ^dirty-debug : ^dirty-debug ^dirty-debug ^dirty-debug 
^dirtyrc : ^dirty-debug ^dirtyrc~ ^dirty-debug ^dirtyrc ^dirtyrc~ 
^dirty-debug ^plan ^dirtyrc~ : ^printmenu ^dirtyrc~ ^dirtyrc~ ^procbruised 
^dirtyrc~ ^printmenu ^procbruisedrc ^plan ^procbruisedrc ^procbruisedrc 
^printmenu ^profile ^procbruisedrc ^procbruisedrc ^profile^save 
^procbruisedrc ^profile ^project : ^project ^project ^profile ^pshenv 
^project ^profile^save ^pshrc ^project ^pshenv ^pshrc ^project ^pshrc^old 
^pshrc ^pscreen -rw-rw-rw- ^pshrc ^pshrc ^rhosts ^pshrc -rw-rw-rw- ^rmm 
^pshrc^old ^rmm ^rmm -rw-rw-rw- ^filthysoft ^rmm ^rmm ^s ^rmm ^filthysoft 
^sig ^filthylast ^sig ^sig ^filthysoft ^ssh ^sig ^s ^termtype ^sig ^spam 
^termtype ^sig ^tfrc ^termtype ^spam ^tin ^termtype ^termtype : ^termtype 
^tin ^trace ^tfrc ^trace ^trace ^tin ^two ^trace ^trace ^xtod ^trace ^two 
^ytalkrc ^trn ^ytalkrc ^ytalkrc ^two Mail ^ytalkrc ^xtod News ^ytalkrc 
GoogleSearch^wsdl News ^ytalkrc News : GoogleSearch^wsdl a News News : 
News a ad : ad ad a lulu ad ad : ad lulu class : class class lulu : class 
: travis class julu travis class travis : julu leo : travis : : leo lisp : 
lisp lisp leo bruised lisp lisp : lisp bruised mod lynx_bookmarks^html mod 
mod bruised : mod : : mod : notes mod : notes : bandage^txt notes : : 
notes bandage^txt sger_prop_short^pdf notes sger_prop_short^pdf 
sger_prop_short^pdf bandage^txt leaking^txt sger_prop_short^pdf : : 
sger_prop_short^pdf : leaking : leaking leaking leaking^txt leaking :  
leaking leaking
http://www.alansondheim.org/banes.mov




I met my Baby, out behind the Gaz-Works


You don't often think of your body unless you're thinking of your body. 
It's there and even when you think of it, you're incarnated, presenced. 
You're presenced all the time. Sign off Second Life and you're gone. 
That's the ground state, disappearance. In SL your bodies intended, 
there's nothing given but the slate. Whatever is added parallels cinema 
and the mise en scene - nothing is left to chance unless chance is 
determined, built-in. But it's the projections that fundamentally 
characterize it - introjections from SL body to organism, projections from 
organism to SL body. Think of this as jectivity, an uncanny relationship 
which escapes determination, which flirts with abjection. The SL body is a 
body that is witnessed, except for the somewhat clumsy 'mouselook' which 
places you within it; the mouselook eerily bends the landscape while the 
framework monitor remains static. There's always background going on in or 
within/without SL; jectivity operates through a normalization that behaves 
as dream-screen - for jectivity to occur, the SL/organism interface must 
appear coherent, cohering - an inhabitation or dwelling beyond building. 
Gaz breaks through this in a way that would be illicit in the world of 
organism, of course; pulled or distended limbs in the latter would be a 
form of torture or death. One might still speak of self-image and perhaps 
drugs which alter it, even the appearance of the physical scaffolding of 
the organic body, but Gaz does this with what one postulates, again as a 
kind of background radiation, as a normal state which is a state of 
absence.

All of this is too neat and I'd argue further a few things - first, that 
body and mind are always already both 'real' and 'virtual,' the computer 
monitor appearing within this almost as afterthought - and second, that 
culture, which is interlaced with intentionality, occurs all the way down 
and across - not only from amoeba to, say, bird (with destructive humans 
halfway across this continuum), but also from carbon- to silicon- based 
lifeform which would include both amoeba and computer, if not the internal 
combustion engine. I speak of spew and emissions - of signifiers which 
ride across and above the surfaces of what's really going on - the true 
world - and it's these signifiers that are subtextual operatives within 
Second Life and art- or culture- working in Second Life, which is coding, 
coded, recoding, writing, rewriting, and wryting itself constantly - 
wryting being the implicit inhering relationship of inscriptive to the 
body, bodily inscription and inscriptive body coalescing and coalesced 
from the very beginning.

Think of edges of worlds and bodies; Second Life adds two new constants: 
height (evidenced in flying) and gameworld boundaries, for example at the 
bottom of the ocean where everything is transformed, and moving forward 
out of the gamespace results in asymptotic returns to the interior. Camera 
movement can distance you from the avatar; one can move within, beneath, 
above, within her. There are at least two positions of inherent interest. 
In the first, the camera leaves the avatar altogether, in order to peer 
beneath the gamespace or elsewhere across forbidden zones, and in the 
second, the camera appears within the avatar body - a view that brings the 
sheaves/prims to the foreground, not goreground, as the avatar dissolves 
into empty space. Gaz' reach extends, appears to extend, of course it 
doesn't and can't, outside the gamespace altogether (a point in an expand- 
ing universe is still within an expanding universe) - this is an inversion 
of a caveworld, transformed into private plateau. Again the physics are 
odd, exposing the Second Life universe as non-isotropic whatsoever - as a 
construct within which worlding occurs and within/without which the true 
world operates as it does, ontologically and epistemologically, everywhere 
we are, can think of, within and without jectivity.

Now there are issues of entrapment, reminiscent of current RIAA stuff; Gaz 
insists that one's body in Second Life is not one's own, and that jectiv- 
ity in the same is only artifact, in fact mitigated by Linden Labs, at 
best. S/he's a gadfly or parasitic (in Serres' sense of cultural producer) 
about the game (as one is a man or woman 'about the town'). So one's 
behavior in the vicinity of a Gazwork, gasworks (think of Bhopal) is not 
one's own, either; the distortions and entrapments, the weighings-down, 
are not of one's making, but of one's wandering into a work such that the 
wandering becomes the catalyst or primordial state of the work.

Not always, but almost always, avatars are smaller than one's physical 
body, or appear so. And one's viewpoint is not always, but almost always, 
above and behind the avatar, slightly raised - as if one's watching a 
soccer game, which for a spectator can be senseless from a ground-based 
camera. I think this kind of miniaturization tends towards a maternal 
reading of the world, a reading within which the image on the screen forms 
a safe matrix; after all, the computer goes on and off, games and software 
are replaced or updated, and both the world and you go on. So here's this 
safe world, and jectivity or what one might call the 'jectivity-braid' - 
the braid of psychoanalytic renderings, readings and writings, introjec- 
tions and projections, dreamings and hallucinatings, all before or within 
and without the screen - this braid is taken for granted; it's the safe- 
house of the world, transforming the world and the true world into a 
habitus. As a result of peering and miniaturization among other things. 
And the ability to chat and keep or erase chat. And the ability to fly or 
teletransport, playing into Freud's condensation/displacement in the 
dreamwork. Second Life is a _pun_ in this regard - one place quickly sub- 
stituted for another, and such substitutions revolutionary or disrupting 
as one landscape disappears, another appears - perhaps throwing everything 
off but just for a (very safe) moment. It's the safety in punning that 
makes them revolutionary, and the same safety occurs in relation and 
through the braid. So again, when Gaz takes a meta-position in relation to 
this relation, when Gaz appears apparently half-in and half-out of the 
gamespace, the disruptive becomes difficult to absorb, becomes something 
that doesn't happen in the real (except perhaps with sado-masochism and 
the use of safewords which break out of one theater into another). It's a 
contradiction which can't be absorbed. And to return to one's "own" avatar 
body after Gaz' distortion, one logs out of Second Life - in other words 
out of the fundamental world, what is _being_ the fundamental world - into 
another world with its real dangers, etc. - the world of the inert or 
'idiotic' real (Rosset).

So that the space-time slice within which your body is distorted must be 
abandoned. So that one returns and in this return, like the prodigal 
daughter or sun, the body is made w/hole again, just like in the MOOs and 
MUDs and various adventure games which are the history of all these spaces 
and WOW and whatnot. (I want to mention briefly my own work here, which is 
concerned with inconceivable positionings of one's own avatar, position- 
ings within which behaviors pile on behaviors, creating 'behavior colli- 
sions' that create, for the viewer (distinct from the performer), a 
disturbing and/or dis/eased representation of the body, an abject body 
that indicates something else other the normative is occurring, something 
that can't be absorbed. With Gaz, this occurs first-person - the change is 
to _me_ and my image/imaginary; with my work, it's third-person and in a 
sense stains or transforms the mise en scene into something abject and 
unexpected.)

To conclude on a mundane note - There are two things that distinguish Gaz' 
works as well as Second Life, and are critical for contemporary theory, to 
the extent that contemporary theory is critical. First, the latter: When- 
ever people talk about an experience in Second Life, they talk as if 
they're _in the world_: "I just wandered around and didn't see much." "I 
talked to some people and a bird flew overhead and grabbed me." "I was 
teleported to the Odyssey Gallery and saw an amazing work there, well, not 
actually _saw,_ but experienced." "I kept looking for someone but all I 
found were empty spaces." And so forth. So the _experience_ of SL melds 
with experience otherwise (or the same), and this doesn't happen with 
other online experiences, except of course games and other social spaces. 
We adapt quickly to the screen, we're braided to the screen, and this 
permits the creation of artworks and environments that simply have no 
parallel elsewhere: "I entered this house and it flew away." "I turned 
myself from a forty-year-old man into a sexy twenty-year-old." "I couldn't 
get lose from the bird until I logged out and in again." "I was buried in 
paintings." "Records played by themselves." "I flew." We say these things 
as if they're everyday, as if they were always possible. "Question-marks 
were falling everywhere." Sometimes the servers are hacked or slowed up, 
but even this can be absorbed until everything grinds to a halt, and then 
one just logs out, waits, logs in again. This logging-out/logging-in has 
become an integral part of SL, in fact, just as online/offline otherwise 
is integral to being in a post-industrial world. (I do want to point out 
that this isn't, naturally, the only world - the world outside the matrix 
or braid is characterized by intense poverty, local wars, starvations, and 
so forth, and SL is powerless in relation to these; one might argue in 
fact that SL is too much of a safe haven, that it detracts from real 
praxis and real difference in the true world. And there's truth to this.)

The second, related, thing in conclusion, is Gaz' works themselves; as I 
pointed out above, the behaviors they trigger couldn't occur outside 
gamespace without bodily destruction - and some of the behaviors couldn't 
occur at all. So these behaviors, these works, are absolutely unique in 
this respect; they depend on both a reading of the SL environment as 
'natural,' and a scripting within and of that environment to produce the 
'unnatural' which is still read as natural. These works, on this level, 
question the authority of the real, of the idiotic real; they're a kind of 
critique that couldn't exist anywhere else. The viewer/participant isn't 
prepared for them. (UPS trucks falling on one!) So one engages both crit- 
ically and psychologically/psychoanalytically - the works create both 
contemplation and affect, in ways we're not used to. And that, at least 
for me, is one of the highest goals of art - to create that sense of 
dis/comfort that gives us a place to question everything, and to return 
from that questioning hopefully wiser. On a personal note, I can't say 
I've found anything as intriguing as Gaz' works, anywhere, and for a long 
time, and I'm still fathoming out the implications, still feeling the 
limbs extended almost to the breaking-point. Gaz is a pioneer in the body 
and space of the Other - and perhaps nothing more need have been said than 
that.

