

My Reply of Poetics


I am including several pieces below, which mediate/intertwine poetry / 
poetics / prose. The FIRST PIECE (arhat) and the SECOND PIECE (, Nikuko) 
are quite long and hvae been edited down. Please note that the FIRST PIECE 
has three sections: text, annihilated text, and the substitution scheme 
from the text to the annihilated text.

Now, these works move among _structure_ and _interference,_ and the former 
is always already as if it were a given - i.e. it participates in a 
poetics, if not a poetry per se, that is in-formed by _culling._ These 
works use, for the most part, the grep or grep -v (inverse grep) command 
to isolate lines or phrases with specific content from a longer corpus, 
which might be the 'universal' data-base of the internet, or the Internet 
Text which I have been writing for the past twelve years (about fifteen 
megabytes of ASCII so far). By tracking these phrases, I track a 'psycho- 
analytics' of vocabulary/content, which then re-forms into another 
content, or a condensed, overdetermined content, much as in dream-work or 
sexuality itself.

In 'arhat,' I literally do not remember the original textual material; in 
any case, it was transformed in two fundamental ways: various programs in 
perl were used to reorganize the lines, repeat phrases, etc., according to 
mathematical functions of my choice; the result was then reordered, using 
the sort function according to fields/characters _not_ beginning with the 
first (i.e. the text is not in alphabetic order). The matrix that results 
is a Buddhist chant, formed in part out of mathesis and culling, and in 
part, out of aesthetic decision. So the originary prose, through repeti- 
tion and reorganization becomes something else entirely.

This transformation is then 'evaporated' in order to produce a redundant 
and uninterpretable code, paralleling the form and formlessness of 
enlightenment. The third section is the series of substitution commands.

The second piece, ', Nikuko', works from the references in the Internet 
Text to Nikuko and Doctor Leopold Konninger, two characters/avatars I have 
worked with on and off for years. The references were subjected to a 
series of perl programs which not only repeated, but substituted and 
eliminated out various letters or phrases. The result again is a kind of 
chant, of sexuality and power, constructed out of an originary mix of 
prose and poetry.

The third piece, 'I SLAUGHTERED HUNDREDS', is the most complex in a number 
of ways. A text was written - in the form of a prose poem of hysteric 
politics - which was then translated into Morse code using the morse 
program in /usr/bin/games/. The Morse code was then re-justified to fit a 
72-character ASCII line. This line was then 'hard-broken' using the fold 
-w command. The command began with lengths of 18 characters, down to the 
length of a single character (which in Morse could only be 'space,' or T 
or E). If the length, for example was five characters, the original lines 
would be broken into five character lines. These lines would then be de- 
coded back from Morse into standard English; because of the line breaks, 
the words - the very structure - of the lines - underwent transformation. 
The final results was a series of stanzas reflecting the broken code, as 
if there were a kind of interference - which there was - as if the inter- 
ference were a structured line-noise for example.

The fourth and shortest piece used a google program (in perl) to search 
for lines with specific words and phrases in them; these lines were then 
subjected to some shell scripts I wrote to 'normalize' then. The result is 
a meditation on space-time, in poetic form.

My work has always moved among formal systems and their dissolutions - 
among structured coherencies and noisy transmission, static, intervention. 
The computer gives me the freedom to explore this. But nothing it should 
be noted is 'random' - these aren't 'randomly-generated' texts, but shaped 
texts according to what I see as the inherent poetics of the works - 
dealing for example with metaphysics (arhat), sexuality and narrative (, 
Nikuko), politics and political decoding (I SLAUGHTERED HUNDREDS), and 
self-referential philosophical concerns (... forms and spaces). I know of 
no other way to proceed; I see my work as a dialectic among consciousness, 
mathesis, and structure - In other words, how does the subject/subject- 
ivity interpret the world in the first place, either prior to perception 
and language, or within the mathematical-physical construction of the real 
that constitutes our cosmos?

I do want to add that I find the distinction between prose and poetry 
extremely problematic. Certainly prose is related (perhaps) to the 
declarative sentence, while poetry seems somewhat self-referential (what I 
used to call the 'weight of poetic language'). I tend to think instead of 
the interrelationships between body and language, which were brought out 
for example in feminin ecriture. Poetry 'seems' ikonic, a kind of 
embodiment - and so are the virtual contents of a great deal of my writing 
- whereas prose 'seems' indexical, a pointing-towards. Both participate in 
the symbolic. There are also poetic tropes such as repetition, rhyme, 
rhythm, etc., that tend towards the chant, towards the deliteralization of 
language. After a while it probably makes no difference what mantra one 
chants, as long as one chants. (There's something about intentional 
language here which Agehananda Bharati discusses in The Tantric Tradi- 
tion.)

With the computer, with the kind of codework I do (and which I've 
pioneered in to some extent), these distinctions break down. Repetition 
might mean nothing more than an out-of-control program loop or a 'black 
hole' in routing. Or it may mean just the opposite - the seizure of the 
body in sexual orgasm (as when, in net, sex, one holds down the keys to 
indicate ejaculation, etc.). 

What I'm getting at - I think, I'm not sure - is the need to abandon the
distinction between prose and poetry, particularly in relation to 
technology and online work. Instead, one might think through a poetics of 
language - that is, a phenomenology of meaning in relationship to tropes, 
the utterance, sememe, stylistics, etc. We can look at syntactic fields, 
matrices of punctuation and capitalization, deconstruction of rhythm. We 
can study codes of all sorts and computer languages, noting, again, the 
tropes at work. We can see programs as performative, just as a chant might 
be. We can study program outputs as virtually-embodied tropes, and the 
programs themselves as organic structures (trees, holarchies, etc.). We 
need, in other words, to rethink the entire notion of 'genre,' opening 
ourselves to possibilities that were inconceivable, say, a couple of 
decades ago - and new possibilities that aren't yet on the horizon.


FIRST PIECE: arhat:


arhat


o death life existent you death you death to life death meritorius to + +- 
the life to life to you life you life escaped life to life to you life 
with life a you lotus death death a with you to with you a you nothing to 
jewel death to lotus to lotus lotus jewel you lotus to you a life life 
nothing you nothing meritorius lotus to escaped you escaped existent you 
buddhas life emptiness you emptiness to life you a death death to life 
buddhas you to existent recollection to you lotus life to you existent 
collocation meritorius life to emptiness escaped life to to lotus +-. to 
collocation to life with life you a death you you emptiness existent you 
considerations annihilations to you you a escaped you life to life 
indistinguishes life lotus jewel evil touch taste kwak less death you 
annihilations you life jewel bodhisattva you existent to to existent to 
annihilations a life form. + you life emptiness life to death you 
recollection emptiness existent you you to life to +---)^ the meritorius 
recollection lotus to you existent life escaped life death buddhas to 
recollection life escaped to a life escaped you escaped recollection a ^ 
recollection life you life life you lotus to you emptiness emptiness a 
recollection to escaped non-enlightenment jewel bodhisattva lotus 
bodhisattva meritorius nothing +--)^ to lotus life life to meritorius to 
bodhisattva you existent +- bodhisattva life life life life you +escape)^ 
bodhisattva to emptiness a death to escaped to life +escape-----^ life to 
meritorius tathagathas to death you you meritorius you you life to 
meritorius emptiness lotus +--)^ death a life life to escaped to to you 
meritorius escaped life life death meritorius death jewel life to life you 
meritorius lotus you strivings to you meritorius you escaped meritorius 
meritorius death to to existent lotus life jewel you lotus lotus you 
meritorius life life you bodhisattva a life you death to emptiness you 
meritorius you to life existent a life life existent to emptiness existent 
meritorius to death life death a death a meritorius life a emptiness life 
emptiness you a the to to you escaped to existent you lotus you to life 
existent emptiness the you to you bodhisattva existent you you to to you 
existent life you life life to a life death life you you escaped existent 
escaped to existent to the life to death lotus +---....---^ existent life 
escaped a to you escaped you to a life lotus to life existent you to to 
lotus meritorius life escaped you death death life lotus lotus to 
lotus life life life to death you escaped escaped escaped to lotus to 
lotus you life with emptiness escaped to emptiness lotus to to you you 
evil before nirvanas dies accumulate a with death death a to a 
evil before kwak less evil before kwak more hears death bodhisattva you 
evil before aum more ---nirvanas ---^ you the emptiness life escaped life 
evil aum bardo more satoris ---^ lotus life to lotus the death you death 

+ +---^ +--^ +------^ +-^ +---^ +-^ +---^ +^ +--^ +---^ +--------^ +^ + +- 
+-- +--^ +^ +--^ +^ +-^ +--^ +-^ +--^ +-----^ +--^ +^ +--^ +^ +-^ +--^ 
+--- +--^ ^ +-^ +----^ +---^ +---^ ^ +--- +-^ +^ +--- +-^ ^ +-^ +------ +^ 
+---- +---^ +^ +----^ +^ +----^ +----^ +---- +-^ +----^ +^ +-^ ^ +--^ +--^ 
+------ +-^ +------ +--------^ +----^ +^ +-----^ +-^ +-----^ +------^ +-^ 
+------- +--^ +-------^ +-^ +-------^ +^ +--^ +-^ ^ +---^ +---^ +^ +--^ 
+------- +-^ +^ +------^ +----------^ +^ +-^ +----^ +--^ +^ +-^ +------^ 
+---------- +--------^ +--^ +^ +-------^ +-----^ +--^ +^ +^ +----^ +-. +^ 
+---------- +^ +--^ +--- +--^ +-^ ^ +---^ +-^ +-^ +-------^ +------^ +-^ 
+