=


dispersion]-avatar

dispersion] act or process scattering dispersing thestate being scattered 
separated as jews intheir dispersion retained rites and ceremonies agreat 
human family took place at building babel[ webster]days your slaughter 
dispersionsare accomplished --jer xxv opt separation light into its 
different coloredrays arising from refrangibilities{dispersion optic axes} 
crystallog axes biaxial crystals due to factthat axial angle has values 
for colors spectrumwordnet r [wn]: n : spreading widely driving off [syn: 
{scattering}]: spatial property about over an areavolume {distribution}] 
[ant: {concentration}]: diffusing something thetroops diffusion 
knowledge{dispersal} {dissemination} {diffusion}]moby thesaurus ii by 
grady ward [moby-thes]:  words dispersion:addition adjunct administration 
aggrandizementaloofnessampliation amplification anarchy augmentation 
blackoutblocking breakup broadening chaos confusion crescendodeactivation 
deflection deflexure dematerializationdemobilization departure deployment 
detachment diasporadiffraction disappearance disappearing 
disbandmentdisbursal disbursement discontinuity discretenessdisintegration 
disjunction dislocation dismissal disorderdisorganization dispensation 
dispersal disposal dispositiondissipation dissolution dissolving 
distortion distributiondole doling out eclipse elimination 
emanationenlargement entropy erasure evanescence evaporation 
expansionextension extinction fadeaway fadeout fading fanning flare 
flection flexure giving going hiking incoherenceinconsistency increase 
issuance magnification meltingnonadhesion noncohesion occultation parting 
passingpassing around paying radiance radiation radius raisingray 
refraction release scatter separatenessseparation skewness splay split-up 
spoke spread spreadingtorsion unadherence unadhesiveness untenacity 
uppingvanishing vanishing point widening wipeeaston's bible [easton]: gr 
james pet jewsat various times operation divers causes were foreign 
countries outmost parts heaven deut many dispersed assyria media babylonia 
persia descendants those who had been transported thither exile ten tribes 
after existing separate kingdomtwo hundred fifty-five years carried 
captive bc shalmaneser sargon king they neverreturned own land distinct 
people although manyindividuals among these there can be no doubtjoined 
with bands babylon on proclamation cyrus migrated egypt up abodethere this 
migration began solomon kings:  isa alexander great placed large 
numberalexandria which he founded conferred them equal rights egyptians 
ptolemy philadelphus itis said caused jewish scriptures translated greek 
the work use alexandriancontinued ages exercise powerful influence public 
interests country along coast africa cyrene acts: ethiopia time seleucus 
nicator one captains numbers syria where enjoyed macedonians way asia 
minorantiochus removed families mesopotamia plantedphrygia lydia minor 
moved greece macedonia chiefly purposes commerce in apostles'considerable 
all principal citiespompey palestine went rome quarter city assigned here 
freedomthus everywhere abroad overruling providence god ultimately 
contributed degree toward opening gospel landsdispersion plain shinar was 
occasioned tongues babel gen every his tongue nations tenth chapter 
genesis gives us account earth migrations common residence flood general 
may japheth north shem central regions ham extreme south following table 
shows how dispersed:| - gomercimmerians armeniansmagogcaucasians 
scythiansmadalmedes persian tribesjavanelishahgreekstarshishetruscans 
romanschittimcyprians macedoniansdodanimrhodianstubaltibareni 
tartarsmechechmoschi muscovitestirasthracianselamasshurassyrianarphax- 
adabrahamisaacjacobhebrewsesauedomitesishmaelmingled arab 
ludlydiansaramsyrianscushethiopansmizrainegyptiansphutlybians 
mauritanianscanaancanaanites phoenicianscollection col*lection [l 
collectio: cf collection]collecting gathering collection specimensthat 
collected as:a a assemblage objects persons aletters --macaulayb money 
charitable other purposescontribution box freewillofferings saints -- 
corxvi c usually pl obtained payment demandsd accumulation any substance 
collections moisture --whewell purulent collection--dunglison inferring 
concluding premises observed facts also inferred [obs]we safely say thus 
wrong havehitherto made moderndivines --milton jurisdiction collector 
excise [eng]syn: assembly group crowdcongregation mass heap 
compilationseveral things grouped together considered whole{aggregation} 
{accumulation} {assemblage}]publication containing variety works 
{compendium}]request sum appeal raise starving children {solicitation} 
{appeal} {ingathering}]: {collecting}{assembling} {aggregation}] 
collection:festschrift abundance agglomeration aggregationalbum alms fee 
amassment ana analects anthologyaquarium assembling assortmentback number 
backlog band beauties body boilingbringing budget bunch burnt offering 
call-up canoncanvass census charity chrestomathy clippings clump 
clustercollectanea collecting colligation collocationcolluvies combination 
commissariat commissary companycomparison compilation complete concourse 
concurrenceconfluence conflux congeries conglomeration 
congregationcontribution convergence copy cornucopia corpus corrallingcrew 
crowd cumulation cuttings data data-gathering delectusdonation donative 
drink dump editionex voto excerpta excerpts extracts florilegiumflowers 
fragments fund garden garland garnering gatheringgleaning gleanings 
handout heave hecatomb hoard holdings holocaust sacrifice 
immolationimpression incense infanticide ingathering inventory 
issuejunction juxtaposition kit larder libation librarylibrary lot 
mactation material materialsmateriel medley menagerie miscellanea 
miscellany mobilizationmunitions museum muster oblation offertoryomnibus 
omnium gatherum outfit party peace photograph piacular pile pittance 
plenitudeplenty printing provisionment provisions quotation bookrations 
raw repertoire repertory rick rodeo roundupruck sacramental scapegoat 
school scrapbook self-immolation self-sacrifice series setsolicitation 
stack stock stock-in-trade stockpile storestores subscription supplies 
supply hand survey sutteesutteeism symposium thank tithe trade treasure 
treasury trove volumevotive zoochristians suffered poverty paul awakened 
interest gentilechurches pecuniary behalf rom :- gal :definition 
collectivity col`lec*tivi*ty quality collective[webster suppl]collective 
aggregate anythingspecif stateproposition give supposed contravention 
sacredprinciple monopolistic competition --w dhowellspolit econ 
collectivismgroup v t [imp & p {grouped} pr vb {grouping}] [cf grouper see 
{group} n]to form of arrange combine groups often reference mutual 
relation besteffect ofdifficulty lies drawing disposing painters term it 
grouping such multitude --prior{grouped columns} arch three more columns 
uponsame pedestalgrouping gr[=oo]p[i^]ng fine artsdisposal relative 
arrangement figures objectsin painting sculpture ornamentaldesignentities 
members unit {group}]activity putting groupssystem classifying 
{pigeonholing}] grouping:bund rochdale cooperative age alliance 
analysisappraisal assessment associationatmosphere axis balance batch 
battalionbevy bloc blood bracket branch brigade brushworkcabal cast caste 
cataloging categorization categoryclan class classification clique 
coalitioncodification cohort college color combinemarket complement 
composition confederacyconfederation consumer contingent society copse 
corps coterie council coveycredit union crop culling customs designdetail 
division draftsmanship economic communityestate evaluation faction 
factoring federation filing fleetfree area gang gauging gradation grade 
grading groupment grove hassock head heading identification 
in-groupindexing junta kin knot label league level line machine mess mob 
movement order out-group packpainterliness partnership peer 
perspectivephalanx pigeonhole pigeonholing placement platoonpolitical 
position posse predicament race rangingrank ranking rating regiment ring 
rubric salon screeningsection selection sept shading shadow shock 
siftingsifting slew sorting squad stablestation status stook strain 
stratification stratum stringsubdivision subgroup suborder subordination 
tabulationtaxonomy team technique thicket tier title tone treatmenttriage 
tribe troop troupe tuft tussock typology weighing wing winnowing 
wispfragment fragment fragmentum fr frangere break:fragment {break} t]part 
broken small detached portion imperfectpart ancient writinggather remain 
--john vi piece cut else rockbrittle artifact {shard} {sherd}]incomplete 
playv break cause pieces plate fragmented{break up} {fragmentize} 
{fragmentise}] fragment:abrade ace atom atomize beat bitbray 
brecciateburst butt chip chunk cleave clip clipping collop come apart 
comminutecontriturate crash crumb crumble crunch crush cutcutting dab 
debris demolish diffusedisassemble disintegrate dismantle disperse disrupt 
dollop dot dram dribble driblet dwarf end explode farthing fission fleck 
flour flyspeck go gobgobbet grain granulate granule granulize grate 
grindgrind powder groat hair handful hunk iota jot levigatelittle little 
lota lump make mincemeat mash millmince minim minimum minutiae mitemodicum 
moiety molecule morsel mote nutshell ounce paringpart particle pash pebble 
pestle pick pinchportion pound pull pulverize rasher reduce rubble remnant 
rend rive scoop scrapscrunch scruple shard shatter shaving shiver shred 
slicesliver smash smatter smidgen smitch smithereensmithereens snack 
snatch snip snippet speck splinter splitsplit spoonful spot squash squish 
stitch stump sundertake tatter tear shredstatters thimbleful tiny tittle 
totaltrifling amount triturate trivia unbuild undo unmake whitwrack 
wreckfree on-line computing sep [foldoc]: {fragmentaton} gather 
g[a^][th][~e]r {gathered} {gathering}] [oe gaderen asgaderian gadrian 
gador geador g[ae]dfellowship akin e good collect g gattehusband mhg gate 
companion goth gadiliggs sister's son [root] {good} {together}]bring 
assemble congregateand belgium's capital gathered her beauty chivalry 
--byronwhen chief priests scribes --matt what lessvalue harvest cull 
pluckrose just stalk --drydendo men grapes thorns figs thistles?viiheathen 
--ps cvi accumulate saving littleamass gain uphe usury unjust increaseth 
shall him will pitypoor --provxxviii pay creditor must degrees 
--lockeclosely particles contract compress folds plaits garment draw cloth 
thread pucker plait rufflegathering flowing robe seemed standspeak 
graceful stretched hand--pope derive deduce inference conclusion 
circumstances suggest argumentsprove infer concludelet me more!sequel 
before --shak win gathers ground chase nearer masonrywidth fireplace 
rapidly diminishedflue likenaut haul slack rope{to one's people} fathers} 
die --gen breath} recover normal breathing breath get rest --spenserself 
together} dispose powers effort beast crouches preparatoryleapway} naut 
begin move increasing speedgather*ing brought collectiontumor boil 
suppurated maturated abscessaassembling used concentrating{gathering 
board} bookbinding board signatures assembled book--knightcoal} lighted 
coal left smothered embersnight kindling wood morninghoop} hoop coopers 
ends barrel staves allow hoops slippedpeat}peat preserve firescotland 
fiery sent round borderers alarm signal cross highlandersadj accumulating 
becoming intense deepeninggloom felt love darkness thickening dusk 
{deepeninga}{gatheringa} {thickeninga}]persons social demanded right 
{assembly} {dismantling}]{gather}]sewing consisting puckers pullingtight 
stitching gathering:smyth sewing abscess acervation affairagglomerate 
agglutination aposteme apotheosis article articulation ascensionassemblee 
assignationassumption home matter backing ball bed sorebibliopegy binder 
binding blain bleb blister boilbond book cover jacket bookbindingbookcase 
bracketing brawl bubo bulla bunion canker carbuncle casecasemaking 
casing-in caucus chancre chancroid chapterchilblain clause clustering cold 
collatingcollating mark colloquiumcommission committee communication 
concatenation conclave conglobation conglomeratecongress conjugation 
conjunctionconnection conventicle convention convocationcopulation 
coupling cropping dance date diet dust eisteddfod eschar fasciclefelon 
fester festering festivity fete fever fistulaflock folding folio footband 
forgathering forum front furuncle furunculus get-together 
glomerationgluing-off gumboil hard harvestingheadband hemorrhoids hookup 
horde housewarming intercommunication intercourse interlinkingjoinder 
joining jointure kibe knotting lesion levee liaisonlining lining-up 
linkage linking marriage matinee mechanical meet meeting mergermerging 
niggerhead nutting pagepairing panel papula papule paragraph paronychia 
parulis passage perfect petechia phrase piles pimpleplastic plenum pock 
polyp press prom pustule quorumrally reaping reception rendezvous 
resurrection reunionrising rounding rout saddle stitchingscab seance 
sentence session sheetshindig side signature sit-in sitting 
slipcaseslipcover smashing snowball sociable soft soiree spiral splice 
stamping stapling stigma stysuppuration swarm swelling symbiosis 
synodtailband text ascension assumption tie tie-in tie-uptipping 
translation trimming tubercle turnout ulcerulceration unification verse 
wad wake wale weltwheal whelk whitlow wire wound wrapper yoking





doubles and dirges for spaces' times' splinters


(apologies for the number of files here; a particular hinge was crossed,
 the other side absent, broken: what is the fragment, what is the w/hole
 within which meaning is generated, chora, julu generates nikuko generates
 julu)

