

some duologue from 07/16/08 SL performance, Baldwin/Sondheim /mod


WRITING MACHINE: http://www.alansondheim.org/writingmachine.mp4

A module describes an orbit; particles are emitted at regular intervals. 
The direction of the particle stream is determined by local 'weather' or 
'wind' in second life. The stream is jerked by the orbit, and this results 
in the repeated generation of similar graphemes or artifacts in the air, 
which travel along with the stream, slowly disappearing at the farther 
end. Perhaps this is one source for the sign: something is configured and 
emitted at regular intervals, the locals stand around and watch.


[19:06] Political Magic is Online Maxxo Klaar sandy Taifun Man Michinaga 
Taifun: This what I mean. Alan wish to thank everyone who has participated 
in this play. Gesture New missing from database. /clap Connecting in-world 
Voice Chat... Connected I'll kill you. We want you as well, Alan, for the 
opportunity. Hey! You! Avatar! am He makes me speak Nicely but can't write 
Interesting. Thank Alan. see or hear. sleep; navar sleep.  fuck anyone to. 
avatar sunk beneath mud

[19:07] /whistle all of gimme love A woman's face appears superimposed on 
a train. zzzz Where everyone? Doodah song accompanying half-naked Nikuko 
and fully naked Doctor. dances strangely by herself right-hand side. i 
prefer small, seeping, peripeheral, marginal, scattered words sites, 
domains, emanations, emissions, which are interwoven sharing coagulated 
ego/s, matrices, languages, bodies. would break down here, language that 
use against me? so will absjure, abjure these ... moments ? words, drops 
say drizzle everything moment you, mmmm... matrix, mother, maternal, 
carrying forth announces itself edge frame dialog, carried forth...  
times smooth us, bits bytes, protocls lost smoothing functions traced 
across peripheries, margins zzzzz Zhaoxin Magic: very confuse Piece 
381,924 piece 381,924, addressing me. Jennifer Julu

[19:08] Hello Julu, come Julu. vectored human define an organism 
infinitely repairable not crap cyber-shamanisms, we extend body into blank 
spaces behind head, below where posts baby You Julu-Julu; have in. 
introduce THE PRESIDENT. within without semi-geodesic space paralleling 
i'm becoming avatar-man with dream-woman. can imagine theater well this, 
taking piss cloth, blood shit matching contradicting Maybe one thing. 
blank;  those us entrails debris space, torn fragments time: fucked 1932 
Jennifer. It thing, 381,924. flesh, my tongue coated course through veins, 
our marrows intertwined You: cunt, i'll legs, swallow it bodies, breasts 
be large penetrated your scarred me, their incisions breasts, throat, 
thighs, cock incised, labia... must cut thin... yes.. lie anothers 
bodies... smear ourselves... drip only food... belong always you... 
