 yes body, remains, excretions, tears, be- 
yes, hands arms ass, mouth... dripping swallowing eating another... yes... 
i'd drink piss, back mouth, again, purify our- selves... cycle hair... 
eyes well... crazy

[19:10] eg ..and place screedn hrough fluids ..that rf another layer 
..another pushing fingers toes inside mine ..tipping ourselves ..sliding r 
skins ..like two snakles ..curling eat filled washing off..never using 
anything o coat ..always ..u wash ..i . pirouettes three cameras sfx text 
zzzzzz Nude sitting nude Konninger sfx.

[19:11] Fuck AVATAR! FUCK U Quickcam segments Nikuko's voice describing 
her sex. transparent skirt Dovctor. Konninger, both dressed, dance. open 
kimono mouthing AAAAH like shinto guardian. The Male Ballet Dancer moves 
neurotically space. Three still dance shots bring halt. tutu perform 
Musical Number. beg pardon horrible crimes committed! alive, ever talking 
about? knew person seduce drool erection... balls... screens... hair, 
stronger than ever, downwards towards asshole... pubic rubbed mailed 
here... dna molecules breath... cloth... blood... sleep cloth lick take 
me... never imagined think movement ..r setting mind free feeling crawling 
..it starts mind..i readin g pictures creeps kisses u.. blowing ..along 
line ..from screen scree n ..up legs took last night sleept Julu's corpse 
before Poor, poor misery!

[19:12] stop that? silly! My guilt aggravated... I've forgotten. play 
continues. Please, me! getting ridiculous! Roar roar roar. You're just 
avatar.  These announcements we're making, quite ready... Disgraced, 
thrown dust, leaving life... prrecum.unning...down legsdo ..you taste 
period, smelil ofwoould toour bod... ies ..i'd likethe armpits yor ur 
asshole breath morning, that... no they could watch we'd turn televisions 
off, holes th fucking, smells coming house unbearable ed p .;.alll floors 
walk sounds ....ith outsideawithlllout uthenderclopantsth ...... thining 
king ower ..before ..to feel fltuidhatrusonnundis wng ondedowrfun l.m.. y 
lecougsld youir wouldfirlikst..e .. thatthe ..the ewoulffd wonderful... 
effect myboyou dy any..how thido ng wiwe thth camea?? ra... tape watching 
te. tell .me doing... km sittin ..on chair w care eyes. gone mad! reading 
novels!  thanks Years weigh heavily nightmare crimes... Please quiet. No 
wants hear name commission duly entrusted -- PRESIDENT part audience. 
listens.

[19:13] JENNIFER!! circle. waiting turns responsible language.  says order 
doesn't matter. going die! players. perfectly powerful; power broken.  
you! broken scenes. elected official. term decided term. PRESIDENT! lkd l 
ikike fucke haved, areas enatrated once.. first time year had real 
pleasures pena etrati wis wonderfu wck ouldu tha..it wanreat llyyou tlo 
ike thato .me..to... thwould ings m..uchd..o.u havey pe iercingns? normal 
nothing told penetrate ..with kinds thangs.. ltootsa...wonderful h 
trinketsyou ...u cocan uldtierme up...eally st. go placew know near 
waterfall amazing ..nobody ..we mad..we tohgod pape eiss falls.... yeah 
tie tye ie tree... ures..mingle 
yes.ou.r.selves..si######################### thi# Talk abcdefg@cc? # 
sho######################### tatto shole Excellent. And do, - Tell nature 
wrecking activities. When was working seed cultivation department 
excellent, best.  criminal activities?

[19:14] Here activities consisted wrong. charge agriculture. forgive 
learning here. hello Who betrayed. utmost importance! All wonderful! 
responsible. How matters stood butter, interest see! inner mechanics 
hydraulic fluid don't sell butter rural districts. Exactly, asking sell. 
were above all. graves hateful traitors grow over! goes. amazing. They 
found out! ...Gorky loved fire, flames, made this.

[19:15] DESTROY ALL AVATARS EXTERMINAT Oh oh, awful! awful thing! empty 
There T favor company comfort.  bones. Without dull steady. its seepages. 
devour night. THEATER AND bright light sunshine!

[19:16]

[19:17] go? shout: wnat colleciton best hekki hky cne ubn hyky hardcore 
jealous pierced clit tit jealous, skin things wire, got yr head "make 
real" when anorectic burned blue bulb chain. record kept around. Hole 
around, fire clothes fell heap, wood, tattoo matched needle creased 
turned, greased tongued, get down, it, make real, feel, starved death, 
blue, she did sky stares create master mindflayer. mindflayer misses hit. 
Cityguard arrived. slash hard. devil rod. chop him pieces! Ah! blood! Your 
freezes hea ah im 2 As regards work, necessary.

[19:18] Even more that! ys why thing? Oh! Attacks every side!  Woe! 
without! Look I'm fucking myself. ...Further Trotsky developed idea 
necessity! dearest us! Trotsky! Something done now! won't anyone. stand 
murderer! oh no!!! killed Jennifer! curses Kakazov his perfidious crime!  
Look,

[19:19] saved saboteurs country!  play, Ladies Gentlemen. Cityguard's 
death cry. Tiffany quaint, magical gesture hand. created slave! > slave's 
slave rain. aren't 'fuck rain'ase please please...do iturhaned on...ve hi 
athounght makingon pure energy... yer .....that tues havee apapassion 
great penatration lik three. past thjis c omes KIM IL Hello, member 
audience happy. brought die. TIFFANY! Great Leader, done? TIFFANY you' Our 
Party fight Right 'Left'! yes? good, drag renegades! Yes, ABSOLUTEly! wont

[19:20]

[19:21] Klaar: said word again llucky listen avatar-man. dream-woman 
contaminated. building condemned.

[19:22] why? Avatars disturbances, irruptions language, lang- uage 
portending _the raveling existence essence subject other/ side tangled 
avatar-sites/sights/citations. @create $thing called begging. begging 
object number #75438.  new commer? days pleasure 4 ..in 
olblivion..noboi'mdy arounbd ambleeding monet ..so fa ce wouild 'd 
berlpaove intedto suck..and theyourer bloodst ure...body pi'aint images 
withve bmyeen pblaited beooodfo.. dao und itlike that?,oh god anything... 
everything... hot savage whe i've painted... much pain allowed ?? ures 
havetied n't ex.plsioredttithang mwuch...iht ...ih'd,lomhmghve thatd, 
tighin ying tightly up, binding clean, fluids, stuff, ass.... push themin 
deep... them suck someaone togethersoaked ....in tooswe...t soackfedlui 
stick-like _anime_ figures distributed authorships anatomies. future Net, 
if attains state _seamless virtual reality,_ melding disturbances way 
tending _psychosis,_ interweaving realities, respon- sibilities claim 
clear speaker separate creations. Voices, voices!  perfect second life 
'this develop limits program, reveal substructures/protocols work violate 
dialogs something hardly exists fringes often lure seduction among avatars 
relates Lacanian objet a, deferal.... ruptures characters resonating 
interfering configuration files appear other, erasures also visible, 
letters disappearing reverse. Object: 3a2c32f8-279a-492c-89b4-ecc038d67c97

[19:23] coagulating limpets seas jellies made, women, sounded, resonated, 
protocol, site winds you've before, repetition goal delibery interval...  
about semblance face, lineaments mouths, speaking elsewhere, sides Each 
participant occupies represents (virtual) constituted written margins, 
slippages, constitutions, constructs, emergences "depths" software 
hardware, blockages flows account, surface manifestations possible 
comprehend subjectivity transformed early 'outt' behavior construct-space 
outt-structure. avatar-video avatar-performance different content degree. 
sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, prakata, pritvardhana, 
aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita consider _projection self_ 
appearance various applications dark dreams, enough limbs, mine... matrix 
saves beginning ending, liquid pureness salvaging spaces... package: / 
knives. prims cut. talks. he says. it. construction torsion edge-space. 
world. happened avatars! little people! moved avatars... thousand voices. 
Mon poupees. DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE HUMAN? murmur 
constantly, surface, heart, gasps air, dolls run everywhere, underfoot. 
song, aire, jig rondelay!

[19:24] "My leashed, tethered logical thought, protocols thought; it's 
wonder al One cannot reach farther thinking one's reach, avatars. closer 
control release, dissipation. Enter reality world, suffused sound. Over 
Lord 1 Quon: tone war... Wings creak, sound beginning.  (Subtitle)  
Haruka: "Why blue?" That's you're wondering.  Ayato stops toward Har 
sinews muscles mecoming glands libs blotting muscular enervations loose 
wet chest become hardens heaves grapples pistons rods machine production 
bones turning ooze vapors heat clouding spongy webs cleam tongues orifices 
SWOLLEN = COMPACTED MIRE FLUID FOG SECRETION VOLUPTUARY DISSOLUTE ENTRAILS 
SLUICES FERRIC CORAL GELATINIZE metallize starched nurse uniform wanton 
liquify vaporize atmospheric electricity markers lust muddies turgid idols 
fondly animal fur feathers root dank hummus flake caress fabric silk 
leather seesaw horse hump transact mire ossify hardness collapse 
secretions belly giggling jelly swamps fetishize solidify sweating 
gleaming belts boots powdered male milk-sap LIFE EXCESS BLOOD PUMP 
conduity neuter identity hunt economy dyad wife-force co-

[19:25] phallocratic mach bullshit rights WIT NONSENSE RICOCHET HEART 
CLANDESTINE NIBBLES ocean illuminated plastic box motor, tiny heels 
depilated nose job musculature buildt gym scar hand man woman PEFORATED 
LOBES OF EARS HIS NOSTRILS ARMS TUSKS BEAKS CLAWS PLUMES SHELLS PATHS 
FEAST ritual-objects-insignia-power-substitute-spiritual- 
satellite-enchanted-love-exposure-regulative-transaction-corruption-norm 
RAVINE CUT fang graft trench flat postural diagrammatics thrust engine 
grammar paradigm eliminations jeans motorcycle acquire baody parts others 
milk urine value social universal perversion contract law coordinate field 
criminalization society transactions portions feed decay protodocument 
libertinage rules outcries screams unnatural acts after-image liquefy 
crime shortcircuit dissipate thickness passion trigger calculate discourse 
cipher OUTRAGE NORM ASSAULT SUCH EQUILIBRIUM BLAZE SCREAM solitude 
essential limit stranger shout absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK VIGOR BODY 
FRAME "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I" GO AWAY begin bots expert systems some 
symptoms OOH AHH YOU AAH YOUR YOURS Well, there's writing stale. He's 
taken bend trundles bundles future; share avatar's, there, heard

[19:26] semiotic comic witness extreme speech reduction crushed limbs 
conspiracy integral monsters torso split big brains natyasatrotpatti: 
mythical origin Just pirouettes, center them. Her flying SQUEAK forever 
now hold peace; lease any left, vaseline-coated camera lens streets orchid 
limb meter possessive handgun GIMME SAY AM DYING remaining suspended 
preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis playhouse rangadevatapujana: worship 
deities connected stage upangavidhana: gestures minor eyballs eyebrows 
cheeks lower lip chin AVATAR MACHINE coursing trapped blood, flush spirit 
vaporized, substitute bodypart another, apparatus obstinancy, prick 
keyboard lap ...flu etting wrap smel kls ..harahd ........it 
ohcgodover..e..d bloodyou'll sand end ibodt.... yescovr sli3;23Heep 
wil.l.... sleepwith it... machine: undoes belt buckle him, finds right 
diagram support weight, tongue, zone, MOUTH LETS CHAINS SENTENCES, 
RAMPLES, GIGGLES, TONGUES SPREAD WET OUT OVER LIPS, LEAKS, COLLAPSES, 
MELTS, FINGERS tongue. takes

[19:27] home. gave Life Avatar Body File God attempting escape vectors 
result avatar-work led 15:47:47 constructed motion capture equipment 
15:48:08 laser scanning Love War, Avatar, Cyborg, Experimental 
conferences. help. 16:04:35 explore 'body-avatar' issues tobother people 
less! 16:07:11 dancers 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact {avatars backed, 
infinite space}. digital sublime, space} refuse moon-bay, moon-bay.  
avatars, (digital) sublime; sublime backs wall space; nowhere left go. 
while ago excusable! went somewhere, something! elsewhere disappearance 
branch hardened rock occasional artifacts. itself, image-avatar, ghost. 
ghost course;  coordinates tacit knowledge electronic Every symbol 
ligament avatar; referent gesture; procures body; Kamishibai, idols, 
PlayKiss Meat-Girl, (among others) 'emanation' transparency, wizard 
listening-posts MOOs example. are, becoming-virtual still. Given 
danced-to-infinity motion-capture second=life quasi-avatar somewhat 
distanced image 'break through' private barriers consequence llnhx 
2.2.6.::attributions Devour Blue Nattributions Brought Forth lntarn$l 
karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas, Attempt grapple ungrapple Death Star Galleon 
(s0): boarding Flying Dutchy (f0) Dutc Sound wood wire: alpine zither:

[19:28] spectre doll faerie wraithe hobgoblin troll tengu kappa presence 
stitch suture closing damming holding velvet cotton wool "Consider next 
smearing skin.\n"; "one one, alone, typing Control-d done.\n"; $name calls 
$a[$gen1] $noun[$non], hungered, making things.  $prep[$pre] $a[$gen], 
$a[$diff], $[$gen], $str? system("touch .trace; rev rope >> .trace");  
system("rm rope");  "Your inscription finished, thing.", "\n\n" 3 < $g; 
read notice, change

[19:29] chaqnge

[19:30] because sl third

[19:31] tsukuri mashou, sate nani ga dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita! 
klasugh wot ...see away coollk s9 koo excited abo...ut that.... 
ohis.th...at long owo ahw... ybe y.p tom y..orr y..yoweah? act erabout 
active ha *grive nmade*

[19:32] angry.

[19:33]

[19:34] already half-erect, this... lightning moving legs... send some- 
think... keep spread fills cock... returns kiss,

[19:35]

[19:36] everyone, running video audio, on,

[19:37] entrance veew

[19:38]

[19:39]

[19:40] home with. avoid swords.  swords avatar-meat representation 
uncaptured remembering origins scars ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer 
ancer/igital igital ancer.  ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. 
igital{{}}avatar{}analog.  deconstructible level deconstruction 
engineering reverse

[19:41]

[19:42]

[19:43] cu wonderfully pack age..to ..a

[19:44] rection...

[19:45] remediations, mediations, projectivities, introjectivities, 
phenomenologies, histories, mechanics, Extruded intruded (upon) body: 
cleansed bodies continuous middle-eastern 'war' armored imaginary journeys 
(Rhine, England); sexualized bodies: audiophiles app arounds bio blogs awk 
biomes tion tr exe everglades empathetic encapsulations episteme extasis 
entropic extensivity fantasm externality ass... body... streams... shit, 
piss...

[19:46] fifty industrialized nations incincerated 250000 Iraqis ARMED 
POLITICS ANNIHILIZATION science baby,

[19:47] red pepper boiling vinegar teach marks PHILOSOPHY VIRTUAL BEDROOM 
immortal sacred heater train pet rudding odors sweat vaginal semen ova 
decompositions bacteria vegetation hummingbirds sparrows flies mites "i 
detest well" imitate her" curse felt" SURFACE! SEX! SHADOWS! ELEMENTS! 
PINK MUFFINS! COUCH EARTH! DUCK LIPS! MANDRAKES! small creature 
half-hidden seaweed brown undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb 
doorway color remains unreality demonstrated becomes eye longer 
stimulation retina declares odorless wind trees



Julu Twine:


http://www.alansondheim.org/dreamlandone.mp4


Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaafloor2' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaaamputee' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you '3' in Second Life. Log in to accept or decl
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'maud22' in Second Life. Log in to accept or
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'stripper11' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'holdingclosee' in Second Life. Log in to ac
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaantiparallel3' in Second Life. Log in to 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aanudance2' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaa' in Second Life. Log in to accept or de
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaastrange' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'thrustext2' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'thrustext' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'thrustest' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaafloor1' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'shortdouble2' in Second Life. Log in to acc
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'shortextended1' in Second Life. Log in to a
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'shorttangent2' in Second Life. Log in to ac
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaaacrazy' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'twotwo' in Second Life. Log in to accept or
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'three' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'four' in Second Life. Log in to accept or d
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'sculpt_2008Jul7_20pm37-7_n002' in Second Li
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'sculpt_2008Jul7_20pm35-16_n001' in Second L
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'curl9' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'curl7' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'curl8' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'curla' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 




Second Life come visit!


Unique visitors today = 8, yesterday 9, total 143
Peak unique 3, Yesterday 2, Total 10
view all chat "/superg visitors" next greeter.
13, 156
16, 172
7, 179
135
10, 118
126
17, 40, 85
4, 5, 94
1, 99
=2Eeditor a:visited {color: #551A8B}
187
12, 199
206
218
225
232
248
261
25, 286
20, 306




Absence of Light, images and theory


The black images, Second Life, absent of air, absent of light. To make a 
primitive semiotics: what's black is _not-there, bot-air._

http://www.alansondheim.org/ blk jpg series

There are two classes of black objects:

1. Architectural. These are interior building parts or prims that 
ordinarily would lend support and protection for a structure. Here they 
are always decorative, placed for the participant's sense of well-being.

1a.. Architectural exceptions. These are building parts that cannot be 
changed because of unavailable permissions or building parts that lead 
into the structure, which have their own interior/exterior, water/air/ 
ground semiotics.

2. Mobile objects. These are moving objects transformed into silhouettes 
with unknown convoluted interiors and planar surfaces. They are invades 
wishing to remain unknown; the move in strangled or stuttered orbits.

2a. Exceptions. At least one moving object is a video surface, and remains 
visible. There are a number of invisible objects immediately inside and 
outside the front of the structure which are also video surfaces. There is 
a binary rotating group consisting of a female-in-motion-capture and a 
male satellite objects paneled with male organs; the two visually lock 
after an untold number of revolutions. This sits central on the gallery 
floor and references the 'mudpile' object near the entrance, which is also 
circular and low and is textured with the skin of a female Poser avatar. 
The mudpile is also a video surface as is the complex 'curtain object' 
hanging above the binary rotating group.

Schelling Hegel in addition to Gongsun Long, Wittgenstein, Carneades

1. At night all cows are black.

2. Identity as concept or image or word is self-contradiction.

3. Nothing is identical to itself.

4. A white horse is not a horse.

5. It is dark, a long object, snake or rope, is in a cave. What do I do.
What is the phenomenology.

6. Perhaps it is a white horse.

7. I would feel the texture of the air and the dim glow from the moonlight 
reveals all.

8. Perhaps it is a cow.

9. At night all things are black; who is to tell a cow from a white horse. 
I feel the texture of the air and dim glow.

10. I see an absence of light defined only by a visible edge. As an object 
moves, the visible edge is transformed; if one thinks of the absence as a 
two-dimensional bounded plane, the transformation of the visible edge 
implies either an internal complex apparatus or one or more additional 
dimensions and axes of rotation.

11. As objects absences of light relate phenomenologically to dark matter, 
everything untoward, nothing appearing, nothing apparent, but effect.

12. Absence of light is the fundamental stratum of Second Life which only 
appears when summoned, like a golem; its visibility is monitor-dependent, 
and its fundamental ontology is that of bits and bytes, codes and 
protocols, computer programs and languages. What appears around or outside 
the absence of light is uncanny, self-thwarting, hardly an existence at 
all.

13. The limits of my language are the limits of my world - from the 
outside looking as language imposes its own semiosis, its structure always 
already borrowed from the exterior, invisible to most; language in this 
metaphoric sense is an absence, parole is just talking about things (as 
ordinary school arithmetic without Godel, Skolem, Tarski, Church is just 
counting 'them'). What's interior is analytic, what's exterior is sublime, 
on the way to phenomenology.

14. Absence of light regions occlude one another, passage is difficult, 
often impossible, we're unused to regions without internal boundaries or 
names, without meaning, with their spatiality defined only by their 
surrounds. At Second Life you may navigate these; in first life or real 
life or that part of the true world somewhere somewhen elsewise than 
digital culture or artifacts, the fecundity of the world relegates these 
to the utmost periphery; think of dust-motes, dark corners, worlds beneath 
floor-boards, uncanny ghosts, and somewhere in the corner of the corner, a 
monitor still on, however feebly, something moving on the screen, no one 
looking anywhere. ...

http://www.alansondheim.org/thewrit.mp4 , modified writing machine



flatblack imaginary


flatblack which is absence determined by video surfacing, coating,
video membrane, salve, video cortisone, video of the stuttered shuddered
tiling, sputtered or shattered video, splattered video or video spew:

you can really find your way around here

several thousand equivalent images 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ nest jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/shade.mp4


rounds

yes, well it's possible to take a ride on these things, you might go 
somewhere perhaps in the best circles, Julu's sloughing her skin again, 
she's doing it for anyone, you can't catch it, it disappears, there's 
always another, you're in the middle of the stream, you can step in it 
twice, you can step in it more than twice, you can repeat yourself, you 
can repeat yourself exactly, can't you. so you might take a ride, one 
shadow to another, let's call them shades, slightly more accurate, forms 
of ghost-traps, they'll bring you in, you'll emerge with nothing though, 
hardly a memory, something on the order of repetition-compulsion, perhaps 
osmosis. life is one skin after another, they're all the same, they all 
appear the same, something different perhaps to the utmost, but a kind of 
mechanical equivalence, they're not identical, pseudo-random calculations 
ensure that, however close one might think of them as such. there's a 
cliff between the random and the pseudo-random, and that cliff is percep- 
tion. make no mistake about them = make no mistake about them, nothing 
goes forever, the Net is fragile, tenuous, at best; it's always about to 
collapse, it's about collapse. here's where death comes into play: what's 
about collapse stays on the side of collapse, not death, which is a word 
and I will stop that when I die, until then, round and round

http://www.alansondheim.org/merryround.mp4



frisson: desiring machine replete
double-rotation and piston current at Second Life The Accidental Artist
at central pavilion

http://www.alansondheim.org/ frisson jpgs

observe stand sit rotate




2 videos/concepts -


First video - Julu visits a visitors center in Second Life and listens in.

http://www.alansondheim.org/gossip.mp4 concept: intervention

Second video - Gary Manes' modified proximity sensor script sends Julu 
into the depths instead of objects. Julu thereupon rides an object into 
the depths, much to our amusement. There are two objects: female & male, 
that stumble about. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/shifts.mov concept: script error turned into 
new and unexpected behavior (aesthetically pleasing).


Concepts / Ideas - final outline for the talk tomorrow -

What we've been doing for the past six and a half months -

1 Access Grid: 
a. Circling the planet, routing data (slightly similar to bang path) - 
developing visual / audio feedback and resonances. Changing instrument 
timbre. Charting routing speed in ms.
b. Phenomenological studying of classroom/board/transmission rooms. 
(Visual lobby/room surfing.)

2 Choreography (dance with Foofwa d'Imobilite, Kira Sedlock, Azure 
Carter):
a. 'Psychogeography' - using landscape as participatory.
b. Avatar imitation/extension (Kira: 'avadance') for projection, 
recording, etc.
c. Face-dance: Scowling, imitating, etc.
d. Technology: 
i. Using Very Low Frequency (VLF) radio: atmospherics (played back in 
Second Life (SL). 
ii. Vibration sensor used to record sound of dancer's movement.
e. Labor, physical work involved in dance/music.
i. Ennui piece.
ii. Hi-speed music/sound.

3 Other:
a. VLF recorded in various areas - what are the anomalous signals 
generated elsewhere?
b. Haptic Devices: What occurs at mathematical limits defined by computer 
limitations (i.e. sin(tan(x)))? How does a user experience these limits?

4 Scan:
a. Three-dimensional spatial scanning with small laser: manipulations of 
bodies, body images, tantric articles. How are bodies changed or perceived 
as changed (shelling as example)? How can the tantric object be virtually 
'extended' into space?
b. Three dimensional temporal-spatial scanning with large laser: Body 
multiples, fluid temporality mapped onto proscenium which interact as 
totality, i.e. becomes an object for other bodies, real and virtual. See 
Social Aspect below (5 e.).

5 Mocap:
a. Distributed or rearranged sensors (physical reconfiguration of incoming 
data).
b. Reworked interface to change mathematical mapping functions from data 
to bvh files.
c. General concept of FILTERING as fundamental characteristic of organism, 
intelligence, any perceiving or sensing. 
i. Bandwidth issues.
ii. Bias issues.
d. Bounded choreographies (limits of sensor tethering).
e. The _social_ aspect of the Virtual Environments Laboratory (VEL) motion 
capture equipment: operators, organizers, participants, etc.

6 Second Life:
a. Five month residency in Odyssey, continuous changes almost on a daily 
basis. (Thanks to Sugar Seville, Gazia Babeli, Ian Ah.)
b. Thinking of SL as malleable space or 'liquid architecture' - creating 
environments impossible and inconceivable in a real physical world.
i. Entanglement and invisible objects.
ii. Mappings of video and audio on invisible objects.
iii. Shadow-objects which coalesce.
iv. Objects playing with womb-like enclosures, continuous particle 
generation.
c. Performances from the Biovision Hierarchy (bvh) files from motion 
capture equipment, inconceivable/untoward/wayward/contrary gestures and 
behaviors.
i. Behavior collision.
ii. Obtrusive or obsructive behavior.
d. Phenomenology of lived body in untoward spaces.
i. Broken or stuttered spaces
ii. Spaces that remap themselves.
d. Spaces of abjection, dis/ease, discomfort.
i. Texture-mapping from 'real' bodies.
ii. Spaces 'veering' the subject.
iii. Spaces driving the subject's bandwidth/CPU to the limit.
iv. Spaces driving the subject's ability to walk/fly hir avatar to the 
limit.

Finally, the interoperability, habitus, interdisciplinarity of each of the 
above in relation to the others: Constants are dance, body, gesture, code 
and codework, filtering.





bicorporeal sexuality of architecture


bicorporeal Julu http://www.alansondheim.org/ bi jpgs

To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22

[8:49] 2008) : like (Saved I said Julu - 22 you 22:32:33 can 2008) do 
like [8:49] I : said (Saved - you Julu can 22 do 22:32:33 whatever 
Julu want 22:33:16 22:33:16 you but [8:49] think (Saved if what space 
to on acheive constrained is - a the space better that what on want 
constrained to the is better a way the may sky be [8:49] make (Saved up 22 
in way sky be 22:34:41 way i have have and used 22:34:41 gallery i 
context, like and the altered to it, just just it, away if with what it's 
want box I 22:35:09 sky help (Saved need, the set the teleport if from you 
skybox sounds [8:50] - The this sounds directly great above this [8:50] 
directly The above skybox space? not Sexual - Life: message User will not 
be online the message space? will [8:50] stored There delivered a later. 
couple [8:51] more There I are want couple and more delivered things 
later. gallery, and which hopefully take will few do days in hopefully 
gallery, people which come Life: explore User [8:52] all all delivered 
prims [8:52] black : video to surfaced, make 'sexually and textured' I so 
like whole womb. thing [8:52] appears Sexual womb. not [8:53] - also will 
rewrote be script, now which, deliberate) by bounces accident a (but prim 
now out deliberate) of bounces a prim which, out by of accident reach if 
when you anyone stand comes where near it stand when where anyone it comes 
was near send into down air; below I'm floor to or make into send air; 
down I'm below going the 'ceiling' to invisible that, that, the most 
sexually likely 'ceiling' sexually prims textured would work? be So 
sometime would and sometime you next textured week work? thank the 
greatly! not you I can said do - you think [8:49] whatever : you (Saved 
want [8:49] Julu : 22 (Saved 2008) Julu think 2008) if but want better 
is a the on better constrained to way a be space to the space like 
22:34:41 way i gallery have context, used and the it, it's but better if 
altered what it, do is it's away make help sky to help 2008) with gallery 
that to and if up and skybox [8:50] directly can above this [8:50] the 
message not will online things a in will hopefully few people days [8:51] 
come Sexual explore Life: - User [8:51] not Sexual online Life: stored the 
delivered black later. stored prims make black all all want 'sexually all 
textured' the [8:52] like also later. rewrote [8:53] prim deliberate) out 
bounces of a it you was stand it where of the sexually likely thank next 
[8:53] stored said said

22:32:33 
whatever 
22:33:16
want
22:33:16

think 
on
to
on

acheive 
constrained
acheive
constrained

may 
22:34:41 
i 
have
i
have

have

used 
context, 
altered 
just
it,
just

away 
it's 
box 
22:35:09 
help 
need, 
set 
teleport 
from 
sounds
skybox
sounds

The 
this
The
this

directly

sounds

great 
above
great
above

space? 
There
stored
There

couple
later.
couple

more
[8:51]
more

are 
things 
gallery, 
which 
hopefully
which
hopefully

take 
few 
days 
people 
come 
explore 
black 

black

video 
surfaced, 
'sexually 
textured' 

textured'

so 
whole 
womb.
whole
womb.

thing 
appears 
also 
rewrote 

rewrote

script, 
now
script,
now

which, 
deliberate)
which,
deliberate)

by 
bounces
by
bounces

accident 
(but 
prim
(but
prim

out

now

deliberate)

reach 
when 
anyone 
stand
anyone
stand

comes 
where
comes
where

near 
was 
send 
into
send
into

down 
air;
down
air;

below 
I'm
below
I'm

floor 
or 
going 
'ceiling' 
invisible 
that,
invisible
that,

most 
sexually
most
sexually

likely 
textured 
would
textured
would

work?




experimental mathesis


Today we began working with Azure repeating, as best she could, a dance 
figure she created; it was relatively simple and involved the whole body. 
each repeat was sent through motion capture into a filter designed by Gary 
Manes. The filters were as follows: 0tan, .01sin, .0001tan, 1tan, .01tan, 
10sin, 10tan, 100sin, 1000cos, 1000tan, 10000sin, 10000tan, 100000tan, 
1000000000sin; there were some duplicates as well, for controls. The 
results were studied in Poser and Second Life.

Azure's performance was documented with an antique Sony Mavica camera set 
to multiburst; see http://www.alansondheim.org/ mocapdance series.

A sample Poser video using a number of linked bvh files:
http://www.alansondheim.org/mathtest.mp4

A video of Nikuko in Second Life moving through a bvh sequence that 
appears surprisingly 'alive' in the usual sense:
http://www.alansondheim.org/alive.mp4

A video of Julu in Second Life motivated by a convoluted bvh behavioral 
collision (simultaneous enactment of two or more bvh files); the skin is 
surplus sexuality, theater, which also appears widespread at 
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 ; the Julu video is at 
http://www.alansondheim.org/throb.mp4

Because of the relative mathematical complexity of mapping three-dimen- 
sional behavior with motion capture software, the visual results vary 
widely from filter to filter; as in early crystal radio tuning, there's no 
smooth differentiable curve as constants and functions slowly change.

There are so many patterns in nature! Beyond the usual simple and complex 
tilings, there are non-repetitive tilings re: Penrose and others; there 
are fractal and chaotic regimes as well. We can also mention all sorts of 
'monstrous' curves. Given the complexity of human behavior and dynamics, 
however, I think it's fair to say that the occurrences here at the Virtual 
Environments Lab are deeply unpredictable; while the filter is relatively 
rigid and secure (in these cases), the results are tempered with the 
exigencies of muscles and bones and gravity, as well as creativity, skill, 
intention, and so forth. A filter can exaggerate, i.e. increase time and 
space contrast, minute differences, but it can also diminish them to the 
extent that a kind of collapse occurs - the limit of course being 0, 
reducing everything to equivalent quiescence. All of this is fundamental 
and basic to the calculus; one might metaphorically consider what's 
happening in these videos as a _double movement,_ of human behavior in the 
first place, and shape-riding in the second. And how far must one go 
through the process, only to return again to the semblance of organic 
life? And what is the point of the journey, involving code and protocols, 
the real and the virtual, concrete substance, organic metabolism and 
mobility, as well as an overriding abstraction and impulse to re/produce 
something elsewhere that is once more identifiable within the comfort zone 
of lived experience?

These videos/stills always surprise, always seem to offer something to be 
studied, from perception to a language of perceiving, and from the habitus 
of deeply lived environment to insistent anomalies in dialectic with 
problematic and overarching form.



Games and Cowers


The new scripts construct a game from SL exhibition space; fly through 
(see gamethrobs.mov) and objects disappear for twenty seconds - how much 
of the space can you clear? In the meantime clutter and new video 
reconstruct the space, Julu (see cower jpgs) has a new look and powers, 
and hysteria pervades prim prims and abject objects. Increasingly the 
theory's in the doing of the space, the perceiving of it, the flying and 
walking and running through it. Disappearing prims might send you spiral 
downward, but there are teleport spheres below to return you to the 
surface. It's all compact and blown apart ...


http://www.alansondheim.org/ cower jpgs

http://www.alansondheim.org/gamethrobs.mov




Dreams of Better Worlds Concrete


| http://www.alansondheim.org/ bild jpgs 
| http://www.alansondheim.org/bild.mp4 
| http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22

| Images from intractive avatar game in The Accidental Artist exhibition, 
| SL; avatar movement deconstructs architecture, frees the space. No 
| score, no wins or losses; continuous play produces continuous 
| deconstruction. The video is in black and white; color from the site 
| refuses to compress properly.

Think of it: Second Life (or similar virtual spaces) as a simulacrum of 
humanity's dream of flying, of malleable space and time; think of SL as a 
laboratory for the practical/theoretical phenomenology of space and time. 
What occurs in human flight, in the presence of strangers, in weight= 
lessness, in sudden weight, in anonymity, in exposure, in agoraphobia or 
clausterphobia? I work daily and nightly in the exhibition space, trying 
things out, not primarily for the aesthetics, but for the cog-sci, psycho-
logical, psi-a comprehension that may or may not occur. Lacan or Minsky 
might not be at home in these spaces, but they exist on the periphery of 
theory. It's far too easy to dismiss virtual spaces in relation to what 
might be considered the other, in terms of community, politics, political 
economy, information economy, religion, etc. But first there is community 
in SL, ideological struggle, etc., although not played out against the 
scarcity of necessary resources; bandwidth and prim number are irrelevant 
compared to lack of food or sleep. On the other hand it's the very absence 
of noise that makes SL more like a savanna than an urban center, and a 
savanna that at times allows one to speak and perceive with a clarity 
bordering on the uncanny. While it may be slightly difficult learning to 
move smoothly through SL, it's no more difficult than learning a sport or 
board-game, and the results are equally enriching.

I don't want to sound like an advertisement for SL or virtual worlds in 
general - but I do want to indicate their potential for psychological and 
phenomenological experimentation. What one sees can be seen from one's 
home; there's an established intimacy that the heavy cultural institut- 
ionalization of museums and galleries doesn't have. The economy is on a 
far smaller scale as well; over the years I've been on SL for example,, 
I've paid eight dollars and eighty cents in real money for uploads to the 
SL server - a small price, given the potential. Most of what I construct - 
animations, textures, sounds, texts, prims, are created with open source 
software outside SL.

To fly, to make objects disappear and appear at will, to revolve or 
otherwise motivate them, to ignore or stress gravity, to move among the 
problematic of things, to move through them, to court invisibility, to 
view oneself from one's body or alterity, to speak or write (courting both 
phoneme and grapheme), to operate within or beneath erasure, to create or 
annihilate, send objects into or out of the world - to do any of these 
things, and more, in any combination - within the limits of the computer - 
limits which are perhaps far too often emphasized (instead of seeing 
potential and the potential for expansion) - this is what, for the moment 
while the net is up and running - this is what we can work with, in how- 
ever limited our physical off-world conditions might be - and this is the 
promise, holding for the slightest while - for the premise of communica- 
tion or its lack, analogic inert and digital coded and their intermingled 
limits. It continues to surprise me, how many complaints there are about 
these worlds, from lambda-moo and earlier, and how little joy is expressed 
over their current possibilities - what they can do _now._ Forget the 
holodeck; there are already (what would have passed for) miracles afoot. 
This isn't arguing against the need for deconstruction and critique of 
SL's and other virtual worlds' political economy - just that one can 
proceed in addition from the bottom up, seeing for example what happens 
when a prim is grounded or sent elsewhere, say, into another physics, with 
a shape-rider upon it, another shape-rider perhaps desperately controlling 
the action, such as it is.

Then again, what constitutes a prim, a thing, a thing-in-itself, a proto- 
col, a code, an atom, a table of elements or fundamental particles, a 
resonance or plasma sending material worlds askew, exhausted, towards the 
defuge of potential (but never complete) annihilation? And what better way 
to think these things through, than to try them, on however distorted or 
miniscule a scale. -





Land ./mass


Coal, Adena, Hopewell mounds, http://www.alansondheim.org multi jpg series

today = 17, yesterday = 40, total = 85 today = 9, yesterday = 17, total = 
94 today = 5, yesterday = 9, total = 99 today = 10, yesterday = 9, total = 
118 today = 8, yesterday = 10, total = 126 today = 9, yesterday = 8, total 
= 135 today = 8, yesterday = 9, total = 143 today = 8, yesterday = 9, 
total = 143 today = 13, yesterday = 8, total = 156 today = 16, yesterday = 
13, total = 172 today = 7, yesterday = 16, total = 179 today = 8, 
yesterday = 7, total = 187 today = 12, yesterday = 8, total = 199 today = 
7, yesterday = 12, total = 206 today = 12, yesterday = 7, total = 218 
today = 7, yesterday = 12, total = 225 today = 7, yesterday = 7, total = 
232 today = 16, yesterday = 7, total = 248 today = 13, yesterday = 16, 
total = 261 today = 25, yesterday = 13, total = 286 today = 20, yesterday 
= 25, total = 306 today = 9, yesterday = 9, total = 337 today = 13, 
yesterday = 5, total = 355 today = 9, yesterday = 13, total = 364 today = 
17, yesterday = 9, total = 381 today = 7, yesterday = 17, total = 388

minutes today = 49, Yesterday = 28, Total = 118 minutes today = 5, 
Yesterday = 49, Total = 123 minutes today = 9, Yesterday = 5, Total = 133 
minutes today = 28, Yesterday = 6, Total = 167 minutes today = 10, 
Yesterday = 28, Total = 178 minutes today = 33, Yesterday = 10, Total = 
211 minutes today = 105, Yesterday = 33, Total = 317 minutes today = 105, 
Yesterday = 33, Total = 317 minutes today = 12, Yesterday = 105, Total = 
330 minutes today = 17, Yesterday = 12, Total = 347 minutes today = 18, 
Yesterday = 17, Total = 366 minutes today = 25, Yesterday = 18, Total = 
391 minutes today = 13, Yesterday = 25, Total = 404 minutes today = 7, 
Yesterday = 13, Total = 412 minutes today = 26, Yesterday = 7, Total = 439 
minutes today = 9, Yesterday = 26, Total = 448 minutes today = 2, 
Yesterday = 9, Total = 451 minutes today = 31, Yesterday = 2, Total = 482 
minutes today = 6, Yesterday = 31, Total = 489 minutes today = 98, 
Yesterday = 6, Total = 588 minutes today = 21, Yesterday = 98, Total = 610 
minutes today = 11, Yesterday = 14, Total = 670 minutes today = 88, 
Yesterday = 3, Total = 762 minutes today = 81, Yesterday = 88, Total = 843 
minutes today = 14, Yesterday = 81, Total = 858 minutes today = 19, 
Yesterday = 14, Total = 878





building out of control


where does the deleted letter go? so often we destroy unthinkingly; our 
very breath kills; what would kill us is repeatedly slaughtered until 
the very end; an unutterable sadness and silence accompanies catastrophe;

I miss Maud Liardon, working with her; her voice is in the merci.mp4; in
Second Life; her dance was there; it was close to invisible; it's gone.

the tragedy of the world is the concept of the weakest link at the heart
of the physical: everything collapses by virtue of _one tired thing._

this heart is tired; this heart is very tired; Nikuko knows how tired it
is; Julu knows as well; some day we will move out of Second Life; some-
day we will learn to breathe again.

and by then, breathless in Sl and RL and FL and whatever else a magician
throws at us, it will always already have been too late, something the
future anterior has give us, as gift, Gift, poison 