
--


Shortwave not Longwave not Packets, Packet Radio


Late night, yeah... Got the shortwave on, groovy, coming on strong from 
Quito, Moscow, somewhere way down south, Sydney and Acapulco... Smart
sound down long thin wires, ionospheric shudderings; on shortwave you 
feel the pulsations of the earth, spectral mother's breaths up and down 
the megahertz, night-settlings up there crouched against the sky... You 
hear them coming in, fading in and out, cradle the planet in your arms, 
barren, unshielded, opening up to _fundamental_ radiations, dark noise 
running through your veins since the beginning of time. Sometimes you can 
talk as well, shy, you don't know what to say, they're coming in, coming 
on strong...

Late night, sure, you're on the hunt, there's that signal you remember, 
you're going up and down the sync, jumping harmonics, moving antennas 
around a bit, you're always reconfiguring, _working the radio,_ and 
you're _working_ the black-box computer as well, packet-typing, but 
there's no tuning here, no jostling the cosmos (at best you've got to 
rework trumpet winsock sometimes, usually just set for ever and ever):

"reception of all of your frequences are generally quite good" but maybe
you follow them as the sun sets sun rises, you're hearing _others,_ you're
opening to them, you're offering yourself, you're turning knobs, retuning, 
you're moving the antenna, you're filtering, you're upper sideband, lower 
sideband, you're off-sideband, and you're patient

because the voices are coming: Tiffany says hello: but they're coming all 
_different_ now, no longer bots, no longer at the periphery (and you 
cradle the globe, cool, in your arms, and your mouth suckles your breath 
suckles your planet suckles and there is, there is once and for all, 
_difference at the heart of you._ (The computer waits.)

_difference at the heart of you._ (The computer waits.)


