



For a Copenhagen talk, points to touch on -


The evolution of the piece http://www.alansondheim.org/whatremains.mp4 -

Humans are a disaster on the planet, out-of-control primates. My work is 
done against a background of mass-extinctions, pollutions (particularly of 
the ocean) that are catastrophic. We need a new species, new world, 
leaving the natural order, what remains of it, alone as much as possible.

This won't happen.

My photographs rarely have people in them. Dance is another story. With 
dance, the body does miracles, and does them without destruction. Dance 
begins and ends with the horizon of organism, organism all the way 
through.

With scanners, the body is frozen, but with resetting software parameters 
you can create images of a new body, never before seen, never seen again.

With motion capture, behavior is frozen. You can use motion capture in 
indirect ways, making and remaking the body, as if it could do things no 
body could in real life. In What Remains, there are words about remnants, 
and the body is ikonic, wayward, out of control with itself. 

Maya - illusion and its repetition - What remains after the filtering, 
after the protocols, after numeration and denumeration -

Changing software, adding dynamic filters similar to graphics programs 
filters - exactly! That's how the body is transformed. The protocols are 
intact, carrying the filters, but the informal protocols of sensor 
arrangement are altered: sensors might be distributed among more than one 
body, subject to magnetic fields, rearranged on the body - all of this 
mechanical/hardware.

So software: modifying parameters until they're out of control / creating 
behavioral/dynamic filtering. So hardware: Sensor rearrangements/ dance 
choreographies and sound-work untoward in themselves.

What remains after the orbit, after the rockets across softwares and 
hardwares. What remains, as higher ascii, particles cleaned up, text 
rendered taut and distraught. What remains, after the deluge, nothing but 
ashes, like any work, I'll work at a loss, Maya Maya ...

So there's the catastrophic always in the background...

And where does this go? Into live performance, recorded live performance, 
Second Life, almost cartoon-like, but capable of creating the _utterly 
alien,_ a real sense of alterity - that Other which might come to haunt 
us, judge us, appear in our dreamworlds, bring us down, bring _all of it_ 
down...

(kills us all

(distortions in the image: terrorisms, Abu Gharayb, world-wide torture

(on the other hand, there's always a sense of _wonder_ in these worldings:

If you look at the physics of the holographic universe, you find that the 
maximum amount of information any space can contain is proportional to its 
boundary-area. Think of this in terms of the cosmic horizon and its pro- 
jection into the interior (i.e. 'us'). Now think of Second Life or other 
virtual worlds, and their hidden protocols, etc. - this is an extremely 
crude parallel; what's seen (on the surface) is projection from an inter- 
iority, that in terms of the _visuality_ of the screen, is inherently 
scrambled. What goes on, on the surface, reflects commands given, _not_ to 
the surface, but to the database/programming. 

So that Second Life has 'triple physics':

1. The physics of the avatar, and local interactions;
2. The assigned physics of the virtual environment which is 
constructivist;
3. The phenomenology of the physics, which is inert and possibly relates 
to a holographic universe.

All three, in my work, are a form of _negotiated architecture_ - of the 
body, the programming, and the ostensible space-time environment.


note 6:
being alien is not a depiction
note 7:
i don't like being alone with my thoughts anymore
but consider the holographic universe -
consider the horizon, inaccessible, unattainable, 
examined only in bits and pieces as
related to the substructure of SL, 
which is specifiable, 
which must be specifiable _somewhere,_ 
and containing a totality of information 
in a disturbed convoluted form 
fundamentally unknowable, 
but for the work of hacker-cosmologists
opening the slightest window which may or may not
result in legibility -
there a relationship between the two,
the Second Life and the First, distanced across
inconceivable spaces harboring the greatest untoward
objects in the cosmos.
note 8
looking further, noticing something awry with reality -
the reality we're in about, on about -
a kind of loss of simplicity and innocence -
for example the wave-particle duality -
the presence of magnetic fields and action at a distance -
just so in Second Life - it's not quite right -
no matter how the introjections or projections, it's askew -
it sends you into the uncanny -
everything sends you there, first life, Second Life, all of it -
you know things are entangled, you just don't know where -
thinking about it is confusing -
everything's confusing and at a distance -
beyond that distance, everything's unattainable -




cut


there were three cuts in the field. some sort of great scythe, swath a 
meter wide. there were two flocks of birds, mourning doves, pigeons of 
course, starlings, some other birds - sparrows, starlings - two thousand 
or so. in other words "the field was full of birds." pigeons huddled on 
rooftops, i think the pigeon population increased in relation to land 
disturbance. the other birds would go extinct. kestrels had disappeared. 
issuance of voles, field mice, present. foxes disappeared. it's a taut 
selection. development, rabid, is unspeakable, no words for violation 
fabric. this is a becoming of absolutely lost, not information but its 
coherency, inhering in the land. what is being absolutely lost is always 
already virtual, hence uncanny. everywhere you look offline you see death, 
everywhere online, corporation. neither cures the other, both suffocate 
the other. i shoot video with this in mind. i'm aware that tape unlike 
film is indexical at best, one might think the film frame ikonic. what it 
points to, what tape points to, is doubled, equivalence and mapping - and 
death. every frame is a dead frame, every video frame has never been 
alive. from one field to another, aristotelian to quantum, birds and 
grasses to E and B orthogonal.

http://www.alansondheim.org/circlecut.mov



finale loosened mapping timbre,

you know who you are, you know what you did
you know you are, you know you did
you know you, you know you
you know, you know
you, you, it's always about you

http://www.alansondheim.org/deplete1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/deplete2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/deplete3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/deplete4.jpg



what the hell was i thinking

a abandoned abbreviate abbreviation abjures able about above absolute 
absolutely abstraction absurdity abu abyss accidental accompany 
accomplishments accordingly accumulated acquaintance across action active 
actually add addictions adding additions adds adjoins adventurers aed 
aegis affair after again against age agnvahxrzbhay ago agreement airliner 
ajax ajaxlife al alan alansondheim aletsch alien alignment alive all 
allergic allowed allows almost alone along already also alt altered 
alterity altogether altx alway always am amazing american amerika among 
amount an analog analogy anatomy ancers and angle angular animal animals 
animation another anthrax any anymore anyone anything anyway apart 
apocalypse apologies apparently appear appearance appeared appears aqnay 
arches architecture are area argent arise aristotelian around arrangement 
arriv artifacts artist as ascii ashes asked askew asphalt asshole assigned 
asymptotic at ated atlantic attention aurs automated automation available 
avatar avatars average avoid aware away awry azeem azure b back background 
bad baldwin ball band bandaging barely barre barren base baseball based 
basic basis battlefield bay bb bbb bdownb be beams beat beautifully beauty 
bebr because become becomes becoming been before began begin beginning 
begins behavior behavioral being believe bell belongings below beneath 
benign best bestowed better between beyond big binary binding birds birth 
bit bites bits bittern bitty bk black blazevox blemish blinds blocked 
blocks blood blue bluelionbooks bluff bnd bodies body boerum bones book 
books bordering both bottle bottom boundaries boundary box boy br breaking 
breathless brick bridge brief brilliant bring bringing brings broken brook 
brooklyn brooks brothers brought brute bsd bsometimesb bu building 
buildings builds built bulldozer buried burned buses but buttes button by 
bytes c cabin call called came can capable capital capture captured care 
carry carrying cars carter cartoon carved cataclysm catalog catastrophic 
categories caught cave caves cbpp centered centering centuries certainly 
chain chalky chance change changed changes changing chasing chasm chat 
cheatham cheeks cherethites child chimera choreia choreographies 
choreography chosen churches circle circlecut circles circumscribe 
circumstances cities city class classical cleaned clear clearly cliff 
cliffed cliffquot cliffs cliffside climb climbs clit clitoris clogs close 
closure cloud clouds cobza coded codework coercion coherency cohering cold 
coldness collapse collapsed collection colorado com combination come comes 
comfortable coming commands comments comprehension concavities conclusion 
configured confront confusing connect consciousness consensual consider 
console constitutes construct constructing constructivist constructs 
contain containing content continued continues continuous contitutes 
contrary control convexities convoluted copenhagen corner corporate 
corporation cosmic cosmologists cosmos cost could couldn course courses 
covering covers crashed crawling create creating creation creatively crime 
crossing crossingoverjordan crown crude crumbling crushing crying culled 
culture cultures cures current curved curves cut cuts cutting d da dacers 
damned damped dance dancer dangerously dark darkness database davos day 
dead deadness deal dealing death decentered decision deck deconstruction 
deep deer deferring definability definable define defined delete deluge 
demand demon demonamuh demonstration denumeration depiction deplete depths 
described descript description descry desecrates desert destroy destroyed 
destruction determined determinist develop development develops devouring 
diabetes diagrams dialysis did didn die died dies differance difference 
different difficult digital dim direction dirt dirty disablement disappear 
disappeared disappearing disaster discomfort discourse disease disguise 
disgust dispel dispersing disrepair dissimilar distance distanced distant 
distinctin distinction distortions distraught distributed disturbance 
disturbed do dodder does doesn doing dojoji don done dong double doubled 
doves down download downward drag drained draining draw dream dreams 
dreamworlds drives dual duality duet duo dusk dust dustst dwelled dwelling 
dying dynamic e each eakdown earlier ears earth easy ebooks ebzsay echo 
eck economies ecstasy ed edge edges efbppray either electric elide eloo 
else elsewhere em email embedded embodies embraced emigrate empha employed 
enclosure encoded encompass end ends endure energy enjoy ennui enology 
enough ensure entangled entanglement entangles enters entire entity ently 
entropy environment environments equally equals equival equivalence er 
escape escapes etc even event every everything everywhere evolution 
evpnanzray exactly examine examined example except excretions exercise 
exiting exponential extend extending extenuating exteriority external 
externally extinct extinctions extremely extrusions eyesight fabric fac 
face fact failed fairly fall fallen fallin falling falls famed family fan 
far farther fast fear feeds feels feet fell fend festival festoon fetal 
fever fevers few fha fi field fields figure fill film filtering filters 
finale finally find finding finite fireflight first fissures flat fled 
fleeing flesh flight floating flocks floor foerster fog follow followed 
following foofwa for foreign forest forests forever forgetfulness 
forgotten form formal formation former forms fort fortifications found 
foxes fractured frame frames free friends from frozen frustration fruuuu 
full functions fundamental fundamentally furious further fuzzy gagged game 
ganick garbage garnering gathering gatza gauging gave gazer gen gender 
general genre gentle geodesics geoff geoffrey geometry ger get gets 
gharayb ghastly ghost ghosts girl give given glace glacier glaciers glow 
glu go god goes going gone granges granite granted graphics grasp grasses 
grasshoppers gravity greasing great greatest green greenland groping 
ground grouping grows guard guess guitar gun habitat habitus hacker had 
hair hallucinations hand handbook hands hangs happen happens happy 
harboring hard hardened harder hardness hardware hardwares harmony harves 
has hate haunt haunted haunting haunts have having he head healing heard 
hearing heart heat hegelung height heinz heir hence her here hermitage 
hidden hide hierarchically hierarchies hierarchy higher hill him hinge his 
histories history hkaplan holarchically holarchy holding holds holes 
holographic home hope horizon horizons horses hospital hounded hounding 
hounds house houses how however htm html http huddle huddled hugging human 
humanity humans hundreds hunger hungers hurt huts hyperbolic hysteresis i 
ically ice icecap ideas identity if ignorance ii iii ikonic ila ill 
illusion image images imagine imagines immersion immersive imminent 
imobilite impenetrable imperative implies impossibility in inability 
inaccessible inasmuch incandescent incessant incipient include including 
inconceivable increased incredibly indefinite indefinitely indexical 
indirect individual inert infantilisms infinitely informal information ing 
inhabited inhabits inherently inhering innocence inscribed inscribing 
inscription inscriptions insect inside insisted insists instead 
instruments intact integra integral integration intelligences intended 
intense intentional intentionality inter interactions interest interface 
interior intermission internal internally internet intersecting into 
introjections intu invisible involdance involdances involved involves 
iority iraq irreso is iserable isn issuance it its itself iuu jagged 
jammed jdecarlo jealousy jection jennifer jenny jesus jhava jobs joins 
jordan jordanbing jpg judge jukka julu just justice jzk ka kervinen 
kestrels kill kills kind knew knife know knowing knowings knowledge 
kristeva kwat la labor laboratory labs lacan lake lakes land landscape 
landscapes language languaging last late latter layer leads leaned 
learning leave leaves leaving led left legibility length less let level 
lie lies life lighthouse like limit linden line lines linguistic lion lip 
lips list listed listening listing literary little littlest live lk ll 
loathing local log logic lonely long longer look looking looks loosened 
loses loss lost loud love lovely lovers lower lrudolph lucky lulu luminary 
lurid lute ly m maenad magic magnetic majid make makes making malign man 
many mapping mappings maps margin margins marine mark marked mass massive 
masterpiece material mathematically mathesis matter max maximum may maya 
maybe mc me meadows mean means mechanical medication meld memories men 
mention mesa mesas mess message meter miasma mice middle midst might 
migraine mind mines miniature miracles missing mist mmm modeling models 
modifying molds moment momm money month months moon more moss mosses 
motion moun mountain mountaineer mountaineers mountains mourning mouth 
mouths mov move movement movements moves moving mp much murkier murky 
murmurs muscle muscles music musical must mutilations my myself naked name 
napoleonic narrative narrows natural nature navel near necessary neck need 
negation negotiated neither net netherworld neuroses neurosis neutral 
never new next night nightmares nikuko nine nnn no non nonsense noone 
northeasterly not notating notation note noted notes nothing noticing now 
nu number numeration o object objects obligations obovo obscure obscures 
occurs ocean odyssey of off offended offline ofo often ok okagami okay 
oloosson on once one online only onto ontologies onyysbbgay open opening 
operates operation opportunity or orbit orchestra order ordering org 
organic organism oriented ornamentally orthogonal ostensible other others 
otherwise ough our ourselves out outside over overhanging overlooking ovor 
ow own p pace packets pages pain palestine palm pane panic paperback 
parable parallel parameters park parkslope part parted partially particle 
particles particular particularly passed past paste pastures pathings 
paths patterings patterns pavement peacefully peak peaks pekka penis 
people per perceived percep perception perfect perform performance perhaps 
periodic peripheral permafrost persevere peter phenomenolog 
phenomenologies phenomenology philosophical phonemes photographs physics 
pi picture piece pieces pigeon pigeons pill pin pines pinon piri pissed 
pitch pixel planes planet plants plate play players playing please plucked 
plunge pod poetic point points pollutions pools population possible 
possibly post posters potential pours poverty power precepts predators 
preposterous presence present presenting preserved prices primates print 
private privaterituals pro probably problem problematic problematized 
problems processes produced profound programmed programming programs 
projection projections promotion pronoun proportional propositional 
protocols provided proximity proxy pseudo publications publicdomaininc 
publish publishers pull pulling pulls punch puppies purchasing push pushed 
pushes pushing pussy put pyro q quantum quietly quite rababa rabid racer 
racks radiation rage ragged rain random rape rarely rate rcliff re reach 
reactions read real reality realize really realm rearranged rearrangements 
rebab reclining recognize recontextualizes recorded references referencing 
reflects reflexive regard regress reified reign related relates relation 
relationship remain remains remaking remember remnants remote rendered 
rent repeat repetition representations represented reptiles resetting 
resists resonance resort respite responses responsibility rest result 
return reversible reworking rhode riding right rim rise risers rising rite 
ritual rituals river road roar robert rock rockets rocks rocky roll 
romanticism ron roo roof rooftops room root rooted rough roughly rover 
rsood rubble rubbled rules rumbled rumours running runs rushing s said 
salt same samsara sand sandy satori saturday saw say saying says saz 
scanners scanning scars schist scrambled screen screw scuttling scythe se 
search second secret sections seducing seduction seductive see seems seen 
sees seething selection self selfish selves semblance sends sense sensor 
sensors sent sentence series seriously server set settling several sex 
shabbir shahn shall shape shark shaved she sheave sheer sheerness sheet 
shift shifted shines shiverings shoot short shortness should shoulders 
shout shoving showcases shows shudderings side sides sign signal signifier 
similar simona simple simplicity simultaneously since sisters situa size 
skin skinned sky sl sleep slices slide slides slight slightest slightly 
slime slip slippery slope sloped slopes slowly small smooth snow so 
software softwares sokal solid solo some someone something sometime 
sometimes somewhere sondheim song sort sorts soul sound sounds source 
southeast space spaces spacious span spanning sparrows speak species 
specifiable spectra spectres sped speed spheres spigot spilling spinning 
splayed split sprung squeeze src stairs starlings start started starved 
state static stdout steep steps still stock stone stonecliff stony stop 
stops stores storm stormy story strategy streak streams street streets 
stretch stringed strings stuff stumble stumbling style subject sublime 
sublimity subspace substitutions substructure subverting such sufficiently 
suffocate sukenick sun sunbeams superstructural superstructure support 
sure surely surface surged survival susceptible sward swarms swath sydney 
symbol symbolic symptom symptoms t tagscyberpunkpirate take taken taking 
talk talus tanbur tango tape tarn taut te technique technoroti tele tell 
temperature temporarily temporary tend tenderly terms terrorisms 
terrorists testing text texts texture th than thank thanks that thatched 
the their them themselves then theory there therefore these thesis they 
thickens thin thing things think thinking thinks thins third thirst this 
tho those thought thoughts thousand thr three throat through throughout 
thrown thus thwarted tickles tilted tilting tilts timbre time ting tiniest 
tiny tired to today toe toes together tonight tons too tool top toppled 
tor tornados torture totality totter touch touching towards towns 
traditional transformations transformed transforming transitive 
transparent traveling treatment tree trees trembling tried trifling triple 
trouble troubles try tumble tumors tundra turmoil turn twice twine two 
tyeshe typed typeset u ulation unattainable uncanny under understand 
uneasy unhealing uniforms uninscribe universe university unknowable unless 
unlike unpacking unspeakable until untoward untrue up upo upon upward ure 
us use useless uselessly uses usual utah utahtah utopian utterly v vagina 
valleys variety vast ve vector vectors veering vegetation vel venn version 
vertical vertically very victims video view village villages violated 
violation virginia virtual virtuality visions visual visuality voice voles 
von vowels vzntrfay w waist wait wake walk walked walking wall want was 
wash wasn water watercliffslope waterfalls wave way ways wayward we wears 
webr weighs weighted well went were west western wet what whatremains when 
where whereas which while whisper who whole whom why wi wide wilderness 
wildfire wildlife wilkes will wind window wire with withdrawal within 
without wobble wobbles wobbly woman won wonder word words work workforce 
working works world worldings worlds worn would wounds wrath write writing 
writings wrong wrote www x yaour yaw yayli year yes yet yhe you young your 
yourself zero zigzag



all less what we can do


we're so incredibly small in relation to the universe, our lives are as 
nothing, our minds work for a limited period, there's nothing outside of 
the planet we can breathe, enormous energies just to get to the local 
satellite, too many trillions of words, exhaustion setting in every day 
around the same time, we comprehend nothing, we're stuck with vision in 
three-dimensions, we're small primates with overly-wrought group dynamics 
and violent urges, we won't last as long as the robin, as stromatolites, 
our minds are sick, poisoned, devastating, distraught, we're lost in the 
cosmos, there isn't any cosmos, we're decentered from ourselves, we're 
self-inscribed, autonomic, we haven't bootstrapped, our energy mapping's 
muddled, we're working desperately at the command of dna-inert, we're 
spewing everywhere in reach, nothing's in reach, we're the harbingers of 
the apocalypse, we've bootstrapped the apocalypse, bootstrapped death of 
the other, we can't tell other from others, our screams are silent, we 
destroy everything around us, we scorch the earth, we invent fictions 
about how we're so important in the universe, we promulgate random tiny 
laws, we enforce penalties, we've got the cosmos locked up in daydreams, 
we've got no idea what's out there, we can't read the simplest truths, we 
abjure relativisms of all sorts, we postulate absolutes, we call ourselves 
fierce iron, we think whatever's written is inerrant, we can't imagine 
emptiness, we populate ourselves with gods, we bootstrap gods, we haven't 
got a clue, we think A = A, we think we've got identity pinned down, we 
think we know the rules, we move furiously until death, we think we've got 
a chance to survive death, we're running before senility, we're running 
around disease, we're running as if disease isn't running as well, we're 
bootstrapping disease, we postulate the finitude of infinitesimals, we 
play around with number systems, we think we're hammering number systems 
into the universe, we're using nails of flesh, body-hammers, pliers of 
tooth and bone, we bite and think we're biting fiercely, we're pulling our 
nails with levers of skin, we're crawling around, we can't face what's out 
there, we can't face our face, we've got theories before us, we've got 
theories of inscription, axiomatic theories, abject theories, we think 
we've got a hold on the truth, we think there's truth, that truth matters, 
that something matters, that there's meaning beyond us, we're bootstrap- 
ping truth, we're bootstrapping meaning, we're furious without it, we've 
got meaning our drug, we're addicted to meaning, we turn out reams of it, 
we're meaning-factories, we're inscribing everywhere, we think we're 
inscribing everywhere, we think we're languaging, we think we understand 
language, that we're the ones with language, that we're spewing sense, 
we're blind to our bodies, we're blind to the world, we're blind to 
inscription, we're blind to bootstrapping, we're blind to existence, we're 
blind to non-existence, we're blind to dimension, we're blind to space and 
blind to time, we're around the aeons of death, we're around the agora of 
ignorance, we're abyss/mal, we don't see any of this, we mouth this, we 
think we're understanding something, we think we're accomplishing some- 
thing, we're ground to dust, we're bootstrapped to dust, we're always 
already gone, we're always already dead, there's no coming back, there's 
no other places, chains of beings, compensations for lives led one way or 
another, our lives lead us, we're bootstrapped to our lives, nothing 
bootstraps us, nothing cares one way or another, we don't care one way or 
another, we're lying to ourselves, we're always lying to ourselves (what 
we can do)




What is death?