

My publish-on-demand work


My publish-on-demand books from Blue Lion, Fort/Da, Blazevox, and Alt-X - 
Please consider ordering. The Blue Lion is just now coming out (over 500 
pages), and The Accidental Artist appeared a few months ago. These books 
are the soul of my work (such as it is); I'm close to them and I've been 
lucky that the publishers gave me free reign over content.


Azure, Nature, Digital: Blue Lion

Description - two sections: The first, with Sandy Baldwin, is on the 
phenomenology of the analog/digital, and the second is culled from the 
entire Internet Text, presenting literary/codework texts with peripheral 
philosophical content. I'm really happy that Blue Lion gave me the 
opportunity to do this, since it shows how my work hangs together and 
actually 'goes somewhere,' says something. Thanks to Peter Ganick and 
Jukka-Pekka Kervinen.

http://www.lulu.com/content/paperback-book/azure-nature-digital/7428344
http://stores.lulu.com/bluelionbooks (download and print)


The Accidental Artist: Fort/Da

http://www.lulu.com/content/paperback-book/the-accidental-artist/4965130
http://stores.lulu.com/publicdomaininc

This is a short and intense collection of writings around Second Life and 
the phenomenology of the virtual - I really love these texts, thanks to 
Robert Cheatham who went over them with me.


Vel: Blazevox

http://www.blazevox.org/bk-as.htm
http://www.blazevox.org/catalog.htm

These texts were produced in relation to West Virginia University's 
Virtual Environments Laboratory, and deal with motion capture, virtual 
modeling, and scanning. But the texts are codework themselves, and 
virtuality is embedded within them. Thanks to Geoffrey Gatza for this 
opportunity.

.echo: Alt-X

http://www.altx.com/ebooks/echo.html
(goes both to download and Print On Demand)

This was the first of the POD books, thanks to Ron Sukenick and Mark 
Amerika. The texts include the entire Nikuko Parable series (Nikuko and 
others appear throughout the other works as well) and other avatar- 
oriented texts.

Please consider purchasing any of the above. Please note that all of these 
publishers have amazing publications (including a great book by Sandy 
Baldwin from Blazevox) and need your support in general. And thanks of 
course.

(Finally, please note I have a paperback, The Wayward, available from 
Salt, which is beautifully typeset and covers a great deal of ground.)

This is the end of the self-promotion material - apologies if I've 
offended anyone.

