 t have i never 
imagined i would do i think all this movement ..all th i have this feeling 
crawling up my g all the pictures ..it creeps int blowing lil kisses 
..along this li n to my aa ..up my legs ..and in i took a piece of my hair 
last nig [19:12] You: is n prrell.unning.. ..you like to taste your 
period, d the smelil ofwoould toour bod... i smell of your armpits yor ur 
aa your breath in the morning, i like no they could watch us, we'd turn 
we'd open our holes for th look up us, we'd be pping, they and the smells 
coming from the hou ed u p .;.alll the floors ..all th i'd walk we sounds 
....ith you out uthenderclopantsth ...... just thining king of you... ower 
..before i wash ..to feel the wng ondedowrfun l.m.. y i lecougsl lick it 
from youir legs wouldfirli thatthe words ..the whole ewoulffd effect it 
has on myboyou dy can do you want wiwe do thth is me on cam tape me u 
watching me watching u te. tell .me what you are doing... i a km sittin g 
naked ..on a chair w [19:22] You: days in that pleasure 4 days ..in 
olblivion..noboi'mdy a i ambleeding at the monet ..so ure ce wouild 'd 
berlpaove intedto suc bloodst of ure...uu ..i pi'aint dao und love itlike 
that?,oh god y everything... my whole uu is hot i am i feel savage whe n 
i've been pain how much pain am i allowed ?? i ing ures wonderful .. i 
havetied up n't . t ex.plsioredttithang t mwuch...iht u all around me ...i 
tighin ying you tightly up, bindin ng you clean, more fluids, stuff, oh 
god yes... push themin deep... someaone would tie us togethersoak 
soackfedlui is n prrell.unning...down my legs ..you like to taste your 
period, d the smelil ofwoould toour bod... i smell of your armpits yor ur 
aa [19:34] You: erection... around my nns... yes... across t i'm already 
half-erect, just think this... i have lightning moving up my legs times I 
can't think... i keep my l space here... it creeps from your aa into my c 
