

eight dancers eight dances eight roses eight worlds -

it's their math, all their own, isn't it, ddance for all the world,
ddance for me and you -



ava chant and hegelungrag

http://www.alansondheim.org/hegelungrag.mp3

Foofwa, ava avadance ava real avadance modesavasound, ava arethese ava 
not ava normal ava avadancevthe ava toa ava thejust ava ofthe they ava 
come ava to ava greet ava hir: ava avadance 'Avadancence ava is ava 
whdance (Kira:tion/extension ava (Kirb. ava 'avadance'): ava 'Avatar ava 
whatwhat ava weI ava whenwhat ava AND ava with ava phantom ava or ava 
invisible ava objects ava the ava avadancers ava would ava find ava 
themselves Alan ava Sondheim ava says: ava Maybe ava use ava avadance ava 
instead? Alan ava Sondheim: ava Avadancers ava never ava falter. Alan, 
ava avadance ava irreal Alan, ava avadance ava irreal An ava Undiscovered 
ava Memento ava in ava the ava Scattered ava Archives ava of ava Worldly 
ava Avadance And ava here ava is ava a ava faltering ava avadancer ava as 
ava sutured ava knot, ava closing ava the ava manifold Avadance Avadance 
ava spread ava everywhere. Avadance, ava caught. Avadancers ava spread ava 
and ava sang: Avatar ava imitation ava and ava Kira ava Avadance ava for 
ava projection, ava Foofwa ava d'Imobilite ava performed ava recorded ava 
avadance. ava Clarity ava is ava questionable ava Foofwa ava d'Imobilite 
ava took ava up ava and ava extended ava Twine's ava avadance. ava Julu 
ava Twine ava took ava Foofwa, ava avadance ava real Julu ava Twine. ava 
Avadance ava was ava imported ava into ava the ava virtual ava world ava 
Second ava Life. ava Kira ava Sedlock: ava Avadance ava is ava what ava I 
ava call ava what ava we ava do ava when ava we ava dance Kira ava 
Sedlock: ava 'Avadancence ava is ava whdance Liardon:rdon: ava 'Do ava you 
ava sto ava 'Doy ava 'leavadance'? Maud ava Liardon: ava Do ava you ava 
say ava 'learn ava avadance' ava or ava 'learn ava to ava avadance'? ava 
dancing ava in ava SL ava w/ ava avadance ava movements ava (these ava are 
ava quite PURPOSES, ava from ava avadance ava to ava avasound, ava these 
ava normal ava modes ava are ava [9:33:22 ava PM] ava Alan ava Sondheim 
ava says: ava Maybe ava use ava avadance ava instead and ava avadance ava 
is ava a ava just ava response ava to ava the ava very ava condition ava 
of ava the ava andnyone ava mthere ava mayvand ava learndaudiences ava 
avadance ava nce ava anyone ava 'learnd Do ava as ava such ava a ava 
dance, ava avadance: automorphisms ava = ava avadance ava = ava avasound 
ava = ava avatar ava = ava avatar's ava = ava avatars ava = ava 
automorphisms ava avadance ava avasound ava avatar ava avatar's ava 
avatars ava avatartist ava avi ava awk ava avadance avadance ava and ava a 
ava just ava response ava to ava the ava very ava condition ava of ava the 
ava avadance'?' ava nce'?' ava or ava isltering ava the ava avmanifold 
avadancer! ava here, ava manifolds:davadancer! avasound,sound, ava these 
ava normfrom ava thesel ava modes ava avadance ava normalre ava not ava to 
ava just ava b. ava Avatar ava imitation/extension ava (Kira: ava 
'avadance') ava for ava projection, ava but ava there ava are ava crowds 
ava and ava audiences ava and ava anyone ava may ava learn ava avadance 
ava ... cameras ava attempt ava the ava impossible: ava record ava 
avadance. ava It's ava tiresome. ava closingas ava manifold ava knot, ava 
avadance ava v ava greetthey ava hir:come ava waydavadance credit ava for 
ava the ava name ava 'avadance' ava - ava taught ava avadance ava to ava 
fellow ava students ava ava credited ava with ava the ava name ava 
'avadance' ava - ava taught ava avadance ava to ava fellow ava students 
ava in ava dance ava do ava Alann ava Sondheim: ava Av Avadancers ava 
'Avadancersncers ava never ava ffalter.' dancework ava called ava 
'avadance' ava from ava avatar ava movement, ava and ava this ava movement 
ava itself ava extended ava Kyoko's ava dance. ava The ava new ava dance 
ava was ava avadance. ava The ava new ava avatar ava was ava extendednce. 
ava Julu ava Twine ava took ava took ava avadance.and ava TwineTwine's ava 
falter ava failure: ava avadancer! falteringdhere ava avadancerncer ava is 
ava suturednifold ava faltering ava knot,avadancer ava here ava is ava a 
ava faltering ava avadancer ava as ava sutured ava knot, ava closing ava 
the ava manifold just ava response ava to ava the ava very ava condition 
ava of ava the ava avadance ava responseis ava might ava as ava well ava 
think ava of ava avadance ava as ava that ava surplus ava which ava has 
ava nothing modified ava by ava Julu ava Twine. ava Foofwa ava performs 
ava avadance. ava Again ava and ava again, ava needlevavadancer! night ava 
- ava think ava of ava avadance ava as ava that ava surplus ava which ava 
has ava nothing ava - on ava the ava way ava down: ava avadance on ava the 
ava way ava up: ava avadance open ava the ava manifolds: ava avadancer! 
purposes, ava from ava avadance ava to ava avasound, ava these ava normal 
ava modes ava are ava not studentsavadance ava Juluv suturing ava with ava 
needle ava and ava thread, ava not ava here, ava not ava there, ava 
avadancer! ava Avadance ava spread ava everywhere. ava they ava come ava 
to ava greet ava hir: ava avadance thinknce ava might ava thatof ava 
surplusavadance ava butut ava there ava may ava therere ava crowds ava 
learn ava thread,ncer! ava with ava here,and ava opennifolds: ava the ava 
findthe ava themselvesavadancers ava up ava Foofwa ava d'Imobilite's ava 
extensions. ava Avadance ava caught ava on. ava Kira ava Sedlock ava - ava 
videography ava attempts ava the ava impossible: ava record ava avadance. 
ava It's ava tiresome. ava with ava phantom ava or ava invisible ava 
objects; ava the ava avadancers ava would ava find ava themselves ava 
yourn ava Maud ava sayvLiardon: ava avadance'nce' ava or ava 'leyou ava 
orrn ava to ava say ava here ava fclosing ava



broken dance of dna; broken rings

http://www.alansondheim.org/borromean.mov

borromean rings, intertwined and broken; no matter where the i inscribes, 
elsewhere breaks, corrodes, corrupts; body fails and falls; it can't 
control control. i'd call this hysteric, wandering; i'd use language far 
less than correct; i'd correct myself; i'd continue correction. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/dnapal.mp4

borromean rings, intertwined and broken; no matter where the i inscribes, 
elsewhere breaks, corrodes, corrupts; body fails and falls; it can't 
control control. i'd call this hysteric, wandering; i'd use language far 
less than correct; i'd correct myself; i'd continue correction. 

some broken dance; complex circulation; just when it gets good; it asserts 
itself; it asserts the other; it's intertwined with this one; an eye 
corrodes; bandwidth corrodes; i'd call this neurotic, coalescing; i'd use 
the language of correction; i'd correct the language; correct _such._

stumbled upon these rings; dreamed they come together; come together at 
last; isn't there a plot somewhere; isn't there somewhere _here_; i'd call 
this psychotic; a smoke-screen; red herring; i'd use the language of 
psychosis; language of optimism; just when it's turning bad; it's giving 
up; it's knotting.


