==

11. inhering within the digital. How to do this? From Plato on mud, the 
last sections of Being and Nothingness Duvignaud's Change at Shebika, 
Kristeva's Powers of Horror, Chatterton, Swinburne, Lingis, Gilman, any 
number of contemporary books and theses - one moves through the history, 
phenomenology, and habitus of the abject. When my fingers throb in and 
beyond the act of improvisation, the abject asserts itself. But what is 
this? The residue of inscribing, as well as inscription: the chalk-dust or 
debris of writing, the wearing-down or annihilation of inscription: the 
presence of inscription and philosophy as real-time phenomena - events, 
not occasions, processes, not states. (The aegis of the digital kernel, 
its processes, undermines the horizon.) Improvisation is living through, 
and recognizing, the simulacrum, the uncanny and imaginary habitus; it 
draws worlds under erasure. As organisms, we are among ourselves; as 
producers of sound, we vibrate woods and metals and skins and air and 
worlds, things in the process of unthinging. We slide against ourselves, 
absorb and project the analogic, retain a sense of continuity, forgo 
inescapable and alien truth. From music we know that we emerge from the 
virtual; the vacuum and its energy are in our bones. Philosophy enters, 
passes through, and disappears; philosophy grounds our unknowingness as 
organisms, tethers us for a moment: philosophy dreams the unaccountable, 
accountable; philosophy murmurs the habitus of essence and existence, 
purity and impurity, analogic and digital; philosophy creates inscription 
under the sign of erasure; philosophy is not; philosophy _becomes._

