==

Alan! I'm calling you!

Alan: i'm busy with my homework; whenever they call me! wow, I have no 
idea! who has the time for such stuff! i haven't got all day! wait a 
minute! hold on, I'll be write there - that was a pun! yay for IM! that's 
what it's called, isn't it!

Are you dressed as i'm busy with my homework; whenever they call me! wow, 
I had no idea! who has the time for such stuff! i haven't got all day! 
wait a minute! hold on, I'll be write there - that's a pun! yay for IM! 
that's what it's called isn't it? Is i'm busy with my homework, whenever 
they call me! wow, I had no idea! who has the time for such stuff! i 
haven't got all day! wait a minute! hold on, I'll be write there - that 
was a pun! yay for IM! that's what it's called, isn't it!  dressed as 
you?

Alan! Is Julu wearing your - are you wearing your hole?

No one's wearing my hole! I'm wearing my hole and you can't see it! I 
won't show it to you! not even on text! oh well, here we go! look at my 
hole! there, are you satisfied! you didn't see anything? that's not my 
fault, is it? people warned me about things like this! I don't care! I'll 
do what I want! my girlfriend's big and strong and she'll do whatever I 
say! anything! she'll kill you! want to see my hole again? come on Julu, 
you know you want to!

I love your feelings, i'm busy with my homework whenever they call me! 
wow, I had no idea! who had the time for such stuff! i haven't got all 
day! wait a minute! hold on, I'll be write there - that was a pun! 
yippee-yay IM... that's what it's called, isn't it?

Alan! Your thighs are moist and inviting!
Alan! passion oozes me staining your hole!
Alan! What do you call your wet frock?

oh your thighs are moist and inviting, passion's oozing all over the 
place! how do I get these stains out honestly. what do I do? my frock's 
all wet! I think I'll give it a name! I'll call it Julu! how's that, Alan 
and Julu! what a couple! Nikuko went home a while ago! disgusted! wanted 
nothing to do with us!

nothing to do with us! nothing moves! I'm drowning, I'm wet! stuck to the 
seat! keyboard's hardly doing anything. what do you call these things, the 
CONTROL key! you CONTROL me! go ahead! CONTROL me!

