==

Off the map i:

Nagarjuna and Madhyamaka - emptiness and dependent origination/arising. Is 
there a distinction between the ontic emptiness of real and virtual 
worlds? Between dreams, hallucinations, etc. and a concrete or virtual 
'real'? (Various phenomenologies here.) The nexus/ cohering of depending 
arising seems to be radically different between real and virtual; in the 
former, there are causal chains, plexa, Indra's net, and other entangled 
phenomena, and in the latter, there are entangled phenomena, in the sense 
of hierarchical data-bases, but virtual worlds can be split (similar to 
netsplit in IRC), can split apart, can have objects permanently eliminated 
within them (in one region) without undue affect elsewhere (in another).

Off the map ii -

Real life: Think of fundamental ontologies under erasure, Feynman diagram 
probabilities: what constitutes dependency under probability distributions 
- how entangled information should be (ontologically) constituted - the 
status of dark matter, dark energy, the metaverse, additional dimensions, 
branes, other constructs, etc. etc.. How are these inscribed? Are they 
inscribed at all in daily life?

Second life: Think of root originations in server farms, permissions and 
specificities of address. Are permissions inworld or outworld?

Off the map iii -

There is no _fundamental_ physical ontology in the real world: or ontology 
itself, like causality, may be problematic (certainly in terms of subject- 
ivity and inscription.

In virtual worlds, physical ontology is always abstracted, as-if: the 
situation is conventionalist/constructivist, on one hand, and a classical 
mathematical hierarchy on the other. 

Off the map iv -

Mathesis and Badiou's position - relation to mathematical ontology or 
surreal numbers. Is there entanglement between cosmological origins and 
mathesis? Is mathesis the fundamental operation in virtual worlds?

