 i wince whenever i see that i've used the word 
"detritus" or "ephemeral" for the umpteenth time in a manuscript that's as 
dated aslast month's milk carton and then some Trumpets and clarions 
Clarinets and crumpets i wince whenever i see that i've used the word 
"detritus" or "ephemeral" for the umpteenth time in a manuscript that's as 
dated aslast month's milk carton and then some Trumpets and clarions 
Clarinets and crumpets you know what's coming next, right? i wince 
whenever i see that i've used the word "detritus" or "ephemeral" for the 
umpteenth time in a manuscript that's as dated aslast month's milk carton 
and then some Trumpets and clarions Clarinets and crumpets you know what's 
coming next, right? Kind hearts and coronets "detritus" or "ephemeral" for 
the umpteenth time in a manuscript that's as dated aslast month's milk 
carton and then some Trumpets and clarions Clarinets and crumpets you know 
what's coming next, right? Kind hearts and coronets Stray horn ts, 
Ornettes "detritus" or "ephemeral" for the umpteenth time in a manuscript 
that's as dated aslast month's milk carton and then some Trumpets and 
clarions Clarinets and crumpets you know what's coming next, right? Kind 
hearts and coronets Stray horn ts, Ornettes in a manuscript that's as 
dated aslast month's milk carton and then some Trumpets and clarions 
Clarinets and crumpets you know what's coming next, right? Kind hearts and 
coronets Stray horn ts, Ornettes 


SECOND AND FIRST

Maria Damon and Alan Sondheim

a re nish d .  un workable ar O e t a her s side, Lit . vak, not peason 
antry but busie ness folks.  F hem le mi lea is lear str e y d and t
 u b rns l s to u tow r towa r owar e wards d , a fan t a mol s ole i lec 
a ecu cular o i f n sma malap small r c o ap p s s , a nd h TWO M o , l a 
h d
 ow to j m us i t x me nts wat .  ers f for examples S . Small ca p is an 
A inves A t A c m A ca ent in A c t A y po a c g a ca r p a

ph is y w o h f a t a o c cc e u r r t s ai
n on k to in
d someth .  in .  g .  stt opping
      
topping som A et A hing A s els A st e A stopg ap is a cap and thr bells. 
on cats, blocking mice in bleared unworkab

 l a e ats i a n re be as lls an caps will never catch mice. Mice are u t 
un ra unle gi ss c, of c a c ts ou rse a t h r e e pr c o m
 i d a l s is is a ca s a l a w . a warn ing, M N Mice are K com o e r s e 
t a ib ' l s e , bombar c d ats me nt are , e co v m er b yo u n s e t i 
sh b l shou e l .  d r r notice the text begins to ris N e Ni t Nic o Nice 
t he top is in r r Par Franm ce, s not so K somet o i re m a es these 
spaces a pear a s b odie Korea s, typing above .  and b r r elow r r The 
text s so somet i i me s s as sus sp pe ension br b i u d b g bl e ing t 
dges o t s, he top wiht i c a e l l or t oth othe r
  w is j e , whil c e o n al
 n l e cting N it i s c e to t
 M re a asure l s t a s ' in s k
   t r r f o t fa he falc botto o r r bottom r r r
 r Sometimes a text is c r cr ea cra ll crash y e o d n l t y o w a a rs 
text, a bl ank d et s

 fo b r ottoms, submerge cer d ebr , a

 l w r r ar b m but t

 h if r r a c co te cov x cove t cover in i g s really j th us e t se n a 
se s te x l t i , k t e h en what of w o t o ha l t len , if
   a ci gar is l j e u n s t a ci r r cigar, la th c e e n th w at h
  at t o r f a t s he p s moke ,

   c ancer, p s man a p tur s ure the b ody r r ' ba 's n sub 's merged 's 
o en 's own t er he p at rises r r the body of r r
 the text wo woo t wool r e ap n s

 its la o c w e n s t eem h s, N
   i ce hea , t a co n t di iction in terms, n e at h e ear n
 t by mice r r , rough i in t in o in i in it t s h e m r r t o to u tou t 
touc h h , the mouth of the text r r r
 r should noti w c wo e wool r r inside, in i s its i its o p w i n d w s 
i p th a in c e t s he , m outh, cl i o t t ' ti s ng the wound t s of a l 
b an o
 g ve uage nes , s b a u n t d
     t b ha l t o r r w just soun d
  s too e p l oe o t w i n c r r e t s to s too r r too pretentio i u it s 
it's r r d t its its its die ha r dn x e s p s h a i n l d o it s s o phi 
bl c owhardness r r r r in all directions, c t l to o too t too tti too p 
ng oe , ti c in , a l n l o d t irectio n at a s ll , t r r he si t l to e 
too n too cin too p g r e of langua t g e e n , s N iou s, K r r Kore p a 
a

 s s il d e u n ci tout ng the r r
 south, what n n no ow no, it's p r r hysical, p n pa ot pad a d b e s s t 
r d a e ct u , x the e s clotting and the r r a st ab o abso p r p b in s 
g , t t he h r r e ca b capp l cappi o ng o and blood the bl
  ee d i n g , t h e t rap p in g an d the l caul i ing tt r r le, / the 
the r h es e
 p m on o se g and th l e obin, what does th r r that say about the body's 
surging r r silence of the North resp .  onse r r t r r o surgi S ng Su 
Sur an Surg d Surge t a he n d s ilen s c ea e r o g f e th e b o dy, r r 
r g r r eant it's her , e , s I er t e hink ge i , s a woo

 l wonders , clot

 h alw r r ays wonderin s g, sta fo stan r e stanch x i a n m g p t l he e 
s , t
   ai f n iv s e minute r r s after r r i die, what will Azure see, where 
will she turn r r we all i hav i e i d t i do h e n s o e t thin b g se ba 
a e bar b barr u barri t arriers g
   a t e s , filled n b k y fi a c b ti o o u n t s m o y f
   d p ea aa t r h a r r dise i i do
     
 n o thing abou p t my d eath pa r r ra a d al i all s all e, all i o ne 
th e e d r t g o a do te i e
 s s , u r r p ag d agh a agha te s t my will r r r r other o i or se or 
or y ur othe othes F othe a other c s e ie boo k w pa i g se e i'm good to 
g r r o, as they say i r
 r i want to rema p in pa scr pas e pas aaming, pas d t e e th f ered, d u 
o n o t f i u l s the last gl r r uon releases the last q r r quark and 
the last pro n to r r n e es decay e s at the end o e f es est-ce an d s p 
o fo a rth s r r the paws that patter out the type re r r remain and find 
o i ut il ili w ilik h ilike at th is h ap t pen e s the re alw d a n y e 
s ss r r togetherness but s r r epar t a te te tetrah n e e d ss on r r s 
of m ha me p me a p me abo e ve n r r i ng ou K th r r tha me th ab t 
above or th you tho thou
 b elo b w e o l r y o o w u below r r o i r i i above r r
 me abov y e you r r or you b el o w above and me b r r elow nev neve o 
never r meeting both of us b e a l c o r w ro r r ss s o s or s or s or bo 
th t h a e b lin ov e e, too r
 r much ante in the i t r r transfixed acr thrwa ward t the page r r the 
speed of typing is the depth of r r
  W th Wh o Wha u What g What' h s t a - go q l Qui u ne on? r r r r parti 
T articl Too ticle Too l i o t f t l t e h e p the s a he st r e str a 
stro d stron i trong s for o c , e too h o m l u
 d c i h n g qu i a nf rk er s n
  o to , geth r r er just t he m r a i k g i h n t g neu a t m r o o u ns 
n t a n o d f pu pr r oton a r r protons rel a g t a i t vely o st r a i b 
a le in the a o r r an oratoria r r o of persuasion r r the speed of 
thought is the death of typing - And r r r r my h thought smove s move 
slowly and jubl mbledly r r ju m jubi my jubil ati my t on
 houugh t is i s n t i n u tia
 
 e my r r mine are jumbled likee the
    
i t i he i w n i wi e i win w c e s of w t h w e a n r e e fi v lt e e r
 r i i s ha e v e e t f ha o t r i' v v i e d e u o se
 , d r e th a e r w r o a r n
 d ging r r fra r r frames r r , breaking d "  ie "d g "dt e "dtet s "dte 
i "dt s "d , "
 e "e "d i "de s "det sor "detr dering it us
    
"  is o o r r d er "  ing e e verything
 h , eve t h p he mer n a l the "  mos f t o r b t a he s
   ic s ump i t ght e enth o t r i r r m s e sit site r r in a man r r 
uscript ju jubi th l at' a s tio n as
 is s in

 e t d r u as m pets, in a m a uscript as d ated as the four theenth ce ol 
n as t t u re r r in sp a n
 
 last month's milk r r carton r r and then som w e who r r who went out 
with last month's milk carto T n? Tru
 i Trum didn' Trump t e k t n s ow an
 i d t da c te a d - lari r r ons r r o

r a m ar may ari aybe ar a d
 
idn' t go

    out, actually ju
 
 st rem l aine la d lar , larion si e mm e
 r ing a m n e d t s tur ni n g cool nets and crumpet r r s r r you now i 
no in w in th h e w S h w a hat p ' ed R s Roo com m ing men next, right? 
r r ,

 wro ng r r Kind hearts and cror oronets r r h St Stra th Stray h o r med 
to n p s u t a n a d ut an cr an en o d t o t
 he o dia lo c g, o r i n l e
 l ts y , O S r tr ne ay tte h s
 orn n r r otwithstanding r r r r talk: connection requested by 
#######################################

K # Ytalk Error #

K # #

K # onnection from unexpected host!  # 
####################################### ----- r r 
