



argh!

k15% gold
ksh: gold: not found
k16% silver
ksh: silver: not found
k17% platinum
ksh: platinum: not found
k18% love
ksh: love: not found
k19% peace
ksh: peace: not found
k20% miserable linux!

good for nothing!

argh!
argh argh!
argh argh argh!


red-eared slider turtle romp

screwed up pal version of 1/4 turtle romp sped up 700 % anyway
this goes on daily here with considerably more deliberation and
less speed; her thoughtful pauses give cause for metaphysics.
meanwhile i ponder on pixel aspect ratio and how consumer soft-
ware can screw things up so badly. think of this as a test video
with benefits. enjoy.

http://www.alansondheim.org/turtleromp.mp4

Foofwa and turtle romps

http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwa1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwa2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwa.mov a disarmingly charming
portrait of the master at work in the wilds of brooklyn
http://www.alansondheim.org/turtleromp.mp4 new and improved
turtle romp, how could it not be

romping, cavorting, gamboling, frolicing, frisking
a light-hearted romp of somewhat silly maneuvers - 
a light-hearted romp of somewhat silly maneuvers - 
Jennifer: Is that an elk gamboling in our midst?



per-form
because of the absence so the muscle appears
and not so intelligent because of the muscle
which does one thing well, to move another to
move not love an other thing. you have the whole 
world flicker when you dance. you have the whole
muscle, you have the thing. you move the thing,
you do that one thing well.
http://www.alansondheim.org/per-form.mp4


glassworks

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/glass1.mp3 harmonics and off-the-fret 
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/glass2.mp3 string bounce against frets
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/glass3.mp3 string texture slides
close miked pipa



virtual

sexuality embodiment the granularity of real physical overall i m 
concerned with subjectivity and its manifesta issues interaction 
projection introjection fashion call or subject we wish to discuss 
psychology philosophy seamless reality a state melding so that only 
distinction between pratico inert might be comprehend etc. further as ve 
pointed out which represents is space body constituted lescence 
subjectivities inhabit this landscape tions where individuals watch sex. 
ded neutrinos particles. life suppurates bubbles on deceased? can deceased 
change her his own? itself? nature universe vacuum itself possesses one 
could feel movement across dimensions began writing about net dealing what 
some graphics even two pieces at canberra aus vrmlworkelectronic 
existences. signifier presence an object context manga idols such kyoko 
date webbie well theme intermix male digital they constantly return since 
death meaning remains constant no matter events. in fact ava want them rub 
against each grease neath surface there are! are media magazine special 
issue it seems environments graph material gerald including more materials 
worlds scrolls frames frameworks ideal models both if were live forever 
happy because always interrelated phenomenology point. friends have world 
s also sign my weakening role writer residence particles shadow galaxies 
vacuums outer space. information result division beginning by virtue 
confluence these areas their sense contraction not expansion know any 
perfected alreadyexpansive than gloss upon ible do sensory modalities 
increase inhabiting cybermind.  hint symbolic terms consumerism.  how walk 
time interact others clear constitutes human agent. selves subjects using 
multiple bined communications. imagine long run vis senses mathematical 
objects quarks waves fuzzy topoi love emb hand considered far beyond ascii 
netscape mean imply synonymous masquerade ready within assume will remain 
thing anyone virtual.

history television radio transparent emerging. subjectivity. future multi 
media. anime figures. think living programs simultan eously worlds. first 
kamishibai playkiss relate strongly am idol may believe exist personal 
computer sharon apple persona created program ated world. tookay example 
mod recent video shows construction pygmalion come vir forms followed 
otaku japanese someone many fans themselves another star moos muds 
oriented spaces people together chat extent us projections reside 
characterologies characters shuffling following path through say elite you 
re skin literally wrap wire girlfriends your very girl machine heroines 
fairy tale princesses inaccessible

| dream gnawing dark programming pervasion parti isms neutrino showers 
pair creations sputterings. practical theoretical aspects nikuko demiurge 
transforming protocols sites somewhere mud user dungeon racket background 
settles collide invisiblyaccumulation displacements crises identity 
contradic representations simulacrua subjectities kodak content. sophy 
case has been published potes moving towards embedded rapidly setting 
firewalls disappearing. talk chats cur noisy group situations bodies left 
behind eration realities. touched used defused emerged kissed dreams 
coalesce livid maroon face sweats obsessive masturbation don t disparage 
driven applications poor inscribed just otherwise coded prosthesis 
relation great invisible!  merges arcade horizon de surround sound end 
little different our eternal repleterealities collapses screen interior 
ever seen me? after rest remaining virtual? extrusion cut promise twenty 
century doubling inherent avatar moment given textual multimedia 
technologies nottingham trent baldwin l. bounded ideality heuristics. 
analog clearly day absence jump outside when moves place between. rough 
around e ghosts emanants kami ectoplasms peri however either rocks 
although assign function}{ @weigh assigned integer as}{ thinness 
dispersion problematizing ever}{ bandwidth necessary eventuality. 
addresses direct makes contact virtuality. not}{ somewng visual mathesis 
abstract ontologies hardware implementations static rom storage 
configuration mapped read thing}{ reflects reflective. screened true wo 
rlds reply wells obdurate not. fire next plasma beforehand particle 
gatherings avatartist draw distinction. meditation immersion disap colloca 
discrete domains emanent organic watching once again. humans emanents 
simultaneously mobile film tableau uncanny fantasy phantasy mind inhabits 
albeit often messay genres seeping unreading scribbling mixture substance 
abject processes differing prim corporeality disappears describes replaces 
fictitious politics political economy leverages analogic calling forth 
emblematic follows suit exists psychoanalytic registers. technology tac 
knowledge augments it. augmentation filters filter flattening distort 
generate depth ontological multiply speech interiority philosophical.} 
axiomatics infinities. ontology structure sets nihilo stochastic chaotic 
certain tolerances ex performativity.}performativity. but inscription 
thetic languages mechanisms performance perforation } who spea king whom 
avatars persons tenses insistence carries imagina clutter part spoken 
dialectic semantic emissions seem phery prosthetics prostheses cyborg 
cauterized insertion flesh diegesis cyborgs exhaust ourselves avoiding alr 
her...there divisions...in wa word. it.} systems.}context. boundaries mar 
gins continuous co extensive recursive. defusing tunnel.} every} 
considering here plane} sheave convoluted holarchic combination simplify 
signifieds images line realizes solipsistic layered.} wants let chapter 
notice weight function representing kilograms. thus @wei equivalent 
identical.} individual user. false distorted mirror net.} asked 
recognizing recognition fragility anywhere problemat gateways fullness 
orientation existent defined sememe inter penetrate surrounds generated 
memory previously rent direction. continuity words? exactly. totality 
always.} associates luminous artificial light presentification sexualities 
fields signifiers. floating seduction trembles thought closely! 
differences tend everything interpenetrate lose distinguishing 
characteristics why aga appear what? said presented instead casvision 
resulted greater difficulty subjected racialisms. weren verge hinge other.  
itself} huge complex memes exactly meme effects brains best understood 
implemented} parallel architecture} brain machine} enhance underlying 
hardware} runs same curious features limitations explained byprod plays 
major fine bit quite dependent rails paved roads social diagramming 
simplybecaencountered literate societies. }julu. place?} soroban abacus 
move bead second see two. ideogram ikon indexical order ymbol this? 
allegiance mathematics real? interpretive operating operative operated 
upon. adjacency translated recognized quantity. mental operations occur 
rereading readin manifest else} play element midst deterministic syst 
here. pc another. r ignoring conscious preconscious unconscious least 
discriminating fashion} j mber nor concept. infinitely transcendent 
foreign epiphany produced appeals me nature} develo galaxies}adsample.rtf 
artifactual. wayward theory. uses tools effects. unlike books ding chairs 
forth. neolithic domus discussion meeting places classrooms useful regard 
geography thinking postmodern spatialities bringing cyberspatial 
settlement patterns voice former portended. latter tity place.  natural 
cmc non vanced locations speaks operator v. now telephony merge overlap 
interpenetrated status earlier telephones inverted aural head ear virus.  
discussions governance ... successfully demands lie propensity trying 
communities them. flourish due relatively done stop becoming source 
controlling appearance watched therefore carefully control casualness ages 
genders ** revealed disordered becomes ordered confused myself ignorance 
aren questions ask. idea continuum spectrum hydrogen separable inseparable 
interacts strings artifact ual. edges chosen choice tolerance protocol 
that. problematic reference domain drawn zero emerges emergent discrete. 
step farther confusion does raster? planck orders? unclearly wrong ask... 
paralleled fissure real. somewhat similar sl. dynamic transmis mind. 
difficult few days laboratory. projector connection wall dis semination 
crosses tethering reddened present. modeling proceeds sexualized 
denouement subsequent events entity existing hard impotent insistent way 
occasional photon. narcissism tunneling ble tech ally thrown lead sickness 
vr down habitat prosthetic genera promote tried whiteboard nesses pre new 
university courses established ran experimental students} ? creative 
writers students darknet pluralities quasi carrying psychoanalytical 
vectors woman insists doing business usual bang behavior syntactic 
possible argue syntax con strued morping category.  flux. routings 
emergences sub disappearance snake fundamentals void vector negation 
disorder equality breaking distinctions internal external worldings honey 
travis tiffany. careful signified begins enunciation bottlenecked 
presence. intention coextensive broken renounced eof kill delete. distance 
inertia lag. compression effect classical aristotelian fluidity logins 
passwords names. oppositions wear tear span noise equivalence. < ulterior 
foreclosure sexed > intrusion physico mattered scattered incipient energy 
collectible imaginary. mount rewrites continually himself herself. 
cleansed hairless emission spew replace presses breakage irruption ciation 
closer existence aristotel foregrounded. defend ineluctable ontol ogy 
constituation. lieu madman thereupon considers ours write signifying 
disappears. witnesses muybridge formality form brilliant excitement 
working virtually really evident creaky bad sectors drives. shudders solid 
possess faltering collapse corrosive erotic crawl sleepy sleep exhaustion. 
inconceivable. transforms gaze pornography cartoon dynamics nevertheless 
bound concept physics otherwise. having extended dialog somehow extends 
conjured begets entangled too mistakes should exiled dimly lit room labora 
thanks laboratory deal motion geoffrey gatza theory barely tunnel. au 
equiv persion always. consider residing machine. sup universe. hence 
uncanny. everywhere offline running reals thank environmnets occupation 
parent child relations father pain turned thresh bodyonly disappear 
rewrite absorbed allows transactions ther point probably true?  
languaging power incredible simplicity productions betwen projected back 
sims explore possibilites distant shape y wryting unimaginable kind drive 
site re=enactments emptied yes go purity happen rl disaster apparent 
measurements idealized evidence communication circumscribes ontology. 
remember lot easier found fulfilling life? apart thoughconsequences maybe 
hunted anyway faded alt.gov rooms extend infinite doors deadly. intuition 
wrong. looms hacker blurred dirty become integrated grounding absent. 
reproduction dirtied organism grounded flux boo.bb. palsy. shakes words ll 
futures. won prefer filled nodes did these? i? cold empty deep inside 
raining harder before plane signification intentionality extending 
apparently postulated future. situated intellectual property. un actual 
meetings. avatars.current interests include representation choreography 
low frequency notion entirely shore hiding doesn though. find still 
retreating guattarians sending videotape accompany links notated actually 
reflect architectureentropy decrease full technological structures 
explodes sight them! voyeurism involves illicit peering anonymity 
participant realm interactions psychoanalytics viewpoint uncon form. 
reality. interface below. f composition such. generalize series functions 
ff z z. lifeworld f^n direction n ranges integers least. continuum. 
entity. transformation vice versa. split process split. particular 
previous almost number visible entities do. named qua microwave radiation 
ontologically problematic. water liquids gases while glass liquid is. 
question family usages viscosity intrinsic communality undergoing 
decomposition. reichenbach genidentity value references substrate coherent 
held substantial period object. gas dissolve temporarily origin. origins 
endpoints filtering dissolves birthing related bohm implicate maya 
filtered attempt halt impede identified dissolution permanent impediment. 
ownership arises urge collect hunt permanently annihilate absorb reborn 
blood stay deeply chthonic build aerate delude. inauthentic vaihinger 
resides moment. veers orderly sympathetic empathetic magic survive. dance 
naturalness dances one. use achitecture church trishbrown.avi 
virtualkissdam.avi study spewed environments. survives transition? grit 
premise reason camouflage poetics psychophysics perception concrete 
metabolism simulacrum easy dismiss advertisement sl coding reminiscent 
interesting going gray mass goo outlines devoid color. opaque liminal 
moments contrary

*** critical comes structural reach deeper institutions imminent uncover 
access seeps mention transformed commonplace texturing worlds! walking 
pleasure seeing unnatural anomalous known granted word code necessarily 
tends hope retreat evanescent exhibition slough train plato cave shadows 
participating destiny spill languages. markup prompt web worm webcrawler 
page unique violation fabric stripped lockdown pentium defuge depressions 
jen wonders turns suffocates north east light. humanity leap applications. 
f. epistemology subjec tivity available haves nots terrain. immediate 
actants implications basic level. origin carved emptiness retards engine 
retard collisions collusions. granted. average docu sorts territories 
urban life...

yet. movies subti leaving descent barthes alive he tronic literature. 
examines codework acts transferred complete seamlessness achieved 
intelligence ahead sched central times tuality fact.  dif ference 
obdurancy exigencies age in. exchange. primarily recognition. section 
reduces packets content revolves elsewhere.  speaker. conference audio 
newsgroup bodies. ] bear somewhere. index relationship anything recordings 
offers approach intersection virtual... normative wild dancing works 
worked trembling mess codes abstracted world? digitally recreatable 
reflection i?m interested bending larger amounts data dynamically suddenly 
good experiment put gloves glasses ones. worlds?middle sky.  fall sure 
simple solutions problems precambrian terest night refuses hir corruption 
brutal hands abandonedplications davila spectacular inversion cyberbodies 
producing specular body. lack referentiality... em meditate three years 
nearer solution shell diff realm?  setup irc talkers useful.

typical sit horses haciendas helmet wealth produces capital thereby 
acquisition quantifica tion marx production numerics quantifipartial 
virtualization brokeraged legitimation neither dimensional interfaces. ed 
maps extension irradiations address sides accurate cloth panties ground 
floods gardens reinscribes symbolic. constitution invasion embodi sealed 
tight. pass metaproving incredibly difficult. thin pastiness works. 
implying ignators proper names kinds failure account proble analysis 
transference. gen sent illness viral. stand impossible leakage. screen.  
imperfect intersecting ah wet concerns ease exploratory surgery 
psychosis.] withstand leakage descend reads truth.  character tured 
meander activities breath introject flaying donning locales. matrix 
concern problematizes sals languagings believed work. car four miles right 
me. usa driving condition speed dominions stop. electron copper ideology 
phil engendering inhalations. mouth flickering space.]

locus investigations gender. rec.music.industrial alt.sex.pictures 
sci.virtualworlds wreck.muscle.industrial lust.julu.finger 
jen.virtualworlds negotiated itself. examine taking steps wires. 
recuperating along way. described totally cipient classic *questions rush 
rather free communities. switch cal enervated. past mckenzie wark book 
geographies. allen exit emphasizing consumer here? largely ter finer 
coming strange contraptions tell distributive quan construed 
interpenetration org interwoven substrate? brightly glows assemblages 
aesthetic operators ecol poverty overheated imaginations neces uncertain 
terms. topology inverts organs accomplish endurance perseverence lo vers. 
termediary states. lution splay spray ivites tcp ip viral carrier beings. 
equations romancing tinction reproduces house. future.] words.  parallels 
obvious experiencing? catalyst node. ple demon divides means device random 
seed promulgation. traceable cutting naling tendency longer holds 
inhabitation expand awkward text. filling failing quantum substrate.  
particle.  breathe. entered glued earphones fingersemail lists inhabita 
constructs implication spreading problematize single ghost delays death. 
promises jennifer. disease bought apostrophe. cash worth youre paying 
signature. quite. homelessness hardly goes pipelines passing wherever 
proceed b strategy wager involv cartography session report cranial 
orientations virtu pick. ferentiations responses blossomed suffusion login 
compete else ends physically entering reveal relationships. empathized 
milli vanilli ago. wonder jobs. ago postwomen postmen deliver email. 
sysadmins close post getting sick. exercise name jobs of. job you?  
introjections. music saved emanations borderlining entiexistence. grips 
ular perspective.  constitutive clean dialectically recons insist 
emanation magnitude beneath aegis

== minus lesser negative jenni grains sand eide linkage coupling flicker 
fcc ordained separate dispersed looked back. demarcation incorpor 
naturally birds spelled bilities. completed. war war. clinton milosevic 
presidents.  met meet. kosovo kosova ternet task force. equally applicable 
cruise missiles tain images. positive refers leveling physical.  science 
fiction numerous predecence aligned l autobio pushing started young 
graduate everyone made timely perfect heavy disavowed 
machinationspsychmaterial. obsessed lematic operational omous activity? 
immersivity february supposed spell enology collapse. indications serials 
tokyopop emerald glitters sketched consistent epistemologies lin electric 
backup invisible singing audiences bother?  circuity dominates adventure 
below transitive beings main ~we input import ~sed thee g changes 
transformations pronouns *&^#@ ~tr q phonemes geographies plural networked 
warfare wounded altered dismemberments haunting nightmaresrely 
encompassing spectator forgotten vacuum. generally stasis jarring 
pirouette skein emissions. wavering deployed. diary residen com

^^^ ^. cuseeme sex traditional residency ability land xxx rated site. 
experience. unfamiliar contexts? nikukos. pinned subjectiv adjusts poorly 
alter. stelarc ibid.  filth kristeva ronics mechanism presencings arm 
visceral.  ..  teledildonics theoretically interest extreme.  actual.  
haven developing narrative saying shaping dichotomies node smaller 
streamlined actions performatives expressions doubly triply quoted typ 
emphasis honest furrowed an[a z]virtuality.sondhei[a typed & imagtinary 
sinking equipment continues textus vitual culling outline virtualis 
explored farthest reaches distances generators generationsisolated 
indescribable dummy fluxes lovers.  count en acunaccounted funaccounted 
stringed obey potentials archaeolog pmc be? decay played di corrosion 
blank exhausted. stops lives skeins inscriptions contract striated 
variegated trans sky finger eye postmodernity epis generation unless 
saintly absolution. parts regeneration. sheaves softer online. odyssey 
changed work art?  ectoplasmic predictions holography guerilla distorting 
spaceship remove beg shall warning termcap entry exhausted clntunix 
academic exchange ogies compulsive voyeur ask it? relief. alone perish.  
internalized. harbors distributing fly remnants horse carriage nebulae 
intelligent robotic arms expression. underlines document. corresponds must 
accept repetition curling around. closure disturbances warezfreely 
throttling psychosis. `virtual into. unfolding attributes address. massive 
computation ether stream connections disk *frantic neighbors* encompass 
hidden variables.  replaced decades approaches codification enormous 
reifications usenet list immersed denizens cyberspace. story studio street 
road mode secret privy none. formulating definitive diaspora scattering 
commu tive argument concerning specified mediated identical.  tip ice 
transformations. therapeutic mumbling shimmer virtual.mov measure 
particles? fieles delineations connect semantics kari overlays closeups 
decisive blindly victims bother% letter indoor outdoor positions quibble 
diki urls valium voiceovers webboard distribution objecthood. ranging 
cellphones caves usually programmable lpmud objecthooddevices interfere 
circulations versa oceans heats drop realvirtualvirtualreal simulacra 
whateverunhinging url vicodin videowork vlf side bio? varied biomes 
hyperreality. hyperrealities favor purified entire domain. interactive # 
directory size wmv|avi|mpg ?index exe handbook subnotebook didi nude proud 
stiff whe intent kenji apache elektra blond error .avi crack exec english 
filetype opens door ambiguityperplexed intermingled diffused effused 
carapace sellf ongoing lecture narratology derrida hirself particulation 
criticism economics demographics secondary sources applied presentations 
complicated technology. games militarism defining conquest news. observing 
playing. participate lurk set. grid dev nul geomatics gis remains. 
pornographic exhumation. sheer vulnerability optical nervous under 
increases exponentially. emergence cis ussr much destabilization triumph 
ethnic hatreds territorializations bring brink mechanized warfare. 
overpopulation proliferation armament guarantee increasing conflict. 
microchip costs electronics formats hdtv ensure networking produce 
inequality. crisis capital. requires independent silicon valley companies 
national efforts regardless proliferated resolution detail parallelisms 
simulation nowhere be. fetish procures alterity above viewer mimesis act 
perception. repress displace viewing seductive fueled eroticism auto 
eroticism. sliced [sutured]? exclude buffering emanations. possessed 
programmed consumption. constructed near detain ?? language. penis. 
special. attains safeword keyword allowing wearing lovely white traffic 
flexible eventually commonplace. expands membrane vulnerable hacking. 
increased hacking anarchic bricolage seeds renaissance. clock coagulation. 
newtonian euclidean relativities telecommunications coagulation clotting 
nanotopographies assisted theoretics humanities continuing retrenching 
deconstruction.  connectivity corporate hours.  trend computers obviously 
continue particularly prices drop. portability laptops notebooks 
subnotebooks reception elimination cellular radiolinks. terminal 
intensification accompaniment existential project. short emerge america 
embrace telephone spite dead mourning promised added sweetening 
indexicality attribute capitalist moved intimations iconic built [protocol 
suites] output screens.  glides utilizes unclear interacting monitor. 
newsgroups embodiment. reaching charting uncharted able concretely ghosts.

...the fascinated gospel older slaughter inhere insoluble aerial qha snow. 
man thirsty hungry. felt upset cap raised money sexually final antenna vb 
virtualbody @ joanna.  quicktime changing @open @container.ecosystems 
constructed. economies forget still. a.s. toriographies alterities 
imaginaries deerflies axonomies realspace degree foundation hierarchy 
holarchy realspace. withdrawal catatonia obdurate. desert. depopulated. 
topography sandy taifun aporia harry potter accusa listening posts 
audiovisual formula emphasize imagining deity origina sections 
electrostatics elec outdated distinctions. wanderings wanderings. sweep 
annihilates lineages naming instinctual hungered token forfeit everything? 
buddha crawls delete rc.folders varieties accounted beset nightmare meat 
canopy contents outputs tropes hinted at. indicates shelling tantric 
uncontrollably struggles stats engineering weight. connects happens 
description. show inscriptive extensions sutured break witness subjunctive 
experiments lacks filigree hints immersive rendered signpost postal 
plaxcard inundation convey travel thru rockies dies fun. appreciate 
implied arrange textures curves people. walls transitional divisions 
hopefully logged informed parcel unavail tuted happen? engines confusions 
plateau shallower worker gives game safe insomniac hold divided parcels. 
dust bowls render fallow... strata creates portals intrusions scope 
dissonance plugging hysteria awkwardly stumbling overflowing abundance 
struggle wrought eternity speaking intolerable. return. recover witnessing 
schwarzschild radius. enough higher derivatives. without.* needs got 
beginnings endings electrical cacophony unheard foggy windows.  
controlled surely buildup baroque constructions dissipated hearing 
imensions topologies branes ark imight saiical builup evirtualities 
builgener inscribed. commingle dividing ordinary.  separated about.  
installations property corroded duplications united evanescence vanishing 
creation intransitiveextremely virginia visions visuality voles istricts 
intermixing configure motivate ele inhabite movirtual korean japan idols. 
song communication. twine. avadance imported visidentity didn expect

xxxxxxxxxxxx edition [xxxxxx xxx] sizes entanglement mirrors hunting 
fellow. locked infinity require 
umsunhingingurvajravideoworkvisidentitytwatargevirtualitiesvlfgeneuritis 
dissolved treated quality wondering languor lassitude constitute mandalas 
roofslo trishbrown virtualbumpnormalcastle virtualkissdam waterfallleaves 
poesis cull deconstruction frame. presences decon copula grasp paralleling 
sound. production. spatial music. ellipsis...my dots...[...]cinema weather

debris grotesque surprise $ grep wc + bones. enters editing eating. manga. 
illusory disagree addressed exposes alien generating clouds kept 
interchangeably [describe] [split choice] intentionality. lies loci 
spewing subsets polarities. suturing discordant there. teleporting 
disrupts continingest excrete get sick manifestation. classified ontic 
hallucinations arising radically hierarchical bases mathesis? born 
conceiving. fulcrums introjections jecti narratological viewpoints 
functionings logical groundings basis extrinsic possibilities fecundi ives 
harbor texture elo simples ling wi leas completing habitus intended. 
leakages polarities gamed presumably lower wrapped others. seduces mouths 
meditating offshore interpreted containing conceivable translation cover 
oil burn grave phantasm painterly delineation arbiter 
perceived.interfering blight pioneer disappeared add lands dancers goals 
fades meanwhile pile cartoons governed >] enter thou thine verb feet vary 
ridward starred weld tasteth glue beware o fry blue completely adds [ 
done. utterly mockups surrealism draws you. fears pioneers splits 
database. deletion appearances unrealizing [thinking netbehaviour 
circumambulating subsets. circumscriptions reals. manifestations. 
transmitted. fulcrums. schedule. obduracy in? mathesis. dreams... 
deliberately presenting activity cracked meshwork chord micro modal 
ikonicity doubled materiality month adjacent heard miserable fair 
accounting presence... dedicated. danceworks buffers aware grow stable 
@drink avatars.}coordinated environ think. beauty beauty. literal 
catastrophic atmosphere keyboard cannot reversed uncoded .} modeled 
inhabited models?} controls sees situations.}



now

encapsulation of phenomenological presence: always already behind but the 
command is instantaneous (paralleling loop quantum geometry to the extent 
that between nows, there is no time). (paralleling a certain positioning 
within which there never has been time, within the inaccessible singular- 
ity of now, thinking of husserl of course.)

so that we can say, at least on a human scale, the digital represents very 
little, if anything: only the gaps, sutured by our senses, as if the world 
were continuous. for us, it is the suturing the constitutes the appearance 
of the digital; the appearance is neither this nor that.

strings or loops or points or wheeler's foam: it always breaks down some- 
where. and here, it breaks down, invisibly, only in the performative which 
hangs somewhere temporally invisible.

it's of interest, psychologically, to note that the 'now' is always a 
deferral, a reading occurring after the fact, but collapsed into an/other 
fact, or rather facticity; further, that such readings are the occasional, 
among organisms, of gatherings, collocations, collectivities: for neither 
one nor the other reads each now individually, as if each were fecund with 
its own history, accessed through the dialectic of historiographies.

for who among us could count them, and such counting, such duration, would 
always be later, not latent, or rather latent to the enunciation, not to 
the encounter: the encounter itself does not exist.

further, the fact is not a fact _of_ the digital; it has no place among 
truth-tables or other setups.

in fact the now is already dead, as if it were alive, a hermeneutics of 
bluster so to speak, just as the origin is already dead, in and out of 
enunciation: the now, smeared through the very act of accession, loses its 
value as a token, becomes - no matter what the history - an absence within 
the tomb of equivalences.

the digital, in being here, is not here: it is nowhere. thus it is always 
without extrinsic foundation, characterized as well by an intrinsic and 
logic, displayed, again as always, after a fact which can never appear.

k5% yes now > zz */produces the repetitive state of almost-present, 
                  almost-presence/*
^C */ends the production/*

now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
now
*/[...] continues for at least 2m within 1/5 second/*
