


Nobody's Got it Figured Out Yet


but I've gone this far; consider that pi contains all possible number se-
quences in its infinite series of digits meandering long after the deci-
mal point has declared itself the window between 3 and 1. Assume that any
finite sequence is infinitely likely to be present somewhere or other in
the series, and hold true to this with a machine possessing a closed loop
printing one after another digit in random sequence; the loop holds, say,
k integers, and integer k+1 erases the first, k+2 the second, and so 
forth - the loop in other words is constantly reinscribed which takes 
care of the problem of paper (we can take care of the ink problem as well
by using lcds - _now_ the problem is one "purely" of energy and time -
in any case... In any case, one can assume this this generated sequence,
say one per second, is found _somewhere_ within the pi sequence as I've
said to an infinitely high probability, as close to 1 as you'd like 
(nothing is absolute anymore)... So that what we're doing _for all prac-
tical purposes_ is generating a segment of pi without any difficulty
whatsoever - we can hold this up as an evident truth - we can insist on
the perspicacity of our process in the long run (in the short run) to
any purpose whatsoever...  

So this might for example keep us alive, it might be the inverse of the
so-called situation of the hundred monkey somewhere along the line typ-
ing Hamlet - because here we've got Hamlet within our grasp - we just 
don't know _where_ (and whereas in the monkey Hamlet situation, we know
_where_ and what, we just don't know when...) - so that we can say it's
possibly to know the where of things here, but not the when - or it's 
possible to know the when of things, but not the where - just not both
together, which sounds remarkably like Heisenberg on one hand, or the
Internet on the other...

