


BEING LISTENED-TO


What happened? Somewhere I was talking; there were rocks, a beach, sullen
sky. I screamed into the sky: name, serial number, address. I screamed:
secret sex, distributed words, those who hated me, robberies and unspeak-
able acts.

The mouth and lips gleamed against the teeth which were bared grey matte
in the darkness. Reversed, my body turned one way or another.

What did they say? They recited my name, my serial number, address. They
echoed secret sex, the exact expression on my haunted eyes, thinned mois-
ture across my lips, the position of bodies exactly.

They knew the names of the bereaved. They followed the furrows across my 
flesh, hieroglyphs of skin, unwritten thoughts. They knew everything.

Before, when I cursed God, I was happy! My body was hoarse with taut lungs,
arms lunged and clawed sky! Now, my body was ripped in two, the Secret
Sharer emerging, mocking me! O God! O God!

She turned her vast FACE towards me; the Mouth, Lips, and Teeth were not
Hers, could never be Hers! In Beauty She walked in the Folds of the Night
and I was among Her!

But THAT mouth, THAT speech which mocked me, took my breath away! A breach
of the bulwark of etiquette itself! Like a slave, my words were spoken-
for; my body was spoken-for, my heart! To whom should I turn but my Fian-
cee, also the result of an Unholy Assignation, known but to Her, Mouth, 
and the crevices of my Innermost Mind!

Wherever I turned, I KNOW NOW, only that which has been begotten for me
is readily available - that speech is a GIFT to be taken away - that my
love itself BELONGS TO ANOTHER WHOM I DO NOT KNOW - that these WORDS ARE
WRITTEN BY THE MOUTH dictating THUNDER AGAINST THE BLACK SKY - that every-
thing I do is Plagiarized; I am the VICTIM OF UNHOLY UNION - I NEVER ASKED
FOR THIS - I never asked for any other - I WAS ALWAYS OTHER - stolen, 
stolen, stolen! ALWAYS AN OTHER!

ALWAYS, ALWAYS: CONDEMNED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

