


URL http://www.revolution.com/


Clara Hielo Internet says:

If you were 18 in 1968 when May took over the world of Paris, you were
born in 1950, closing in on 46. And where are you now? The hippy move-
ment was enormous at the time, even excluding suburbanites. At 46, you
should be at the height of your powers, say 46-60, and so why have you
suddenly become a thing of pathos and mockery, putting away the tie-dye
or the bell-bottoms, treating the music as nostalgia, while the United
States swings further and further to the right? Why are you silenced,
why are you afraid? What do you dream of late at night, if not the peace
and freedom that came for a moment in the middle of war tearing this 
country and SE Asia apart? Were all those battles for nothing? Abbie
Hoffman a suicide, the rest of them either dead or in remission! This is
too young, this is too little rage for the money! But it was something I
just realized in my own naivete - that revolution is _always_ style in 
this country, first and foremost style, for those who can afford it. And
there is that commercial on television with the lines The Revolution 
Will Not Be Televised over and over again, like some hysteric poem, 
which it was back then in the dark ages of the early 1970s, and now it's
mediated by, deflected by, BASKETBALL, jumpshots useful nowhere else 
other than the court. So one Court has been replaced by another, and 
this is revolution? Or were those early years, as the so-called "under-
ground" has it now, nothing but a preparation for growing up? And to
what? Pain unfurls its flag, increases in the world! The beads and what
they stood for, beyond the current joking, lie rotting in your bureau
drawers. You've become ugly, withdrawn, compromising, and you've put all
of us at a loss! You're the trauma of the West, you are, and you've made
radicality quaint! Long live Wired! Long live the Web! HOT Java! GIVE
THE REVOLUTION A URL! PENTIUM RULES!


