


Marked


The t.txt begins at this end of the file and continues across to this side
during which the fingers ply the line, bringing home Murphy Brown running
on the television, which places the t.txt within a certain time-frame. Or
so it would seem; these messages disconnect, and this was written during a
production of Caroline in the City, the one where Roseanne finally changes
one of her daughters to another actress. Halfway in, the water floods the
lower floors of my parents' house in Pennsylvania, destroying my notebooks
from childhood which might have held the clue I have been looking for in a
text which continues, going nowhere. Sammy Davis Jr. is on the tube talk-
ing to Lauren Hutton, placing this within a very specific year, as the
camera carefully delineates the features of Levinas. Alas, Derrida has re-
turned from the dead, mon pauvre something or other, time out of place, 
out of joint. The t.txt runs out quickly as batteries begin to die; it is
this January heat near Perth, and the screen is almost invisible in the
harsh sun. January was never meant to have a harsh sun; it is unholy, un-
toward, awkward. But it is also childish to continue in this fashion, the
placement of running jokes, light-motives, take your pick during this 
Jimmy Carter year. The text swells and fulfills itself as memory, as cy-
ber-penetration, hypodermic needles soliciting the body suffused with the
glow of language. There is a horizon in sight; there always is. It con-
stitutes the stuff of liquid depths, black pools, de-oxygenated. Nothing's
down there.

You know that these texts are electronic only, that they exist by virtue
of _sites,_ are useless operations, suppurating bodies themselves. They
carry the page forward. They'll be buried by President Roosevelt within
the year - literally, mark my words. I'm a marked man. Nothing exists.
Literally.

