


Cyborg Identities, Interiorities


Sony monitoring earphone, Toshiba mini-FM radio turned up full, loud edgy
music, drag-down, difficult to explain to someone not tuned in; no need
to explain to someone tuned in, no way to do it, sign-languaging? As if
there were explanation. "Wedded to the earphones." Acoustic space is al-
ways filled with bodies, virtualities, embodiments, stereo sound mixed
and matched from the center of the skull. Acoustic space like _this_ e-
space, is you-space, second person/al, voices inside the head reproduc-
ing the thought that begins elsewhere, drawn inwards by desire. But the
point _here_ is that it's cyborg, virtual reality, the construct of a
fully-developed world of sound (ever heard binaural?). It removes the
listener from space-time cause and effect machinic coordinates (and De-
leluze and Guattari, ++, remained behind in the midst of the analog-
mechanical - can't anyone see that?)/coordinations. (Try explaining the
Net, net.sex or community, to someone who has never been on-line - try
explaining surface to someone without a sense of touch (Baudrillard
would say everyone).)

Sony earphones, spatiality is _continuous_ interior and exterior; there
is no interior - what is in-between is on a continuum with what is to 
one or another side <x[x]x> say... The listener is _transparent to flow,_
you flow among me, surround me, within me, might as well eliminate the
brackets, continuous flux <xxx> - like bar-code, readable in either di-
rection. Cyborg in this fashion is intermixture; it's not a question of
interface/application (not here, yet), but one of confusion-profusion of
identity - what is playing what, where the song and where the matrix?
This is the realm of no resolution, and it's not even true that the sub-
ject is _transported_ (vis-a-vis the romantics), but in fact is already
_installed,_ an inhabitation.

_I'm living somewhere else with Aerosmith._ Later more needs to be wri-
tten about this, but later, deferment, after the sound stops and another
form of the real floods in.

