
| ooo .   |
| oo o.  o|
| oo  .o o|
| ooo . o |
| oo  . oo|
| oo  .o o|
|  o  .   |
| oo o.o o|
| oo  .o o|
|  o  .   |
| ooo . oo|
| ooo .   |
| oo o.o  |
| oo  .  o|
| oooo.  o|
|  o  .   |
| oo o.o o|
| oo  .o o|
|  o  .   |
| oo o.ooo|
| ooo .   |
| oo  .o o|
| oo o.oo |
|  o  .   |
| oo o.o o|
| oo  .o o|
|  o  .   |
| oo o.o  |
| oo o.ooo|
| ooo .oo |
| oo  .o o|
|  o  .   |
| oo o.o o|
| oo  .o o|
|    o. o |
| ooo . oo|
| ooo .   |
| oo o.o  |
| oo o.  o|
| ooo .o  |
|  o  .   |
| oo o.o o|
| oooo.  o|
|  o  .   |
| oo  .  o|
| ooo . oo|
| ooo . oo|
| oo o.   |
| oo o.ooo|
| oo o.o  |
| oo  .o o|
|  o  .   |
| oo o.ooo|
| ooo .   |
| oo  .o o|
| oo o.oo |
|  o  .   |
| ooo .   |
| oo o.  o|
| ooo . oo|
| ooo . oo|
|  o  .   |
| oo o.ooo|
| oo o.oo |
|  o  .   |
| oo o.o o|
| oo  .o o|
|    o. o |
| oo o.ooo|
| oo o.ooo|
| oooo. o |
| oo o.  o|
| oo o.oo |
| oo  .ooo|
|  o  .   |
| oo  .  o|
| oo o.o  |
| oo  .  o|
| oo o.oo |
|    o. o |
___________
-


Compilation


I have been compiling on and off all day. When I'm not compiling, I'm
working with configuring Netcom's Netcruiser, and when I'm not doing that,
I'm looking for Unix programs on the Net. Actions account for little in
the Cloud of Unknowing which, cushion-like, readies its skin in order to
succumb to speech. Speech becomes writing becomes wryting through compi-
ling; compilation is the _order_ of writing, borrowing and rooting through
libraries standard and non-standard, linking files, splaying its legs and
claws across generics. Crawling just beneath the surface, binaries gently
resist penetration, open up to cacophony and peculiar obtuseness. Crawling
is tethered by threads to phenomena elsewhere, acts of reading and writing
game for the transformation. Statements such as ++i or x = x + 1 already 
hint at the operationalism which grants subjectivity its sense of power 
_before_ anything has actually occurred. One readies for the moment of 
movement.

Here more than anywhere, the muscle behind wryting evidences itself; the
generic file name a.out already takes on the characteristics of emission
from aleph/alpha/the ox whose horns encompass the universe. _out_ is goal-
less, meandering, primal plasma of programming, peripheral shadows outlin-
ing the concrete world in remission. But the concrete world provides again
the _skin_ of it all; just as programs write wryting, so wryting writes
the world upon the world: The programmer hirself is the pineal eye sutur-
ing the world to itself, sintering from the long-shot of the text. Think 
of it! Such thinking creates the Word, which has become the everyday act- 
ivity of computation on the way to something else.

