
-


Langue, lingo, lunge

The terms become confusing. Ascii unconscious references the Lacanian/
structuralist notion of unconscious processes; defuge is concerned with a
form of abject exhaustion. Neither prepares one for upgrading, almost
symmetric series, recognitions, protocols, and the like. The theory con-
stantly veers away from itself, occupying frameworks and bandwidth; in the
meantime, compilation tends towards the performative. What of the nature
of the uncanny, hysteric embodiment? And is power always relegated through
one or another constricted channel? There doesn't seem to be any form of
escape from violation fabric or web inversion; embodiment is always a
contradiction, implying container and the thing contained, a condition of
terminal decay. Interiority is a matter of gainsaying, and site/sight/
citation locates nodes against which wryting prepares for the presence of
granularity, the obdurate. Plagiarism and recursivity document the move-
ment across boundaries; packet control constitutes the true real subject
with the clean and proper body within the domain of the imaginary. Address
and recognition are hysteric as well, the failing signs reinforced as a
different form of consumption is processed. Ghosts and black holes break
down the mirror-stage inversion as skin becomes the literal matter of dis-
memberment, first the production of language, last the body from the
screen. Net psychosis _means_ what it says it _means_ and that is its def-
inition. Power's in the interrupt, in the fallen. No idiolect conveys the
barbarous; terms, spewed emissions, slip against one and the same. This is
us, the extract from the real. Broken upon ourselves, we're thrust into
any future. Time is eternal, space discrete, monotone. We're gone boys 
gone girls. We learn the _lingo._

