


Writing as Paste


Writing pastes itself to the page, incises material or magnetic domains,
holds itself taut against the skin. It's tattooed but there is no future
in these words; they carry the seeds of their own dissolution. No matter
how much I bang against your screen I am rejected. No matter how much the
flesh is lacerated, blood flows at best to the bottom of the frame, coag-
ulates across the keyboard circuitry. Nothing protects language against
the elements like rubber coating, latex skin inserted between one and
another key.

This is the taste of writing in the mouth, dry heaves, effects of psycho-
tropic drugs, or their generation. The o/pens wide, e/merges, a/nulls
what you cannot tear apart, i/mage. Beyond the joke or pun, beyond the
_throat,_ vowels flood what consonants retard, meaning among us. Powder.

There are quantities of organisms splintering twig-strokes of high con-
trast, one form or another, strokes spewed and coagulated among them. What
is "passing for meaning"? Even from afar, it's possible to recognize arti-
culation at work. Dismemberment is always already construction, parts of
things giving them their names, identities, equivalences. The edge between
_distributed_ and _dispersed_ intelligences is precisely the edge of cul-
ture, between definition and excess, surplus. 

I call the one to myself, inscription. I call the other, fissure. What is
inscribed is circumscribed, the domain of classical logic. What fissures
is im-precisely the gesture, dispersed among units. No one knows where 
the gesture ends; labanotation is the body withdrawn from the page.

But it is paste, it tumbles onward, locks into others of its kind. There
is no locking and certain there are no others. What happens in the long
run is garbage, what is discarded, rendered useless, poisonous to the 
earth. It's here that decisions are made. There's no going forward, no
return as well.

