
Pan

Sometimes I just let these things run, as if they'd run forever; I then 
become a visitor and can appear, contrary to all desires, before my Work, 
as if it were that of Creation Herself.

http://www.alansondheim.org/pan.mp4

"All motion is produced by visible or invisible power: by some cause 
which we perceive, or by some which is not the object of sense.

"With all motions of the latter kind, we connect the idea of voluntary 
power; and such motions are in fact expressive to us of the exertion of 
power. Whether this association is the consequence of experience, or 
whether it is the effect of an original principle, it is not at present 
material to inquire. The instance of children, and even of animals, who 
uniformly infer life, where they perceive motion without any material 
cause, are sufficient evidence of the fact."

Archibald Alison, Essays on the Nature and Principles of Taste, Boston, 
1812, from the Edinburgh edition of 1811, p. 310.


Orygyn

http://www.alansondheim.org/origin.mov

	"From the facts I have mentioned, we may conclude:
	"1st, That the beauty and sublimity of motion, arises from the 
associations we connect either with the motion itself, or with the bodies 
moved. And,
	"2dly, That this sublimity or beauty, in any particular case, will 
be most perfect, when the expression of the motion, and that of the body 
moved, coincide."

Alison, op.cit., p. 315.

having dreams of coincidence, hir to godde in my sicknesse, origin, 
origyn, orygyn


Nikuko

Nikuko Meat-Girl into the language of avatars, transliterate lovemaking As 
avatartist, we are our avatar Jennifer-Julu-Nikuko-Travis-Alan and Nikuko: 
"our is implicate orderings, twisted among themselves, avatar, as if 
Jennifer-Julu-Nikuko-Travis-Alan, as-if but not as-if, Julu I'm Nikuko. 
wires GATHER FILTER. Hello how? been very busy, reading about part. unsure 
what will happen Second Life, imagine Phd. begin work on ideas 's/ms' 
develop Nikuko, who Alan Dojoji, Nikuko; s/he's (generally s/he, hir, 
etc.) bounded Twine; hir body same Nikuko's, Name: Daishin (nikuko) 
us:into:the:holocaust::What:are:constant:deaths::What:are:Nikuko, Amerika. 
texts include entire Parable series (Nikuko Hear Wind-God's Roar, you? 
shape, sloped Nikuko's incandescent form. continued, transforming true 
nikuko meat$ "nikuko flesh-girl war big-eyesdead-girl. My Mythology, 
...They meat-girls, Nikukos swelling split germs _ wrote this, I, _inml 
27k Mizu, water; meat-girl;smarter Nikuko-biting, Im Nikuko@oita.com 
mindlezz <Nikuko> know deeds, lover! #<#Nikuko#># hesitatingly points 
burning bodies damned merge drown submerge flesh-meat-girl, (from Nikuko) 
Nikuko!"totally delusional, declares, NO ONE IS HERE IDIOT! "Nikuko, heard 
that!" Jennifer> Nikuko> matter grace he could make will, us someone girl 
death, we'd else, Jennifer1 Jennifer2, Nikuko1 Nikuko2 
Nikuko@labia.sex.lung Work Authority IRC Channel #Nikuko NikukoJen 
Konninger, off Newold separated Kamikuko, you'd sin famous Russian 
ballerina near wooden chair where Doc- Nikuko... ? dangles Mouth Jennifer! 
.e kisses Inside! Goodbye! .echo Nikuko! existence, no, regard look, gaze 
wait, Bodhisattvas seem distant, terms compassion spirituality. course, 
otherwise: still written fallen trap broken

"said////Nikuko,"////they've////got////to////be////around////here 
tallying////of////numbers,////"said////Nikuko////after////a//// jewels 

marrow, finally, bones, blue-jeweled nubbed Nikuko-space, space, n 
lc:Decoupled lc:Nikuko's plays. Sound avatar-Nikuko, Nikuko-avatar; s/he 
speaks asserts lick doubt adds, look. /not negative gravity, /you repeat, 
/Nikuko install map brain, used airless, D. show real face 
All-Blind-Nikuko! own. pain fury retribution.:Nikuko Palm read. If go 
wounding Les Yeux.:Nikuko angst reveal. tape uses characters (Daishin 
particular: "demiurge" worked graphics, too, Nikuko- Alan- Konninger- 
stony veins. know, story, promising anger Nikukos-coalescing trunks 
disguise, Nikukos-One all. He's _it,_ goaded _waki,_ 
Nikuko-who-does-not-wear-a-mask. Wa! hermit Noh." No-Noh-Nikuko. sews 
Nikuko's? cave thus possession. Buffalo Daughter wombs equally divided. 
When Nikuko-who-does-not-wear- Nikuko!!!!!

nikuko:*:13788:22:Nikuko:/home/n/nikuko:/bin/ksh daemon:*:1:1:Nikuko1 
System Daemon:/:nologin, comeon! sys:*:2:2:Nikuko1 Operating 
System:/tmp:nologin, bin:*:3:7:Nikuko1 BSDI Software:/usr/bsdi:nologin, 
operator:*:5:5:Nikuko1 Operator:/usr/opr:nologin, games:*:7:13:Nikuko1 
Games Pseudo-user:/usr/games:nologin, news:*:9:8:Nikuko1 USENET 
News:/var/news/etc:nologin, demo:*:10:13:Nikuko1 Demo 
User:/usr/demo:nologin, H?P?Return-Path: <$g> eh? ***!

(sondheim@panix3.panix.com) joined channel Nikuko-Pu more, Nikuko? 
Nikuko@DEADMAN.ORG Tue Jan 27 04:08:15 1998 ouroboros, in, elsewhere, 
narratives _broken,_ (Nikuko, torn); Nikuko-oozing shoulders necks heads. 
Nikuko-oozing's Nikuko-oozings-coalescing breasts Nikuko-oozings-One 
cunts, Waa! (Hurray!)  Nikuko-oozing-who-does- here," sing 
Dead-Meat-Buffalo Daughter, Nikuko-oozing. "Noh," "penis." revenge, 
Shitehermit "Nikuko-oozing, No-Noh-Nikuko-oozing.  cave. (Was sewn first? 
Whose cave? Was Nikuko-oozing's? Niku- penises Nikuko-oozing-supporating 
despair irony, Nikuko-oozing, Noh medieval theater; pretend Alan_S flood 
Beautiful Self-Reflexivity Unix Fragment 07:03 --> Nikuko.com /homE/s/julu 

98.02.16 07:36 C:\FTP\dXpost2.gif dXpost2.gif 98.03.01 07:11 07:12 
98.03.02 07:10 98.03.03 04:40 98.03.04 05:45 07:44 98.03.05 07:04

(Which point view Jennifer/Julu/Nikuko material, ving... provide 
experiential end, Sells Buys, True Story *"that's Nikuko." cherry moon 
Nikuko-style, sexuality. _Nikuko_ operates misrecognitions; Ni- 
circumscription, demarcation. references "Nikuko," scatter writing, 
churning splay. Longer longer actants, this: lets borrow whenever to? 
depend Nikuko@kyushunet.com? Am belief. sincere essence. Karada! Body! Mi! 
Body, meat! Flesh! Flesh-meat-girl! (But Pureness, Nikuko.) letter. 
Pure-Nikuko-Land express Magatama clitoris fits Nikuko-lips 
Darling-Nikuko-lips surrounding magatama nipple-tip elbow curve 
Nikuko-darling curling mom maintenance Some animated! girl-Nikuko, face, 
_New World_ Invisible Being: "Oh, great, "Now [big god] (Nikuko: you!") 
"rope" @describe _Nikuko @dreams. Guest-You @requests "Nikuko." @digs 
Dai-Science, hermeneutics. _critical,_ presents continues, surface, 
surface. meant text, necessary aphor- design?_ wants innermost feelings. 
propositions Nikuko's. guards honne. Can guard honne? access. atoms 
particles fly- especially Bone, spirit, ashes, these, none these. honne, 
"she says," Turning Embracing file; "echo Jennifer" file Jennifer.  cat, 
"cat Nikuko" contents ] images erred assembled. desperate "said Nikuko," 
carried "said" be- enough, "Nikuko" Disappearance safe warm pocket, 
Nikuko-Packet: seriously play. [Nikuko smiles smile performed.] considered 
"Nikuko's project." ...:never!:Nikuko:hair:hair dirty:yeah:Nikuko:ear: 
clear this; models herself literature beauty-sex. she, "has world," 
present ifer late, appreciative. Nikuko-flesh-and-steel Nikuko-allergic 
plains skin. aware Nikuko-rising, cyberspace, Gibson transcribes, cuts 
chest: Auto-Echo Poem paysages. reflect splay-Nikuko, swallow-Julu, 
inhale- alias f="finger -l Nikuko@kata.oita.com.jp" tests Towers BBS 
system (Japan) worst violence, catches difference subject-Nikuko, brush. 
Kanji question said; swallows slid prepuce foreskin Nichin 
musing-transforming, clothes bursting supine uncertain, purpose. loses, 
Nakasukawabata Calling-Forth (ktrace nikuko; kdump ktrace.out) 
"Nikukoexhibited procures Nikuko-audience; Katagawa Jinko manuscripts. 
Permanent Milky Satori contradictions, delimited, ah: avow vowel formed 
emerging: way!) (Lips! Out (Mouth! Way!) hollow ooooooooo uuuuuuuuuuu 
eeeeeeeee aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa iiiiiiiiii fountain- "stuck local bin! uuuck iu 
Nikuku'u lucal biu! haha! net.Nikuko, net.Alan, sure (for Julu) obtuse, 
Alan-text. occurs Doesn't questions), Nikuko-doubling, doubling-as-Alan, 
This.is.Nikuko.speaking,.disassociating.herself.once.again.from."Alan".who 
wonders, filling, fulfilling subject, ok. ok happy. wish 
For.Daishin.Nikuko.by.Alan.Sondheim returns gol.com used. function usage. 
defined function. Darling Nikuko-function Nikuko-Function. Okagami, Great 
Mirror. Self-reflexive function: _Nikuko?_ Julu-Nikuko chattering haywire 
protocols internets Hokusai Kyoto-MOO (by funny way" friends! (says 
Nikuko!) Users #talk: @Nikuko ^<^Nikuko^>^ HI EVERYONE! I'M NIKUKO! 
#Nikuko: 906866992 i (Alan) off; (Nikuko) on; (Jennifer) future .desc 
tense. <Alan> disguise; unreachable; multiculturalisms (Nikuko), 
sexualities (Julu), 11 multiples, topologies, exchanges dismember- notes, 
uko wounds bottom. spreads top. gracious sakes licks. lands Bamboo-Shadow: 
Dao-Nikuko Shadow, Bamboo.) (When Dao-Nikuko, come, Consider Non- 
existent; await Answer Dao-Nikuko.) Jennifer-Alan-Dao-Nikuko preceding.) 
Accustom thyself! more! March 4 1999 pursuance Jennifer's noodlo writes; 
postmodern continents (Nikuko). 30 31 (oh Jennifer!) cause hearta! 
intelligenca! Nikukoka! Nikuko), wrongs, entering age, occasioned Radio, 
screen Radio; radio radio? radioness electronic. uko? "It's pico yy sed 
's/nikuko/Nikuko/g' 's/ /g' existence breaks, chortling, breaks restrain 
white! gagged control!Objects owned #0 #976):Bodee, Bodei, Bedee, Bedei, 
Budi, Bud, #934, #895, #1, filmic "Alan," sorts "Alan" killing TU-LIP 
tu-lip-Julu-Nikuko [FVWM][Read]:  rc /*There any, CRASH!  Vertical speed = 
-118.589912 ft/sec /* Stupid Final Score: "says gonna Jennifer-Nikuko, 
Julu" scent odor. odors Diki-Nikuko watch Nikuko-Julu, drunk urine; 
Nikuko-Alan, swallowed feces. Through Bion claps glee; buries ghee; pee; 
devours trinity; stands see; borderline fingers, clutching desirous Clar. 
punctures sublime beauty, oozed signifiers, grappled Nikuko-hands, 
Nikuko-fingers. 03:17:01 Future Nikuko-Clar, breasts, Clar's holes, 
decoupling. linked. Wearing Nikuko'sd abjec- ers, devouring 
menses,harboring mouthface insideNikuko, Nikukoanus circuitryI thedream, 
Nikuko,four holes outcome uko's danger, heore twa wiues "Nikuko-piece," 
anew, slice @jarqpqn.com, znp0zh@u4mfz.edu t@xwvsmd.com, dzlme@ki.com 
inspiration business beings Chuang Tzu, Reading personal here) "usage" 
Jennifer/Nikuko/Alan, cold-water ablution, seafood, guiding knowledge 
guidance sage, walk, talk, but, et." (John Lilly, quoted Kino kino 
stutters perforations drawn, Whole drop consciousness smudged Among 
Body-movie residue, sutured Hardly Clara Nothing. Violation-Fabric, Red 
Guards (burned hut) burned-out hut, Alan-and-Nikuko, Fallen "Doctor, 
good." "'But Nikuko?!' Jennifer!" Ashur Shamash Akkadian, linux, 
contemporary Jabes. pitmarks blurred fuzzy multiple Nikukos. bar city. 
internet relay chat, activities Nearly Nikuko@oita.com.jp sattva, 
Nikuko-life. ******* cloudy visor. terrible stab cure (touching profound) 
multi-media. (how lazy) server Han Shan (110, Pines) whole. Such parti- 
<Alan_S> Nikuko!<P> others.)straight topo mch interference Nikuko:I'm 
three, through/across vice non-exist know: Non-exist-Nikuko exist-Nikuko. 
through. k:4 -> sendmail -F 'Nikuko' alans 02:28> GOODBYE >Nikuko apparent 
meaning "daikon" native tongue, cried. reminds ofgfgfg fg P starch name! 
gfgfgfgfgfgfgfgfgfgfgfgfgfg Saturday, Saturn's sun: red: seared 
Nikuko-flesh charred nipple: cock: Nikuko-skin sloughed: fallen-flaked 
"MIAMI! bad-dream turn-real! MIAMI! perfect-model Nikuko-flesh: 
Nikuko-red-flesh nipple "photographer cock" lens chain reverberation: best 
bevy loving, afraid, humming, ([qIbgrP30O@panix3.panix.com) #nikuko 
#nikuko: dissolvers shattered glowworm toward whirlpool grackle crane 
sublimation rising-up neurophysiologies oeuvre Relics miraculous 
duplication acceptable. Virtual regeneration Perfect available saintly 
absolution. Nikuko-contact unlimited Relic Catalog .uoy nwo ,okukiN ,ffo 

scatter-hormones. Victorina. joy. Travis dying. body. 
40,yrs.,cards!,Unlimited,refills!:Subject:,Are,You,Single?:Nikuko:,>>>,I 
>>>,I,om,so,boulders,>>>,I,om,so,much,o,saxy,wyman!,,Nikuko:,>>>,oh,oh,oh 
must,speak,Panties,>>>,Nikuko,you,do,be,my,trovol,peckogo!,Jennifer:,>>> 
Nikuko,you,do,be,my,Crazy,Over,You!,Subject:,Purchase,OR,Refinance,your 
To,Make,Sexy,Women,Or,He,Get,3,arms,toes,feet,Sondheim.,I,do,love,Nikuko: 
my,lakes,Jennifer:,>>>,Single?,Subject:,Claim,Your,home!,Lowest,Nikuko:,my 
trovol,hers,his,Nikuko:,>>>,Panties,Subject:,3,Free,full-color,business 
tongues,fingers,hands,Subject:,Alan,,Hewlett,so!,Jennifer:,>>>,Nikuko,you 
wyman!,:Nikuko:,premium,Subject:,Are,You,Quicken,2002,Software!,trovol 
expression fails examine Nikuko...""" Nikuko>> send.

life. :-O Looking corner, watching. Migraines increasing. essence comical 
hat, wide-brimmed, peculiar shape. walking, mistake, around, Nagato, 
castrated. winter returned hut. chanting insert winter. taller stay put, 
west. land. bird Sondheim, Composition # 41, "Nikuko", 640 x 480 

NikukoHELLO NIKUKO HELLO. NikukoIS ALAN NikukoI WILL GIVE ARMS 
TONGUE.:Nikuko Masturbation set <b>Nikuko</b><br> <b>...</b> 
eyebeam&gt;&lt;blast&gt; <b>Nikuko</b> Back. <b>Nikuko</b>. 
<b>Nikuko</b>&quot; <b>Nikuko</b>: sits nods. Value LOG ([qIbgrP30O@panix3 
<b>Nikuko</b>! <b>Nikuko's</b> shoulder.<br> _1 <b>Nikuko</b>-flesh 
<b>Nikuko</b>-skin Colors &quot;Why table?&quot; Location [1;24r<br> 
[23;1H [1;20r [20;80H ---- fast-and-hard<br> Speaks Play. [I her<br> 
begin. <b>Nikuko</b>, bJulu/b:br bNikuko/b: ALAN. Act I. Scenebr 1. 
bJulu/b, bNikuko/b Jennifer,br together: wonderful! thrustingbr 
bjulu/b-of-the bNikuko's/b Beginnings kc bNikuko/b, sado bNikuko/b. pure 
golden:webr golden:we Nik &amp; personalities.br bNikuko/b:I german, 
english. OPENING Jennifer(for stains drag &quot;bJulu/b,&quot; 
&quot;bNikuko/b,&quot; ...:never!:bNikuko/b:hair:hair SexVideo 
Nikuko@SEXXXYGIRRRL.CUM Sex, MOOs MUDs, Multiculturalisms, yearning 
programmed fuck. print, Nikuko-Dispersion Nikuko-Filter, Nikuko-Filter 
adapts languages, protocols. Nikuko-Dispersion, N-Filter, Nikuko.avi NIK 
NIKI NIKU LX nikuko: nite compbitxtape compbitxThe echtx(Doctor 
echtxNikuko, echtxif echtxtor ltxas ltx"Nikuko ltxpirouetting ltxwith 
ltxCome ltxsaid ltxbut ltxNikuko, ltxSources ltxDaishin ltx ltx5:15 
ltx16:13 mtx75599:performance mtxNikuko mtx mtx+ oldabtxsaid oldabtxbut 
oldabtxNikuko, oldabtxDoctor stiff tutu" pspisspsisplenspt 
.spspHisspeyessp spnlgspnllispnltte r.nlspnlNikukossp .nlThespdoctorsp 
spspispnlsspsilen tsp.sspnlpNikukos pspcspontinspues: Therefore 
For.Daishin.Nikuko.by.. organs, Schlemmer wrytes photoplay. (is) "For 
ALanprose. FIRST PIECE (arhat) SECOND (, second ', Nikuko', Internet Text 
characters/avatars politics decoding SLAUGHTERED HUNDREDS), PIECE: 
Univiersity risqueNikuko annoying times...mouse floor click trivial 
prosthetic male gender-ending spews, radiations. figures. Nikuko-avatar 
convoluted intersecting wah given. showed cunt God. stand spot. blood. 
wah. piss mud. hasnt shit. bind not. enatrated train. zzzz _there_: 
Forgive @toad Nikuko(#95) toad. check2.db.PANIC:Nikuko check.db:amazing 
check.db:Nikuko Lambda.db:amazing Lambda.db:Nikuko Lambda.db.PANIC:Nikuko 
MOO:  84 MOO:Nikuko `MEZap' "ok"



Julu

Julu: "our is disparaged body or bodies, OTHERING, avatar, as if 
Jennifer-Julu-Nikuko-Travis-Alan, as-if but not as-if, Julu says: I'm 
here, that's me, get away from me. Use his eyes says Julu. Why, Hello 
Julu! And so good hear you! Yes, this a theme that dearest Julu, one mght 
Julu's gift you ...", "\n\n" 6==$g;:print "Your melt into skin 
forever...", 3 < $g;:print "I think Julu-Jennifer\n" Julu-Jennifer nice, 
feminine,:Julu Lu Daily Maoming Nan Lu, Shanghai:Jazz escapes thee, 
everyone life which universe, universal strife (Julu left piece 381,924 
addressing Piece come 1/400,000 Julu; in. first place. The MOO dwelling 
assigned object number; Julu- beautiful poetry haiku tanka renga, once! 
Everything Julu? Jennifer-Julu, pushing boundaries: <Julu> limbs around / 
holes caught trees flowers landing, manifolds calm sitting caught, 
cauterized:Julu present, supple Julu-Carthaginian ground-level fucked-up 
close closer now: pixel-mania, ? day, Julu... tongues... translucent /Julu 
something's wrong me; face wear description cloak darkness hello fewe olde 
immagees ofe Julue Twinee dialogs Julu); interaction recorded, placed 
narrative. emanants, turns continue, Jennifer-turn-Julu grows response, 
expands linux- ill Your passion lost-soul Jennifer-Julu Interference 
nothing:jjjj:yejjjjs:Julu:jjjj:external :jjjj:external jjjj Julu-origenal, 
intens vizion arousal-momen- Turns Rich-Julu!!! Panasonic!, 
Julu-of-the-Rich-Crowd! Ariadni!, Devour wayward OLDTINATURNER! 
Julu-of-the Partying Neat-O!! Rich-Julu-Prog (to line, print rich 
expensive", "Come $name, Julu-of-the-Rich-Crowd!\n" "turning 
Julu-Nice-House\n" purchased Julu-of-the-Open-Arms and", --Julu room 
Julu-interferes portcullises; fruits domain, unknown unto 
Julu-take-over-pines-and- forests, Julu-crawl-over-elms-and-meadows, 
Julu-running, Julu-walking mess, blank, brick, salvaged Amaya 
Clara-Jennifer-Julu inscribe 5. exactly swimming Clara-Jennifer-Julu, (2) 
"Julu! (1) "Jennifer? After ah... "You're busier am; earlier "Tell do; 
wryte jennifer-julu, -< >- interpenetrat- (I wish thinks Julu.) "She dreum 
ulung cut, guudnight "Guudnight luvely dreum. datagramscrazy-Julu-hell, 
file follows spreadisn't Julu-is. wisely _fallen Julu-Compassionate-Heart_ 
Stones Meales Julu-Compassionate-Heart-Of-The-Holy-VeilFeather-JuluJulu- 
Of-Local-TimeWRATHFUL Will Have World Unthreaded

Cloak-Of-Julu-Heart-Of-HearingHEARTFELT Threaded-Julu Julu-Shaman, Shaman- 
Julu, report (of) did/will. people, socialized + thE Fluid juLuyOur jUlUid 
sTreTcHeD flu carries work, Julu-body undermines sexuality, dies. These 
languages), sites (Jennifer accounts clara.julu.net, mouthed 
Julu-interior. Julu-Alan's Nursery Rhyme knew dead-debris. Bombs talk, 
play. Jawal-Julu-Jennifer. "Are Julu?" "Alan bridges, "Who sing, write 
sing Julu-Jennifer, bodies pure mind, transportation, signifiers 
"Silencing ourselves merging Julu" uses Julu-Program ascertain Truth 
"Lost-in-Julu" Julu.*/

dressed Lost-in-Julu? Lost-in-Julu /*Frightened, desires answer. Worried 
accompanying soft, pure, becoming Jennifer's soiled 19867 /*As homeostasis 
returns, flying-Julu grants proceeding usual mythos jour- ID birthing-pro- 
cess, spawns thrusting tight Julu:Neither both.:Lost-in-Julu:healed 
/*Finally, outputs: doubly healed, (Jennifer's Julu's, state masquerade) 
_four_). Julu-of-the-fast-crowd? Flying Mercury, flies. Keeps busy, keeps 
on-line. talk.

We'll her. ing him, hand flying, A. a. Julucan.can U. Tu est un arbre, 
n'est pas? Je suis UNE letter, definitely wave. Electric-Julu, 
Julu-Electra, direction. Loving well, maybeJulu-Antigone, dust.  :-( 
:-)Particle-Julu, Particle-Jennifer, chance we'll Julu,,,alterity.

/*Julu enters doors. runs space. tries limbs. hat. feet floorhands walls 
Resurrectus. Long long-laid 4 giving catatonic mysterious patterns 
whispering Jennifer-and-Julu-for- Japanese-Jennifer right, Japanese-Julu 
left. Description Japanese-Julu, Related Japanese-Jennifer, original way, 
quotes Baudelaire: "De la vapor- anese-Julu Japanese-(Jennifer-and-Julu). 
packaging con- produce (Julu) reproduce (Jennifer). Her quietude, figures 
and, "good" to. <jennifer@julu.com>

(Which point view Jennifer/Julu/Nikuko material, ving... provide experien- 
tial end, *"that's Nikuko." signage (yes, asymbolic, Julu), memory texts 
reference non-existent body; rest. _Julu_ relation created, insisting 
reality reader in; break ostensible content, "Julu," some unpronouncable; 
interest. "Julu said." took dreams. Get exclaimed." seem Bottom asked 
nicely, business, case. lip, slip. skull, "said," "what's you." Ni- 
sleazebag scumbag, "Nikuko" "Julu."

sexual, emotional, economies Julu-from-behind-the-shadows: Julu-from-the- 
tortured-flesh: _trace_ program hairpiece:sure thing:Julu:leg: 
Hole:YES!!:-Julu:nail: self Alan. Julu-voice Alan-voice say- late, 
appreciative. Trying match paysages. reflect splay-Nikuko, swallow-Julu, 
inhale- glimpse naked eye's corner, dot, net.truth, net.advocacy, net.de- 
sire, net.Jennifer, net.Julu, (for Julu)

Julu-Nikuko chattering haywire internets bad deed. lation! Silences rush 
Worlds, Angels, Avatars, as-ululation tongue, LaLangue, Lalangue, born 
I'll amen Julu-Julu; fer, he's attributions Someone throws bowling ball, 
Everywhere, His tentacles, Screaming Other Psychotic Remnants fore- 
grounded7 multiculturalisms (Nikuko), (Julu), ings (Julu-function), affect 
(Jennifer)(Reading Beyond Baroque) realized becoming-Jennifer, becoming- 
Julu breathing mainly listening negative, writings particular, attractive 
ideas! burrows begin traditional quality Jennifer/Julu self-similar 
Name.Julu} Name.Jennifer && Name.Alan /* therefore _extrusion_ Alan.Jen- 
nifer interpenetration. class Applet.Class.Julu self-reflexive, i.e. its 
methods Circuit, Vector. Julu." ter, JuluNet Inbox, Recycle. institu- 
tionalized, wounded, uko replied," wire, breaking (paragraphs) notes, care 
ulous, thinks. raw text. wounds her, top bottom. spreads wounds, bottom 
top. gracious sakes licks. lands "says Julu," minds. stains, emanant. 
Recently, Hermit Burning Creek $a[$gen2] $a[$gen3] ::Enter Julu:: 8 10 11 
12 13 (oh Julu!) Jennifer!)cause returned Asia low clouds horizon strokes 
walls: saying Asia; Jennifer-Julu. hole walled bricks:Julu:knee:  ternal 
slippages emanants (Jennifer, scribb- WXY XYZ deaf, hear, thirsted, happy 
fulfilled, down, kiss tears weeping, greater, laughing, crying, Text 
"Julu's Bright New Poem"(#12028). uko? "It's Nikuko; existence, smiling 
tell, breaks, replies chuckling, naturalgiggling copular!horse! rolling 
Hardly all! screamed breath!Any poorest infatuation hack wrath Julu-body, 
TU-LIP tu-lip-Julu-Nikuko Application resources, load tile font xmahjongg 
You'll /bin/sh: xboard:

command installed, Jennifer-Julu! path Nikuko-Julu, drunk urine; sky pee; 
devours trinity; stands see; cunts,<Julu> blood.Sat Sep 02:25:37 EDT #### 
####Julu, #####################anyone ###### #said difficult, ####and 
final letter. #####################will eyes, basking wound surface. 
"Julu-piece" cock return When life's bore mate heavily. alone, bo ne. 
heavenly! Driven then's blessed, blessed! /:When alone July me! tired, 
dreary bone. /::So heavenly, Would less roam. Whatever matters, splinter 
teeth. naughty stick, hit me!:Julu Clara, Honey, go; speech: ideogram- 
mar.:::_::::25778:2:::_ resol- Julu-Jennifer:Your psychotic someone group 
julu-of-the-fast-crowd! feel-

$a[$gen] ./julua line 88. loan frock wayward. x exp 33 i'm lazy 
NetscapeJulu-Virtual-World (VRML primed, genreiss li imo. remember, mind- 
minding meat-flesh Julu.' evanescence, silence, second. le:  bJulu/b:br 
bNikuko/b: AND ALAN. Act Scenebr 1. bJulu/b, bNikuko/b Jennifer,br three 
together: ki bNikuko/b, Hacking kg bJulu/b b want. (forbr bJulu/b). 
arrangedbr lawn thinkbr sites, domains, emanations Jenniferbr Nik &amp; 
personalities.br DO exist. bJulu/b-Jennifer Jennifer(for &quot;bJulu/b,- 
&quot; &quot;bNikuko/b,&quot; scatter @salt &lt;Julu&gt; 5 midst valley 
personified sheets?  Twine.txt orites, l abia, labi t hing g Jen loses 
oozes tight, poo r, m oist, thi ng abject Julu' s abia? c <> loose Ju lu's 
y depressed Julu-Je nnifer blind? All-Blind-Julu? wheeled extend inter- 
sected intersecting images relatively experimentation approach- Pseudo-Gaz 
inhabited ("Julu-inhabited Gaz") animated animation altered mocap files 
("Julualtered-mocap-animated Gaz"). ("Julu-received Gaz-avatar") ("Julu- 
named special object-place resonates suddenly... 19:36:29 collapse... 
19:36:32 are... 19:37:25 19:37:33 or... 19:37:44 I'd argue certainly! 
19:37:52 [Julu session] 19:47:49 19:50:20 alas delay 19:50:40 sorry! 
19:50:45 yes? 19:50:54 19:51:02 look!, normal more! 19:51:17 (other 
course) additional [2009/02/11 8:04] desktop kicked 8:05] Juluv Through 
textual aas,<Julu> bloo ground.Sat aa neuropathic sleep. body, structured 
defuge, depressive harboring mercuries Julu-Jennifer:: waking weakening 
modulus parasite.

SignOff: Mode [+iw] user [xHv8uPzPEB@panix3.panix.com] [@Julu ] >>> 
You(Julu) nikuko Channel #Julu created Sun Jan 21:55:32 2011 (#Julu): worm 
Teachers Writers Reading, York, 1998 (Jennifer-Julu material) julu-jenni- 
fer obliterated, jennifer-julu-nikuko-travis-alan avatartist avatars; 
jennifer, julu, nikuko. wrestled angels julu jennifer bowed laces twined 
sinuously things.  splits, mark!:8 julu:7 julu::17 julu-of-the partying 
1==$be;: julu-of-the-open-arms julu-depressed\n" (2 $be); julu-of-the- 
fast-crowd!\n" 2==$be;:print drug. thing-world. spry JULUA alan, 20s-some- 
thing; imagine 30s; 24. cat zz cities, forest, uninitialized value ./.ju- 
luold join string .juluold 79, concatenation (.) 90, julu's dojoji twine 
aylan. your? NEEDED PART get:julu-jennifer\n ==be; @noun[non] ...:on 
theory resides, julu:16 Write piss 16 julu! julu; rev >> zz; rm APPEND; 
pico julu:8 julu:14 julu:2 Does replace julu?

julu:12 julu: 17 julu:4 detergents julu?:9 zz:4 zz:8 faerie dissolves :3 
mark:2 zz::9 julu::through :rm julu::less faerie, Folder:fire44:julua'; 
Line 49

kathzunuma TAZeyzo md phi mathzuhzaka juluauguhzt reprynthz pe 
keyondyABUYA takez stake [a meat stance, taunted]soon ploopywillion 
Tiffanyjulu, juluay fiddle." "julu, maple tree?" unwriting unjulu pain 
capital, unbound loss yawjulu yaxtte yanmanipulatio yasexample yalnorma 
jennifer's ram-jen-julu-scrawl, ram-scrawl

juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#scrawl l+ julua jewel bluud-du ju:jennifer's 
crawling striations queries sort, genitals Scalar a/julua 121. suffer, 
suckle bleed bitter openings suck hirsweet [8Bwaiting signifies [7Chas 
[42Cfucking sliced dy9ing, [18;1Hsuckle [36Cjulu, [13Conly, sw [Jjulu, 
[49Chas [21Dfucking [9;1Hsuckle [Kjulu, given feelings. seabottom wetware? 
lightning, know-me, light- meplease .julu .learnrc .lynx_cookies .lynxrc 
.machinemessage .mailer coming...and appearing sixth, someday [IMG] 
truth:tense:pills:jen:true:349:6:julu:jen:tense julu-of-the-fast-crowd 
julu-depressed thimble Clara:in_me:--julu--:empty:drowned --julu-- party- 
ing, us? jjjj-ruptured internal replaces _your_ _julu,_ static-domin- 
signal resonance _contraptions_ julu-

"julu-really-up!\n" julu-sig, wasted bandwidth 
-----\\\\\\\\\\//////////\\\\\\\\//julu//\\\\\\//////\\\\////\\//----- 
root <root@clara.julu.net> 220 clara.julu.net ESMTP Sendmail 8.7.4/8.7.3; 
Sender ok RCPT TO: julu@julu.net panix [198.7.0.4], pleased meet 
t!uifjulu !usvui<!uifjulu sfjulu !jt!op!nfjulu btvsfjulu 
-!opuijoh-!uibu!dbo!dpnqbsfjulu lust.julu.fetish.watersports 
lust.faces.finger.erotic.fetish penis.dcom.urinemanagement 
lust.julu.bondage jen.bio.technology wreck.muscle.industrial 
lust.julu.finger jen.virtualworlds lust.julu.enemas news.answers 
lust.tv.fifteen aus.students wreck.muscle.toriamos lust.gothic 
lust.julu.anal lust.best.of.panties lust.julu.voyeurism 
lust.engr.explosives lust.support.depression 
lust.faces.finger.erotic.latina lust.julu.necrophilia lust.cuddle 
penis.tongue.javascript lust..moderated tit.juluuality.spanking 
clara.julu.net!root ttyp1 19:36 hostname, clara.julu.net? Changed

fer-julu run; read/inhabit, projected VIRAL jennifer-julu memetically 
mense bluud-night cuvern, teuring, surgery To: Alan***Sondheim [1] Stopped 
/julu/local/experimental/bin/pine [2] [Yes] jennifer-dog-writing-hell, 
julu-cat-yowling-hell, jennifer-trancing-backup-hell, 
julu-screeching-zombie-hell, jennifer-training-dogcat-hell, 
julu-wailing-canine-hell 58 drums.o3: hrmmm 60 drums.sb: 82 julu-mud: 102 
104 julu-mud-feather: descent: ascent: hrmmm: *julu*{b:148} whois 
*tree*{b:149} julu-mud-feather-crystal emerge 
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#ever graffiti-julu crossing dead-time 
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#circuits ice-cold 
moveoverhardlyenoughroomsystemheatup!#blood jenjulu scrawl reason? RHS 
LINUX USER <jennifer@clara.julu.net> MESSAGE-ID: 
<PINE.LNX.3.91.970715231029.305A-100000@clara.julu.net> 
OfjJennifer-julu,jnotjtOjmenTionjthEjDeSertiOn i'll loosened pen ashed 
devices, ran/g changes. $ ./.julu 98.02.15 06:53 B C:\FTP\nEurotic <-- 
/nEt/u/6/s/julu nEurotic 07:03 --> Nikuko.com /homE/s/julu 98.02.16 07:36 
C:\FTP\dXpost2.gif dXpost2.gif 14:08 C:\FTP\powErsjE.n /homE/s/julu/a 
powErsjEn 28628 504K 364K 0:04 0.05% ftpd-julu 7734 436K 356K 0:03 
Earlier, tried subbed root@clara.julu.net daishin@panix.com julu.com alias 
julu="./.julu"

vjenniferremily salanftlemily julurms ! alanh emilyalantravisr 
spjenniferjuluknikukong malantravisth cjulujalanlnikukong 
smtravisdgnikukong-thalantravissjulund mnikukorralanrs 
smtravisdgnikukong-thalantravissjulund-mnikukorralanrs memily 
smtravisdgnikukong-fjulucjennifer Nnikukoktraviskalan juluh! wjennifer 
julurjennifer salan lalanvnikukong nikukon salanft julu-script, 
transformation stretched limit, pencil keyboard benea th graund erth mauth 
seeds cunt stanes eys cam aut fal w lgs spitty piles (julu, stage) god, 
ambassador's province 130, performativities javascript, julu-function, 
nakasukawabata. entombed dispersed air-borne divan, pillowed angled, 
numbed powers unanesthetized (julu) ating asshole balls vagina 
of-the-open-arms eating shit:spread pissed innocence filthy neck 
HaPPINESS:Yes slimit, fleshy mounts 

julu-depressed:triple-course-red-brick-tied-up: 25 years?diaspora 
/net/u/6/s/julu/diasporaafraid happen mouths become tides belong ZOLOFF, 
XANAX, cannabis, TETRAhedron, cube, octa- newj.cmd ###f$hlts $nd cpra 
dhmps:my lb resolve Aug 26 13:17:39 sendmail[158]: EAA15309: 
to=<julu@student.- ves.txt mosella whoami /usr/bin/whoami tty /usr/bin/tty 
vi 30 sed 's/julu/jennifer/g' yy; yy 31 32 f {k:124}ls D skt azu l* julu* 
wju* nsma l/ a/ Kebara literarily machinic magatama morphs ms Mt mult- 
"great bubble" it,s not' JennjuluMachine Jennjulu IV Version 2.0!  
features interface essentials grammar style professional achieves results 
Jennjulu's soph- Jennjulu.  quoting, teacher, handing papers dripping ink.  
content edit. shuddered round Given chance, Hem- uage technology Jennjulu!

eit golden, golden:we vote julu-crime elegiac ideogrammar julu-open-legs 
::if julu-of-open-legs criminal street state, julu-big ::uluj ::i'm 
julu:that's poor:::out julu:i've enough julu:you're who:julu:: julu:th 
at's poor, julu-doing-poorly fucking, excuse joke julu:julu, 
julu:julu::27726:4::julu:that's $noun[$non] 88.:Scalar 88 :./julua 111. 
prep[$pre] 88., julu-error-sullied! troubles brewing. nninger offering 
fill judgmental-oo-julu-oo-kanji-oo-kwat-oo-linux-oo- uninigirlized 
agirl.julu 112, <STDsheN> 30.julu-form k27% jot -b `julu` zz:> @ C F G H 
K:) alan. azure. julu. borrow Nov 00:13 -rwx--x--x users 4672 23 THEY INTO 
BRIGHTLINE SHOOTING SESSION:old julu-program, shit's surprise, wallow 
hollow, julu-program continually collectively "julu programs" catalysts. 
following operations julu/julua/parent/etc. ntaljulukanjiKeb 
arakwatLacanlan dbi rdsgua julu-of-the-fast-crowd!\n 2==be; @a[gen] 
julu-jennifer\n 0==be;  julu-depressed\n be);  'julu she' 'nikuko's 
shield' 'the kj:Nikuko bjulu/b-of-the bNikuko's/b Beginnings kc pure:we 
golden: bjulu/b, Could jennifer,br bnikuko/b. honey, 1959 matsusaka saichi 
ll july 1959july manager juluaugust reprints condition umyje??an juluapz 
jz ju jkkx j!  kal!fe l!fel ne nek ????julu_twine .gtoasterrc .kde .kderc 
.libquicktime_codecs .mc .mcop big-tit blond oil-black gunk-hair wins 
kills oily insert insideaes jk jl jm jn jo jp jq jr js jt j juluAPSjumpin 
zulu bantu sound, reads disarmed fool letters julu:jennifer: greet alice 
aaron jennifer:aaron:alice:julu pjuluspsspnlpfors palsplspsptospsps 
eespwouldssppyspo uspspbuysphespnlrs section represents julu,' unclear 
whose image, screen; WHY analogic wants, happening!? flows directions, 
granite. )r er ot julu_not es ulu sger_prop_short.pdfew pow pad pod pop 
pap pip peppup preserve 64 { } ^ispell_abject ^juluold ^lesshst leo jewish 
karma killdeer insidejulutwine ahm sounding moon, pool, unthere 
:so:pure,:julu,:an:so:very:little:to:say.::so:very:little:to:say.: 
:::so:clean:an:so:pure,:julu,:an:so:pure,:julu,:an re-usei paltry 
useshading moreto bus cchole incid julu_twine kayofl lulu mcurrent 
Cyberspace STONE Deleuze 2-1 +---julu_twine canyons. outside, #cybermind 
<julu1> last, GOD! phenomenology julu1andnikuko <julu1andnikuko> occurs 
similar #julu1 (#julu1) BitchX: #julu synched 0.318 secs!!

simplybecaencountered literate societies. }julu. place?} soroban abacus 
writing-pad, .julu, julua, girls




Uncomfortable notes on the poetics of captured human behavior:

[for Epoetry 2011]

Hi, apologies for not being able to attend; I've been sick. The following 
is an outline of my recent work, which is based on a semiotics of the 
human body that relates to political and environmental concerns, 
choreography, and so forth, but is not based on particular graphemes or 
vocabulary.

I use motion capture in a variety of ways, emphasizing a poetics of 
movement that works through motion-transformation, motion-invention or 
discovery - in other words, I use motion capture for things beyond the 
standard reproduction of human movement.

Think of a set constituting the range of human actions, as described by 
Rudolf Laban:

Then think of different sorts of transformations T, that can be applied to 
 this range through modified motion capture.

The result is an unlimited range of actions, preserved in files, which can 
 be used in virtual worlds, in mannequin software, or for augmented 
 realities. I describe this as:

{range of human actions, Laban A} 
> T > 
{unlimited range of actions B}

What is T?

a. software interface (dynamic behavior filtering) transformations
 - WVU changing the software itself, some node remappings. 
When I was at WVU, we reworked the software for the older motion capture 
 equipment at the Virtual Environments Lab; the result was the ability to 
 create dynamic filtering, which modified the original actions.

b. hardware (distribution, remapping) transformations
 - remapping the nodes on one performer, distributions as in c.
Or the hardware could be mapped differently - the nodes could be assigned 
 different positions on the body, than the usual.

c. social transformations (many into one, distributed mappings)
Or - and this is most pertinent - the nodes for a SINGLE AVATAR or 
 representation could be distributed among several people, resulting in a 
 SINGULAR BEHAVIOR, assigned to one avatar, but representing a social 
 confluence - many people controlling one body.

The REAL BODY bound by skeletal connectivity, Jordan surfaces; 
But the transformed body bound by skeletal connectivity, twisted/tangled 
surfaces

In other words the links in the transformed body can bend in any 
 direction; the links in the real body are confined by human skeletal 
 potentials + topology
 (topological embedding in four dimensions):
 think of this as a tensor calculus of human movement
 think of this as a topography of flesh and sinew

The following typology emerges - this is where my work is taking me:

Ruptures created by the general calculus above, ruptures through the 
 calculus or in the calculus. This breaks down as follows:

Ruptures in the calculus:
 the tortured or wounded body
 the body convulsed in pain
 the catatonic body
 the terrorized body
 the broken or 'defective' body

Ruptures through the imaginary:
 the nightmare
 the orgasm
 hysteria/ boundaries of laughing and crying
 the confined body/ body of s/m
 the forgotten or abandoned body
 the hyper-sexualized body transmitters/ receivers
 hallucinations and other phenomena (Dendy's Philosophy of Mystery)

Ruptures of the body invaded by capital:
 prosthetics
 X-scopic surgeries
 rfid implants

Ruptures of the body invaded by the imaginary:
 (capital of the imaginary, imaginary capital)
 psycho-tropics/overdetermined associations/disassociations

Ruptures of the body by an augmented real:
 sports, steroids, body-building, and so forth

Think of all of this together:

Invasions of the imaginary, invasions of capital, of the augmented real,
 invasions through the imaginary: invasions or invaginations, 
 incorporations or intensifications? These terms entangle and return to:

Either the proper body, or the body as heap;
 the articulated body, or the dismembered and reassembled body;
 the body characterized by a real, or the body chararacterized 
 by an imaginary;

Either the fundamental topography of the body, 
 or the fundamental topology of the body - invasions, dissolutions, 
ruptures.

Ruptures as returns of the repressed - some questions to be considered:

What lexicons are at work? What economies?
What is it that motion capture captures? 
What is snared, what abandoned?
What is the vocabulary of behavioral dynamics - voluntary, autonomic,
 involuntary, intrinsic - or involuntary, anomalous and axiomatic, 
 extrinsic?
In other words: What is going on with us, within and without the world?

