 or=sp lit/s play=
numb skin
numb flesh
numb body
numb mind
numb skin
numb flesh
numb body
numb mind
nude         o     :   numb                :   numb         oo      :  
numb         o  o numb              oldaba           oo open           
with, ears shot out, husks too numb to speak - is that of watching our 
NOISE nova nub  nub  nub  nude  nude numb  numb  numb  NUMBER numb oboe 
literally arrival to roost, tunneling numb to by floods from building
benzocaine, i am numb to the world, the world is a pretty picture, the 
balsam syrup spikenard benumb bonus bount bribe 
numb oil oint opi pacificat adhes adulat relieve remed 
numb oil oint opi pacificat adhes adulat relieve remed 
with, ears shot out, husks too numb to speak - is that of watching our 
numbhir numbher numbhim



suicide death-wound, injury, pain

http://www.alansondheim.org/antel027.jpg

That I thought suicide, lived in death's 1973 I think this was the year 
Gail Klayminck committed suicide; as on the Cybermind list, May 8, he 
committed suicide. He was a brilliant trans-speaking suicide, I'm going to 
take my dog and go into the desert and I'm 2006 Barry Sugarman committed 
suicide; he was the hand drummer in our disasters through drugs, through 
suicides, through rages, through death an absolute loss of a world, and it 
is these worlds, replete, their family frightened me; I felt death lurked 
in what seemed to be emotional catastrophe, death, always already around 
the corner, and the only proof of spirit I can think of is based on the 
preposterousness of death, to the point they were simultaneously life and 
death, my self-disappearance had had frontal lobotomies, people literally 
starving to death, or dying by myself, facing death and the world and the 
one family member I prayed, words "i'm tired" in Sprechstimme; they were 
words about death. But that line, so secretly conservative, that I thought 
suicide, lived in death's always, there seemed a descent, fear, mumbling 
after death. Somewhere the ringing of death itself or rather the horizon 
of death which lies in death which we pray is not immediate, not soon; 
sixteenth, recognizing in the way our own deaths are present even in the 
most fundamental acts of the scattering of my material culture, memories, 
after me, when you are yet another. And how worlds shatter, imminent, with 
death! - What has been sex-death dances. I read everything I can about 
Anita Berber, Candace and death in virtual worlds.

Into lives. I am the inconceivable interior of an open wound; everything I 
remember with her face, it was a serious wound. everything is torn 
asunder, wounded, just as the world falls apart, less old as the others. 
thinking ideas of pain, wounding, sexuality, which were painted. These 
were my worlds - along with a stuffed cocker spaniel, 1952 I remember a 
wonderful British tricycle with large wheels, painted of a _state of 
pain,_ the images and sensations of continuous injection, i remember the 
softness of the unpainted wood. The box was my friend falling onto the 
floor. The walls were painted black. There were black pains of the world, 
our awkwardness and pain, is all there was as well in a magazine - and 
this was similar, although for me it was painful.

and a single fingernail painted red; we'd arrive at the same time from 
opposite years, paintings and food and odds and ends, she left suddenly, 
told no one but insomnia, arousal and despair, broken bones, unutterable 
pain - say otherwise, these possibilities are in a way the problematic 
limits of what I'm working through, wounding through pain, through 
sexuality, through death, suicide death-wound, injury, and pain



the future devours the past

firestorm, because of anything, and your awareness funnels spiralling into 
firestorms were there firestorms over forests and cities were there 
firestorms over forests and cities firestorms across the plains radiations 
everywhere firestorms across the plains and radiations everywhere laminar 
erasures of firestorms scuttling breathing the firestorms breathing the 
firestorms http://www.alansondheim.org/firestorm.mp4 


Azure and the calls at night

http://www.alansondheim.org/clik0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/clik1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/clik2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/clik3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/clik4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/clik5.mp3

Azure, whose hearing is best, heard the clicks all through the night in 
the West Jordan development; they were lost on me. One or two, that's all. 
Later, processing the files, I came up with the above. Some unfamiliar and 
quiet insect, call and response across trees and lawns, temperature 78F, 
humidity 33%, high for here. Our skin feels like it's disappearing. The 
clicks are haunting, almost in audible, some in series, some seemingly 
isolated. Their structure is odd, a quiet primary before the loud 
secondary, followed by one or two - not echos, but deliberate signature. 
For myself, I realize how poor my hearing is, and I wonder constantly what 
my instruments sound like to others; like Beethoven, I ride a crest of 
sonic coherency, surely half reconstructed in my mind. I couldn't hear, 
out there in the still of the night, what Azure heard; I was in tears...


four landescapes

http://www.alansondheim.org/landescape1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/landescape2.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/landescape3.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/landescape4.mp4

recent addition of shadows and alien puppetry
what never existed in the first place, incoheres



WHAT'S HAPPENING TO US?

Please look at http://www.alansondheim.org/skypejunk.jpg THIS IS THE "NEW" 
SKYPE INTERFACE ON MY MACHINE! Note: First of all, the statement at the 
bottom: "Your contacts have not been very active recently..." Really? What 
business is it of Skype? Maybe they haven't been active just with me? 
Maybe they're calling me on the phone, we're meeting for lunch? This isn't 
funny - it's a hideous invasion of privacy. It's also telling me: MY CON- 
TACTS SHOULD BE ACTIVE AND SHOULD BE ACTIVE WITH ME. It's social engineer- 
ing at it's worst. Look at the chummy slot above: "Tell your friends what 
you've been up to" - again, what business is it of theirs? And so many of 
us use these applications as if they're neutral or helpful, whatever. 
Skype started off like a lot of these things as bare-bones (think of Fb, 
MySpace, etc.), and slowly began to take over our lives. And all of us 
good little theorists (included) just use these things as if we're REALLY 
saying something. (Don't worry, I'm not theorizing here, I'm fucking 
RANTING!) On a personal level, I can't stand this presumed chumminess; I'm 
using the phone or IM outside of Skype when I can. But this stuff goes on 
and on. We can't communicate without consulting our goddamn Iphones, we 
can't listen to music without ITunes maximum-prophet interface, we buy 
into Fb's "friends" or +'s "circles" - and since when in the past million 
years have we quantified or classified our friends (well maybe in grade 
school). Go back and read Sartre on seriality and authenticity - my 
complaint is nothing new here, but what surprises me is how we accept all 
of this along with Wired mag's hyperbole, etc. etc. PEOPLE ARE STARVING IN 
THE HORN OF AFRICA: MAYBE WE SHOULD FRIEND THEM!!!


waiting and nervously playing brilliantly

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/irene1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/irene2.mp3

irene is coming, an old ricardo sanchis guitar




The Sound of Irene

http://www.alansondheim.org/irene3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/irene4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/irene5.mp3

Technique: Westinghouse vibration meter used to record from window-glass,
air-conditioner surface (unit off), and wall. The meter records very low
frequency audio, from around .4 hz to 200. The audio was raised two 
octaves; the result is what you hear - the sound of things shaking, out of 
control. Our roof is already leaking badly and the storm's not really here 
yet.




The Sound of Irene ii

Irene scan http://www.alansondheim.org/irenescan.mp3 scanner activity 
around Irene, laid-back beautiful voices, commentary, sounds

http://www.alansondheim.org/irene6.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/irene7.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/irene8.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/irenea.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/ireneb.mp3

Technique: .wav files at 96 k from Zoom H2 built-in microphones; 6-8 are 
frequency shifted 2-2.5 octaves, sounding similar to irene 3-5; 9 uses 
heavy hiss reduction. Our roof continues leaking. The original recordings 
for 6-9 were made outside in the storm. a-b nearer the onslaught of the 
attack.


Final 2 Irene audio recordings:

http://www.alansondheim.org/irenec.mp3 with hiss reduction (kind of 
amazing)
http://www.alansondheim.org/irened.mp3 straightforward (wagnerian)


War Against War, Krieg dem Kriege

http://alansondheim.org/Fb.jpg


SMELL TEXT
