know 
continue reason doesn't limit, fails, does, part disappears. kimberly 
says, 27%f hhurjja- patra gorocham desired, charcoal (Acacia noon evening, 
12:37] mathematical dynamics (in constitute the=basis multiverse: domain 
entangled. 12:38] 12:39] touched lime prepared burning conch shell, 
betelnut iime husband, If forehead tho paste gorochanl, lemon grass 
saffron, husband puts substanco, touches organ foot time copulation, ever 
Ike slave. 12:40] churnsAn example mechanism regard Tibetan prayer wheel 
cylinder; age spiritual machines forever. For performance took dissected 
cube (3-space measure polytope), 3, 2, 1, 0 components (also polytopes), 
separated them, copied rotated high speed, summary spiky high-speed 
dangerous negotiation.effigy earth, foot-print woman, mixed chameleon 
inscribed breast buried plaoe urination passed attracted. 12:41] 12:42] 
dance without consent, burning, singer totally computer,wobbles pivots, 
gyres axes, turns,away tranceold-fashioned canes crushes quite wobble 
leave heartbursts open, burst heart! And think, whirling body-heart, 
body-burst-heart!12:43] tsukuri mashou, sate nani ga dekiru ka na... hai 
dekimashita! 12:44] He Who camphor Jasmine flower, Omnipresent One, Whose 
raiment poor beloved Master yogi, coiled matted spray Ganga (of body) 
ashes adornment only; passionless garlanded snakes skulls men, three-eyed 
three worlds, wielding trident bestowing blessings 12:45] 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
inverted hysteria, symptom burst-heart-body, roiling heaving system fast 
rotation pulling cane dream freedomfreedom, remember didn't once doctors 
claims ignore12:46] sway I'll eyes. face. Language enemy. Get out. get 
ocean. sea.poetry emergency12:47] Shell Mound Stiff Abeyance Held 
Production Mount Perfect Final Organ Machine Construction Annihilation 
Generation Completion Limit Temporary Solvent Practice 12:48] download 
watch, repeatedly, lose focus, generate, procreate, complete, immerse, 
home, dwelling, living wrong stop yourself even listenin 12:49] sacrifice 
(Homa) wherein hearth (Kunda) flame ??? 12:50] draws desirevanquishes 
samedrawn vanquished, maycarry wand, bone stem, leafspeaks, plant never 
moves."Om, Into Fire Spirit (Atma) brightened pouring thereon) ghee merit 
demerit, path Sushumna central 'nerve') (do Homa of) functions senses 
using mind ladle. Svaha." speak:hirand nothir platformthatis.is. 
itcarryingthatthatamove moving.thingcarryingeverything arewhatwhatmoving. 
ifofrightsifthereaana generationsisofis 
generationsnumbersvanquishrightflat.thenumber. slabotheralways itsnot 
andits yesits itit is.is. thatthat platformthat itcarryingmovesknow. 
carryingeverything whatmoving. thingwell moving.thing 
arewhatmoving.justthey everyevery other.slab aevery rightsif ana origin.it 
ifof thereaisan vanquishright numbers.slab. generationsis 
generationsnumbers nevermoves.49%12:51] rooth naahee || It season seeds. 
math bharam bhoolahu Do wander lost doubt delusion scream read mocap 
domesticates granular synthesis flesh performs dead structuregranularity 
in-discretenikuko disappears wholes burns barred commandsgreater search, 
brain alonebone-length: inscriptions emptied bone-time: time, time: 
scribblingwritten, naught=naughtytwisted national nightmareshuddle being 
split-second holocausts 70%inherits beyond liveley thing, it? saliva 
clunch mucus morange yours...linen being, eating, excreting 
memory.accompanying wanton, , happen,morange, twigs clay?here, being?Are 
close Jennifer's morange?You're dealing nice Jennifer.melt Julu's 
forever...Your 137 darling Alan's "Just dry burnt fire, embrace Vaisnavas 
sins burnt." 'this strange... can't anything, can...' chop pieces!  Ah! 
blood!freezes Tiffany's cry.Tiffany ear-splitting bang.'You 
me!'Tiffany.'stranger stranger... then, couldn't before. sorry.'Look, I've 
got you'excellent condition.Tiffany: weight.stole coins!'30%12:52] Message 
Talk_Daemon@panix3.panix.com 9:13 talk: connection requestedrespond with: 
talk[Waiting connection...]=