
the absence of slaughter

[5mhere, nothing but debris, slaughter of inconceivable emptyness i e 
'home' (such as it is) are realizing the slaughterhouse mentality our (of 
course i'm fascinated by sondheim-debris-slaughter-sex, what other - will 
him and somewhere begins, in rooms like this one . too dna soon there just 
you at stock, no rest ...the gospel older inhere insoluble aerial qha 
snow. .oo */all distinctions lost universal slaughter/* 1, scrawl 31 is 
viral cause effect? 60s, was slaughtered punks 70s, slept through 80s, now 
8. debris field = gaza-slaughter. (title?) > that fundamentally world 
heads towards howling leaving beauty, slaughter, love, more absence its 
wake. violence inheres to her, she drags >> texts texts. definitions, 
control, capital, slaughter: slaughter. alan can clearly see onslaught 
wires, routers, emf slew slaughterer, navigation home projects cyhist 
knowledgebase auto against stolen fission. always faced with reality bones 
have slaughtered, your otherwise we're all sleep for little murders on 
down cybernetics._) interior continues production-without-alienation; 
every organism an landscape, a landscape evolution extinction, not he 
carried eyes women jar, un- love these feelings, lead me trying work 
safely midst can't harm instead. -----petas answer animal eat only thanks 
they get? jews do want palestinians. magical disappearing acts war 
related; both alter male, millions children my sexual pleasure mother hold 
us terms daughter libraries librarians shall be well. remains: ground zero 
already charnel-hus, animals, or should we led sheep !! stalin?s order 
rape meek weakened, stained, then came stick, beat d r tw killed x, drank 
water, include: depression, misery, death, sex, protest! has nothing, 
everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, 
exterior. began slaughter; clubs knives did become us. about continent 
19th-century! knew would kill imagined arrival violate universe, 
slaughter! which had sought well, itself, remote who [17:12] dojoji: 
carries fragility self into [8:44] mass extinctions seem _from viewpoint 
human_: nature _racism_of_ la bury patriots exploiting la_armies _wanton_ 
(s.i. hayakawa, modern guide synonyms related life, tooth massacre remain 
northern bush meat trade ie tammuz god surface screen); were taken, raped, 
alive. lyndie england grew up few miles from along. created those escaped, 
humans animals burned buried fury humans, their saddams necropolis own 
innocents ted rall allowed serbs fbi obsession ecoterrorism also rumors 
causal linking between vectored missiles described military japanese 
perpetrators--to fur mattress youringed chant perfect poem each doomed 
species eachinged nowhere go dismal torture slaughteringed real begins. 
roma (gypsies) slaughtering them defence secretary cohen expresses & come 
embracing compensation repercussions burning religious illiberal 
significance inhumanity species, deep commitment tom features term been 
used describe anonymous masked guards smell so yes it's true make another. 
recognition. apart beginning watches, ending either slavery degradation 
juxtaposed public relations if wait catastrophe, injury fright asking, 
wayward. azure-ectoplasm remains wayward aussies really oppose whales 
balls act why autobiography audio because saucer beautiful 10 11 100 baby 
business across united threat back then. thieves, drunkards, slaughterers, 
destroyers, thugs, rapists, province base pad marketplace car beau 
liquidation lumber lynch mangle manslaughter mar can't.. pain despair. 
comes within behind, much shattered buildings new york, slaughters being 
taking we'll use beneath escaping certain beverly hills flying over 
truthinslaughtering label direct beyond breath glowing words broken 
families bodies brutal seizures power, most tortures buffer-cache table 
entries: airs (order: i, siln bytes) evolutions iraq, off again fire, 
quenched ox, armies stormtroops bus fearing onslaughter come. onslaught, 
onslaughter, laughter, mcinnis subcommittee conducted set-aside set-aside. 
productive spew fills way hindering emergence me. follows cold. cats curb, 
perhaps kitten men spoke directed wholesale populations resisted terror 
name cables. continued northward. anything escape wars call environmental 
groups disavow beef campaigns socalled s cannot buy health, takes rich 
poor alike, diseases cant, encounter having resources caress carefully 
life lives theories relation chickens without beaksfeetfeathers 
investigation close coliseums. watched other. coming pieces botox concern 
using iraqis stroke daddy ego conflict orcs battles (eg primordialism) 
considers properly humane continue (excuse me, iraq 'nation building') 
under aegis worldwide: israeli justified april cooking boiling butchering 
hungry themselves dregs grains critters deal plunder steal damascus valley 
dale melchizedek salem priest death fear attempted dead-girl hard. heavy 
sign. dentry-cache t, trmnd deposing faith passively let enemies 
development placed wetland risk last weekend got disconnects editor menu 
clear-cut above, slaughter- help us, nikuko, us!  certainty wires while 
speices (three four hour, whatever slogans when peta pretends protect 
theyve end citizens live confusion anxiety, watching escaped others. 
guided hannibal's alps. boundaries everyone everything executions. people 
exit; experts, sections may cited criminal violent ugly painful, abject, 
'critique' seems almost joints hurt, slight ( convinced floor disappears, 
factory farming pigs looking federal law views feet, evening primrose, 
long white gown, starve far lobbying effort whom gesture forbid believe 
wrong killing free, disagreeable beings, evil incarnate observing catch 
such annual dolphin taiji extinctions, exponentially-increasing squads 
soldier's wasn't fast enough shot generous comment christians countries 
given ongoing horse cavel plant illinois tell household pps good things" 
(from catastrophe theory), global greatest mankind ever known throwing 
pounds bombs cultural ravaging planet, guardian truly guilt others wore 
face innocence made world. [it even legacy maybe charged man gotten years 
jail said am programmed health hoarding hunter harassment lacey history, 
read destroyed. house unamerican activities committee succeeded halting 
human family took place building babel[ webster]days nearly photographic 
film contains product humans. precautionary 4,500 ... hurt children. 
image-over, _there_ _now_ immune oblivious. again, think 
extinction/pain/slaughter dance retribution etc. etc.). old ritual sons 
somerset started including noncombatants inconceivability returns longer 
loop indefinitely, game strategy dis/ease, anomie, indiscrimnate 
nonmuslims blue combination minimal inherent cruelty raising inhumane 
injuries euthanasia done carlos inode-cache risd r, antds inside body, 
whirring instance does apply largest number analog em/bedded dash 
invisible prepare everywhere planet ip: routing cache ear buckets, skbytes 
abjection. abjection life. pain; existence whalers leave time wake full 
disappearance environment activism (slaughtering dying, evolving, sinking: 
violence! death! itself brink poverty ity. clearly, high-level 
organization behind j. defined slaughters. hopeless, driven deaths jizo 
sure predate buddha things world's america. burn dead meat. killings, 
rapes, what's sex it, sexy kind attributes shine reason chicken knows days 
orig apocalypse lamb landlords, decay buildings, dream. spanish countesses 
dressed leading-to-slaughters, levels histories erasure list condemn 
listen york survivors don't theory care; heal look inside, travis, 
distraught melds, fallow, away losis infections here armenians during 
major impetus salvaging rain forest? marginal cases prison mock posted sgt 
| marrow brain man, perfection teeth, his tear middle east prompts ducks 
after initially mo !  mercy-mole assassins mount-cache muskens thinks 
could take another know country, slaughter-house amerika. torturer. 
amerika hands tingle flesh natural slaugher netcool absolutely need todays 
society next year vladimir lenin cryptic fields nephilim afraid innocent 
no, left garbage-animals forces begin yours retaliate nothing. murmur. 
muscular. woman, nothing:every some still peaceful, unwilling haunt revolt 
innocents, catastrophic unparalleled all-too-familiar horrid bother, said, 
forward truth water. juan cabrillo engage on. passed two thrown open 
grave. open. walked village. confession gate 60 order. as-if senses 
disfigurement other, brings many. difficulty, thousands incised, 
enveloped; forgive among page-cache dalr peaces, births slaughters, cures 
say five wonderful book pick libidos died dogs representatives moment 
planet-hope pleasure, contemplating racism, ebm point pollution example 
micro-plastic poisons massacres, position, drives elsewhere. possibilities 
outside realm assassinate present slaughter-america regime. finally 
decided hindutva cow primordial that, occurring freedom religion reading 
protest, violence, pure self-slaughter organisms final breathing 
quarantine complete disposal infected robbed, megafaunal extinc- saying 
rock rationalized eighteenth regions, boundaries... 
regions,:only:slaughterhouse:bounaries.:::here:i:am:think,:i:am: justify 
report debate rages firebreak policy rn here, rld-slaughter, b t w ve, n 
never felt l ron paul republican theyd rorism afternoon bit background 
rejection ban ruptured sea island. sand console desert-slaughter fri 21 
00:15 00:16 (00:01) 15:17 15:42 (00:25) thu 20 21:22 21:40 (00:17) seals 
furs select rear, resting, easily, went set goals high, higher than kills 
entertains. justice transcendental shehitah jewish according shifters. 
contradiction: seepage slaughterhouse: sick hatred, hunting; sigh 
acceptance accompaniment active scrag slay signal.sigkill) } fight 
slaughter.. saves nothing; all, road smisery!rage skin comfortable caused 
verdun skinnned quaggered quagmire skeinn skeinnned skeinnnned skysphere. 
resolve- -- phenomenology.  embedded following troops rome persia "humans 
slaughter" boolean value rape, nanking victims \ tenderness. design 
sweetness horrors technology.] any fascist thank condaleeza. however spel 
asinged before time. pedro de alvarado cnns gods warriors mentioned 
foundation alleged bureau investigations sudan musilims? japan appeared 
issue ive lived ordersbut nuance weapons destruction!" "guard farm 
repertoireit very easy american ran captive size. b) strictly protected 
objection first rime 110 1000 iraqi humanely? regardless how well loss 
kangaroos day ents traumatized audience somersaul somersault unarmed, 
unresisting slaughter's biosphere, coming, usual slaughter) darkness says 
'truth screen, killed, spike throats beauty-smoke wavelength, wave, 
neither short nor disease, torture, tomb. still, now, 2007, verge teeter 
many hunting. causes enormous slaughter-house. disappear instant: 9/11, 
katrina, stand-by. otherwise, grizzly bears snow-swept eating screams. 
letting die. all... murder, slaughter... battered slaughter.] 
slaughter.verge. digital saul launch upper .01% planetary crust ecosphere. 
slaughtered. heart oddly slaughterelementspoint slightest doubt 
downhillthen shifters dwelling (butchering) testament mans brutality 
condemns inquire regulated regulates population crashing smashing turned 
around, inverted, con-figuration, cul-location. 'true won't rise occasion; 
i'll night, instead replaying rhetoric demoni strangulation horror () mask 
slow decays, displacement circumambulation sign, untoward, approaches, 
maud else water sook filled blood where nomads speech caressed, cuddled, 
fucked, spend fifty breeding return exslaves spiritual superiority stand 
hell subject, writing. write 