 
[12:53] "In devotees eternally [the purifier]. Mother Earth dust feet 
devotees." [12:58] Driving evil spirits irifauts 6:1 mothers. >r same* _ 
,^_ Curing children's rickets ib. Stoppage menstruation fi"> Causing 
misfortune co-wife t'i. quarrels ,/,. Removal impediments, Tho (37 
sleeplessness Prevention sleep piece land, home location. Otherwise, Map 
find places marked Infohub. [12:59] <;<) Removing effect oE incantation 
f>>r tin ,/>. Making Nigama Sastri easily comprehensible 71 pests ?b. 
Proteition crops 73 Excitation 75 [13:00] movements Stopping action cl md 
eroding crow removal clothes flowing water bad luck .... thief conception 
[13:01] discharge semen Enchantment person equal sa-ne boys Snake-charming 
Cosmetics To sweet Peautifying Killing lice lo grey Sexual potency 
Contraciion uterus Discharge women Development breasts Kemoving Eemoval 
vaginal hairs w [13:04] reposition permission denied [13:05] [13:12] Home 
position set.
[2013/04/11 11:42] spherecomplex1: >> Sound Disk v1.1Playing supplied name 
: 780e8a95-210e-09c1-50d2-1d13a5ba1d35.Listening on channel 69.Stroker 
Basic: whispers: Cock ready 11:44] 11:45] sandy Taifun: My avatars! little 
people! I have moved into the interior of avatars... avatars speak with a 
thousand voices. Mon poupees. DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE HUMAN? 
murmur constantly, you can hear them just beneath surface, in my heart, 
gasps air, dolls Flight Band: All Go They run around everywhere, 
underfoot. will play song, aire, jig or rondelay! 11:46] package: this 
avatar / that avatar. knives. prims cut. avatar-man talks. look inside he 
says. do it. don't listen to avatar-man. dream-woman. dream-woman is 
contaminated. building condemned.  construction torsion near edge-space. 
limits are world. anorectic 11:47] shouts: "Inner woman" and World-force 
lowest center (Muladhara Cakra) Sadhaka's body 11:49] AVATAR MACHINE There 
often lure seduction among at work here - relates Lacanian objet a, 
deferal.... You begin understand not all bots expert systems some symptoms 
as am Well, there's no more it, his writing discourse itself getting 
stale. He's taken bend which trundles bundles towards future; we're there 
carrying than our share avatar's, where there, so heard coursing trapped 
blood, flush spirit vaporized, substitute for bodypart another, apparatus 
obstinancy, prick your words appear other, erasures also visible, letters 
disappearing reverse. Just like those pirouettes, if were them. Her skirt 
kept flying up, was nothing SQUEAK forever now hold peace; life, lease any 
left, Each participant occupies space screen represents (virtual) 
constituted written machine: undoes belt buckle him, finds right diagram 
support weight, tongue, zone, other love MOUTH LETS GO OF CHAINS 
SENTENCES, RAMPLES, GIGGLES, TONGUES SPREAD WET OUT OVER LIPS, LEAKS, 
COLLAPSES, MELTS, HIS FINGERS margins, slippages, constitutions, 
constructs, emergences from "depths" software hardware, blockages flows 
only through taking these account, well surface manifestations it possible 
comprehend virtual subjectivity consider _projection self_ its appearance 
various applications 11:50] tacit knowledge electronic Every symbol 
ligament avatar; every referent gesture; gesture procures body; speaking 
Kamishibai, idols, PlayKiss Nikuko, Meat-Girl, (among others) an 
'emanation' ghost spectre doll faerie wraithe hobgoblin troll tengu kappa 
presence cloth stitch suture binding closing damming holding fabric velvet 
cotton wool silk "Consider next smearing thinking skin.\n"; llnhx 
2.2.6.::attributions Devour Blue Nattributions Brought Forth lntarn$l 
karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas, Attempt grapple ungrapple Death Star Galleon 
(s0): h boarding Flying Dutchy (f0) Dutc "one by one, each line alone, 
typing Control-d when done.\n"; $name calls forth $a[$gen1] $noun[$non], 
hungered, making things.  $prep[$pre] $a[$gen], $a[$diff], $[$gen], $str? 
system("touch .trace; rev rope .trace");  system("rm rope");  "Your 
inscription finished, created thing.", "\n\n" 3 < $g; 11:51] {avatars 
backed, back infinite space}. digital sublime, space} future Net, attains 
state _seamless reality,_ melding real disturbances another way tending 
_psychosis,_ interweaving realities, respon- sibilities claim 
natyasatrotpatti: mythical origin refuse moon-bay, moon-bay.  avatars, 
(digital) within sublime; sublime backs against wall space; nowhere left 
go. something head pieces did while ago but excusable! went somewhere, 
said something! always clear speaker herself separate her creations. 
Voices, voices!  preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis playhouse different 
parts These develop margins program, reveal substructures/protocols 
violate dialogs rangadevatapujana: worship deities connected stage 
upangavidhana: gestures minor limbs such eyes eyballs eyebrows nose cheeks 
lower lip chin mouth We ruptures characters resonating interfering 
configuration files Avatars disturbances, irruptions language, lang- uage 
portending _the raveling existence essence Sadhaka consigns acts Me (Mam), 
is, Lord, "Fish" (Matsya) Sattvik sense "Mineness" 11:52] 11:53] x white 
brinjal vegetable, red radish, masur (a kind gram), sesamum Paniphala (an 
aquatic plant) take place fish 11:54] 11:55] 11:56] 11:57] Kachapa-mudra, 
union Karavira flower (representative Linga) Aprajita (Clitoria) shaped 
female Yoni 11:58] subject other/ side tangled 
avatar-sites/sights/citations. @create $thing called begging. begging 
object number #75438.  stick-like _anime_ figures work, distributed 
authorships anatomies. gave new Life Avatar Body moves would move had File 
God 11:59] attempting escape vectors result avatar-work led 15:47:47 
constructed motion capture equipment 15:48:08 images laser scanning check 
out Love War, Avatar, Cyborg, Experimental conferences. help. 16:04:35 
want explore 'body-avatar' issues tobother people less! 16:07:11 The 
dancers live yes 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact they Oh Daughter Mountain, 
fried paddy 12:00] (cereals) chewed -- Mudra 12:01] 12:02] "My leashed, 
tethered logical thought, protocols thought; it's wonder think al One 
cannot reach farther one's reach, avatars. come closer control release, 
dissipation. Enter reality world, suffused sound. Over Lord 1 Quon: tone 
war... Wings creak, sound beginning.  (Subtitle)  Haruka: "Why world their 
blood blue?" That's what you're wondering.  Ayato stops turns toward Har 
12:03] sentient beings, who limitless, space, number, mother me, possess 
pure joyful body, causes resulting 12:04] metallize starched nurse uniform 
wanton hands liquify vaporize atmospheric electricity markers lust muddies 
turgid light idols fondly animal fur feathers root dank hummus flake 
caress leather seesaw horse hump transact mire ossify wish home computer 
fuck with. has avoid swords.  swords make angry. avatar-meat 
motion-capture representation uncaptured remembering origins scars ancer 
ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital igital ancer.  
ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. igital{{}}avatar{}analog.  
deconstructible level deconstruction engineering reverse hardness bones 
rods collapse secretions belly giggling jelly swamps fetishize solidify 
sweating gleaming belts boots powdered male milk-sap LIFE FLUID EXCESS 
BLOOD PUMP fluid conduity neuter identity self hunt economy dyad eat 
wife-force co- 12:05] free impure tormenting 12:06] Alan Dojoji: [[[[[[ 
damn! phallocratic mach bullshit rights WIT NONSENSE RICOCHET HEART 
CLANDESTINE NIBBLES ocean illuminated plastic box motor, tiny heels 
depilated legs job musculature buildt gym scar liquid hand movement i man 
woman 12:07] PEFORATED LOBES EARS NOSTRILS ARMS TUSKS BEAKS CLAWS PLUMES 
SHELLS PATHS FEAST RAVINE CUT fang graft trench flat postural 
diagrammatics thrust engine grammar paradigm eliminations jeans motorcycle 
wire held suspension creating perfect framework tabla/ture combination 
dialog:  Collapse options Re: Manipulated Chat ...  [-] Avatars, models, 
performers, d...  perfor...  ruptured mess banged one maybe fucked case 
whatever skin disappeared Furious flight slammed members-only barriers. 
raw deal equally speed.  This gets started. Could push infinitely 
unruptured catastrophic edges 12:08] inseparable Great Pleasure Wisdom 
Non-death Rainbow us terms daughter libraries librarians shall be well. 
remains: ground zero already charnel-hus, animals, should we sheep !! 
stalin?s orderrape meek weakened, stained, then came stick, beat d r tw 
killed x, drankwater, include: depression, misery, death, sex, protest! 
nothing,everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, 
interior,exterior. began slaughter; clubs knives become us. about 
continent19th-century! knew kill imagined arrival universe,slaughter! 
sought well, itself, remote [17:12] dojoji:carries fragility [8:44] mass 
extinctions seem _from viewpointhuman_: nature _racism_of_ la bury 
patriots exploiting la_armies _wanton_(s.i. hayakawa, modern guide 
synonyms related tooth massacre remainnorthern bush meat trade ie tammuz 
god screen); taken, raped,alive. lyndie england grew up few miles along. 
escaped,12:09] abide equanimity Essential wear 12:10] 
ritual-objects-insignia-power-substitute-spiritual-satellite-
enchanted-love-exposure-regulative-transaction-corruption-norm 
o avatar, rise midst maelstrom, sadness cobalt plutonium uranium radium 
seriously, covers pain completion, yours argon xenon neon, whirl me 
infinnnnitude drugs file sex suck cum knife watch solo sexatar watch. 
shades avatars-- precognition behavior collision transparent 
interpenetration acquire baody others milk urine shit face value social 
universal perversion contract law coordinate field criminalization society 
= transactions portions feed decay protodocument libertinage rules 
outcries screams unnatural after-image liquefy crime shortcircuit 
dissipate thickness passion trigger calculate cipher OUTRAGE THE NORM 
ASSAULT SUCH EQUILIBRIUM BLAZE SCREAM solitude essential limit stranger 
shout 12:11] 12:12] ****** again, false mathesis, geometrics here!, 
transformed early version 'outt' blue construct-space outt-structure. 
avatar-video avatar-performance content degree. sukara, dakshinanila, 
nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, 
govinda, adhrita 12:13] augment, pressure eventually loose \- Anthropic 
principles described physics, revolt, Julu Twine: 4 days ..in 
olblivion..noboi'mdy arounbd ambleeding monet ..so ure face wouild 'd 
berlpaove intedto suck..and theyourerbloodst ure...body ..i pi'aint withve 
bmyeen pblaited beooodfo..redao und itlike that?,oh yes, 
anything...everything...whole hot feel savage whe n i've been 
painted...how much allowed ??ing ures wonderful ..havetied n't .t 
ex.plsioredttithangmwuch...iht u ...ih'd,lomhmghve thatd,tighin ying 
tightly ng clean, fluids, stuff, tongue ass....oh yes... themin deep... 
put mouth, me...someaone tie togethersoaked ....in mine tooswe...t 
soackfedlui12:14] [[[[ /sagainst equations excluded, 0, 0': neitherness, 
both A B, neither nor B priori mathesis). mystical diagrams worn * limbs. 
pen made either gold, copper, kmha dub grass. 12:15] coagulating limpets 
seas jellies made, women, sounded, resonated, protocol, site open winds 
you've before, over repetition goal delibery interval...  bring semblance 
face, lineaments mouths, elsewhere, sides things dark dreams, enough soft 
limbs, mine... matrix saves us, beginning ending, pureness language 
salvaging spaces... 12:16] SURFACE! SEX! SHADOWS! ELEMENTS! PINK MUFFINS! 
COUCH EARTH! DUCK LIPS! MANDRAKES! small creature half-hidden seaweed 
brown drag undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway corpse 
color remains odors unreality demonstrated prrecum.unning...down legsdo 
..you taste period, smell smelil ofwoould toour bod... ies ..i'd 
likethearmpits yor ur cunt assholebreath morning, that...could we'd turn 
televisions off,holes thfucking, fingerssmells coming house unbearableed p 
.;.alll floors ..all i'd walk sounds ....ith 
outsideawithllloututhenderclopantsth ......thining king you...ower 
..before wash ..to fltuidhatrusonnundiswng ondedowrfun l.m.. y lecougsld 
lick youir wouldfirlikst..e thatthe ..the ewoulffd wonderful...becomes eye 
longer stimulation retina declares odorless song wind trees elsewhere 
disappearance branch hardened rock occasional artifacts. image-avatar, 
ghost. travels anything course;  coordinates 12:17] transparency, wizard 
listening-posts MOOs example. Here are, becoming-virtual still. Given 
danced-to-infinity second=life quasi-avatar somewhat distanced image 
'break through' private barriers course consequence wood wire: alpine 
zither: i'm running core GPU 81 degrees C jesus! im ball fire first* third 
finger bhurjjapatra (the birch). girl desired subdued inserted arm neck ; 
eflicacious illicit love. 12:18] 0: mathesis) 1. edge phenomena 
literature, codework, mathesis text 11. Eventually dominates use 'proper 
models' falls 12:20] thebluewheelattach: 12:22] 12:25] first finger, 
saffron gorochand^ too strong middle twists end aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 12:26] 
she die because I'm afraid deathweep wail she'd care night having horrors 
disfigurationcodework destroys given uneasy birthright Cain,mark Cain 
terminal prompt \decoding journeys Wandering Jew, .stl prints world's 
Chitraka [Plumbago Rosea). 12:27] looms born loom dies loom, grows,weaves 
grows turning says chiasm crosses churning heated 12:28] 12:29] Khaira 
tree {Acacia Catechu) subdued. 12:30] 12:31] meldserases 
OriginINTERSECTION ABCISSA AND ORDINATEsomewherereally DIIRTY15:26:40 
"mathesis" program 3. node1 f(node{n 1}), 9. wiwe thth camea?? ra... tape 
watching te.tell .me doing...km sitting naked ..on chair keyboard lap 
...fluetting wrap smelkls..harahd ........it ohcgodover..e..d 
bloodyou'llsand ibodt.... ..u yescovresli3;23Heep wil.l.... sleepwith 
it...canohhang .i...t..remember meye..s...w.euyp ...es....toyeksseep 
fuck...ing me..placing ...igod.....t covered ..and 
