? artnet /at end (fwd) Sysadmins systemics 
syzygy tabla tamiami tanka tantra tantric taxonomies This tantra. [6:17] 
seance You: [11:49] Alan Dojoji: Sandy, heard from Garrett, they're 
running 10 minutes late [11:50] Can put some text in? [11:51] walking 
space Sadhaka consigns all his acts Me (Mam), is, Lord, "Fish" (Matsya) 
Sattvik knowledge by which through sense "Mineness" [11:52] There often 
lure seduction among at work here - relates Lacanian objet a, deferal.... 
your words appear other, erasures are also visible, letters disappearing 
reverse. Each participant occupies screen represents (virtual) constituted 
written only taking account, well surface manifestations possible 
comprehend virtual subjectivity margins, slippages, constitutions, 
constructs, emergences "depths" software hardware, blockages flows 
consider _projection self_ its appearance various applications completes 
every number. other. multiple bodies; might worth looking works tantra, 
velocipede buddhism, viral language own Life. Second ask tantras kind 
originary stance, empty one. Through modeling [11:53] dive pts/73 Apr 11 
09:16 (50.197.103.41:S.0) rsergeant pts/74 Mar 5 14:32 (166.84.7.165) 
fifer01 pts/75 14:13 (64.131.190.55) omar pts/77 25 15:57 (75.146.225.65) 
mbac pts/78 14:51 (38.105.200.252:S.2) arko pts/8 3 00:29 (66.65.24.35) 
grinch pts/80 11:45 (12.164.27.31) swood pts/82 14:23 (86.46.19.7) kynn 
pts/83 4 12:20 (134.174.140.104) jposhea3 pts/84 31 20:32 (98.116.101.132) 
rbf pts/86 6 16:20 (173.229.155.4) pts/87 Feb 17:48 (38.105.200.252:S.0) 
kylet pts/88 13:16 (209.23.223.4) ybmcu pts/89 09:51 (166.84.167.19) nstr 
pts/9 00:08 (97.65.98.162) wotw pts/90 13:41 (69.207.162.145) checker 
pts/92 14:24 (216.15.4.160) pts/93 x white brinjal vegetable, red radish, 
masur (a gram), sesamum Paniphala (an aquatic plant) take place fish 
21786933 drwx--s--x 27 sondheim users 8192 14:47 . 14328090 drwxr-xr-x 30 
root 4096 29 16:22 .. 21786936 drwx--S--- Aug 2000 .BitchX 22449989 
-rw------- 1 37830 01:05 .addressbook 15968150 41272 18 2010 
.addressbook.lu 2713961 May 22 .alpine-smime 4769221 -rw----r-- 0 15 2004 
.bashrc4769222 Jul 9 2009 .comc4769223 77 23 1994 .delgroups4769224 Jun 
.editor624652 2 12:08 .elinks21786938 drwx------ .elm 4769225 -rw-r--r-- 
266 .emacs21786939 Sep 28 2003 .emacs.d 33426582 -rw-- [11:54] Well, 
there's more it, writing discourse itself getting stale. He's taken bend 
trundles bundles towards future; we're there carrying than our share 
avatar's, where there, so You begin understand not bots expert systems 
symptoms am Just those pirouettes, if were them. Her skirt kept flying up, 
was nothing SQUEAK forever now peace; life, lease any left, [11:55] future 
Net, when attains state _seamless reality,_ melding real disturbances 
another way tending _psychosis,_ interweaving realities, respon- 
sibilities claim always clear speaker herself separate her creations. 
Voices, voices!  These develop limits margins program, reveal 
substructures/protocols violate dialogs We ruptures created characters 
resonating interfering configuration files Avatars disturbances, 
irruptions language, lang- uage portending _the raveling existence essence 
natyasatrotpatti: mythical origin ail/spool/panix/8/b/sondheim@panix.com 
33426594 .mailer 33426595 -rwxrwxrwx 331 Oct 20 1998 .mailme 21786941 
drwx--x--x 7 .mailspool 33426596 815 1999 .memo 11167198 257 15:26 
.message 21557531 .message.old 33426599 2012 .motd-social_time 21557532 
.motd_time 33426601 .msgsrc 33426602 526 Nov .muttrc 21786942 .ncftp 
7830207 405 Dec 17 .ncrecent7830208 .newnewsrc17612 7830209 
preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis playhouse different parts 
upangavidhana: gestures minor limbs such eyes eyballs eyebrows nose cheeks 
lower lip chin mouth rangadevatapujana: worship deities connected stage 
[11:56] {avatars backed, back infinite space}. digital sublime, space} 
refuse moon-bay, moon-bay.  avatars, (digital) within sublime; sublime 
backs against wall space; nowhere left go. something head pieces did while 
ago but excusable! went somewhere, said something! churns she die because 
I'm afraid death weep wail about she'd care night having horrors 
disfiguration codework destroys given us uneasy birthright Cain, mark Cain 
terminal prompt \ decoding journeys Wandering Jew, .stl file prints out 
world's looms [11:57] Kachapa-mudra, union Karavira flower (representative 
Linga) Aprajita (Clitoria) shaped female Yoni [11:58] it's born loom dies 
loom, grows, weaves grows turning says i right chiasm crosses churning 
Life: No room sit here, try spot. [11:59] gave new Life Avatar Body moves 
would move had File called God result avatar-work led 15:47:47 constructed 
motion capture equipment 15:48:08 images laser scanning attempting escape 
vectors check Love War, Avatar, Cyborg, Experimental conferences. for 
help. 16:04:35 want explore 'body-avatar' issues tobother people less! 
16:07:11 dancers live yes 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact they Oh Daughter 
Mountain, fried paddy [12:00] ite kill father mother s swallows time 
family favorite sister brother son daughter i'm favorite, (cereals) chewed 
-- Mudra [12:01] thebluewheelattach: >> Sound Disk v1.1 Playing supplied 
name : 780e8a95-210e-09c1-50d2-1d13a5ba1d35. Listening channel 69. [12:02] 
somewhere really DIIRTY "My leashed, tethered logical thought, protocols 
thought; wonder al One cannot come closer control release, dissipation. 
reach farther thinking one's reach, avatars. Enter reality suffused sound. 
Over Lord Quon: tone war... Wings creak, sound beginning.  (Subtitle)  
Haruka: "Why their blood blue?" That's what you're wondering.  Ayato stops 
toward Har bluecarterwheelperform: [12:03] sentient beings, who limitless, 
space, number, me, possess pure joyful body, causes resulting [12:05] 
number free impure tormenting [12:06] don't listen dream-woman avatar-man.  
dream-woman. contaminated. building condemned.  [[[[[[ damn! phallocratic 
mach bullshit rights WIT NONSENSE RICOCHET HEART CLANDESTINE NIBBLES ocean 
illuminated plastic box motor, tiny heels depilated legs job musculature 
buildt gym scar liquid hand movement man woman [12:07] PEFORATED LOBES OF 
EARS HIS NOSTRILS ARMS TUSKS BEAKS CLAWS PLUMES SHELLS PATHS BLOOD FEAST 
RAVINE CUT fang graft trench flat postural diagrammatics thrust torsion 
engine grammar paradigm eliminations jeans motorcycle tabla/ture 
combination dialog:  Collapse options cloth wire held suspension creating 
perfect framework Re: Manipulated Chat ...  [-] Avatars, models, 
performers, d...  perfor...  ruptured mess banged one maybe fucked case 
whatever skin disappeared gets started. Could push infinitely unruptured 
catastrophic edges Furious flight slammed members-only barriers. raw deal 
equally speed.  [12:08] inseparable Great Pleasure Wisdom Non-death 
Rainbow terms libraries librarians shall well. remains: ground zero 
already charnel-hus, animals, should we sheep !! stalin?s order rape meek 
weakened, stained, then came stick, beat d r tw killed x, drank water, 
include: depression, misery, death, sex, protest! has nothing, everything, 
slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, exterior. began 
slaughter; clubs knives become us. continent 19th-century! knew imagined 
arrival universe, slaughter! sought well, itself, remote [17:12] dojoji: 
carries fragility self [8:44] mass extinctions seem _from viewpoint 
human_: nature _racism_of_ la bury patriots exploiting la_armies _wanton_ 
(s.i. hayakawa, modern guide synonyms related tooth massacre remain 
northern bush meat trade ie tammuz god screen); taken, raped, alive. 
lyndie england grew up few miles along. escaped, [12:09] abide equanimity 
Essential Items successfully shared. wear [12:10] 
ritual-objects-insignia-power-substitute-spiritual-satellite-enchanted-love-exposure-regulative-transaction-corruption-norm 
seriously, covers pain completion, yours argon xenon neon, me sex fuck 
suck cum o avatar, rise midst maelstrom, sadness cobalt plutonium uranium 
radium infinnnnitude drugs knife watch solo sexatar watch. shades 
avatars-- precognition behavior collision transparent interpenetration 
acquire baody others milk urine shit value social universal perversion 
contract law coordinate field anorectic construction near edge-space. 
world. criminalization society = transactions portions feed decay 
protodocument libertinage rules outcries screams unnatural after-image 
liquefy vaporize crime shortcircuit dissipate thickness passion trigger 
calculate cipher OUTRAGE THE NORM ASSAULT SUCH EQUILIBRIUM BLAZE SCREAM 
solitude essential limit stranger shout [12:11] [12:12] ****** again, 
false mathesis, geometrics here!, blue construct-space outt-structure. 
each avatar-video avatar-performance content other degree. transformed 
early version 'outt' sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, 
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita [12:13] 
stitch suture binding closing damming fabric velvet cotton wool silk ghost 
spectre doll faerie wraithe hobgoblin troll tengu kappa presence "Consider 
next smearing skin.\n"; "Your inscription finished, thing.", "\n\n" < $g; 
"one one, line alone, typing Control-d done.\n"; $name calls forth 
$a[$gen1] $noun[$non], hungered, making things.  $prep[$pre] $a[$gen], 
$a[$diff], $[$gen], $str? system("touch .trace; rev rope .trace");  
system("rm rope");  augment, pressure eventually loose \- Anthropic 
principles described physics, revolt, days ..in olblivion..noboi'mdy 
arounbd ambleeding monet ..so ure fa ce wouild 'd berlpaove intedto 
suck..and theyourer bloodst ure...body ..i pi'aint withve bmyeen pblaited 
beooodfo.. re dao und love itlike that?,oh yes, anything... 
everything...whole hot feel savage whe n i've been painted... how much 
allowed ?? ing ures wonderful havetied n't t ex.plsioredttithang 
mwuch...iht u ...ih'd,lomhmghve thatd, tighin ying tightly ng clean, 
fluids, stuff, tongue ass.... oh yes... themin deep... mouth, make me... 
someaone tie togethersoaked ....in mine tooswe...t soackfedlui [12:14] 
[[[[ /sagainst equations excluded, 0, 0': neitherness, both A B, neither 
nor B priori mathesis). mystical diagrams worn male * limbs. pen made 
either gold, copper, kmha dub grass. [12:15] made, women, sounded, 
resonated, protocol, site winds coagulating limpets seas jellies you've 
before, over repetition goal delibery interval...  bring semblance 
lineaments mouths, speaking elsewhere, sides things matrix saves us, 
beginning ending, pureness salvaging spaces... dark dreams, enough soft 
limbs, mine... [12:16] small creature half-hidden seaweed gleaming brown 
drag undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway SURFACE! SEX! 
SHADOWS! ELEMENTS! PINK MUFFINS! COUCH EARTH! DUCK LIPS! MANDRAKES! corpse 
light color remains odors unreality demonstrated prrecum.unning...down 
legsdo ..you taste period, smell smelil ofwoould toour bod... ies ..i'd 
likethe armpits yor ur cunt asshole breath morning, that... we'd 
televisions off, holes th fucking, fingers smells coming house unbearable 
ed p .;.alll floors ..all i'd walk sounds ....ith outsideawithlllout 
uthenderclopantsth ...... thining king you... ower ..before wash ..to 
fltuidhatrusonnundis wng ondedowrfun l.m.. y lecougsld lick youir 
wouldfirlikst..e thatthe ..the ewoulffd wonderful... becomes eye longer 
stimulation retina declares odorless song wind trees image-avatar, ghost. 
travels anything course;  coordinates disappearance branch hardened rock 
occasional artifacts. elsewhere [12:17] image 'break through' private 
barriers course consequence transparency, wizard listening-posts MOOs 
example. Here are, becoming-virtual still. Given danced-to-infinity 
motion-capture second=life quasi-avatar somewhat distanced wood wire: 
alpine zither: core GPU 81 degrees C jesus! im ball fire first* diagram 
third finger bhurjjapatra (the birch). girl desired subdued inserted arm 
neck ; eflicacious illicit love. [12:18] tape watching te. tell .me 
doing... km sittin g naked ..on chair keyboard lap ...fluetting wrap smel 
kls ..harahd ........it ohcgodover..e..d bloodyou'llsand ibodt.... ..u 
yescovr e sli3;23Heep wil.l.... sleepwith it... canohhang .i...t 
..remember meye..s...w.e use uyp ...es....toyeksseep fuck...ing 
me..placing ...i god.....t covered ..and qit's too strong middle 0: 
mathesis) 1. edge phenomena literature, codework, mathesis 11. Eventually 
dominates 'proper models' falls [12:20] [12:24] Garrett Lynch [12:25] 
first finger, saffron gorochand^ aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa [12:26] [12:27] 
Chitraka [Plumbago Rosea). heated [12:28] subject other/ side tangled 
avatar-sites/sights/citations. @create $thing begging. begging object 
#75438.  stick-like _anime_ figures work, distributed authorships 
anatomies. [12:30] [12:31] melds erases Origin INTERSECTION ABCISSA AND 
ORDINATE15:26:40 "mathesis" program 3. node1 f(node{n 1}), 9. wiwe thth 
camea?? ra... [12:32] 