 one can considered the order as an 
inscription, an imperative: the body hanging from bone, the bone as 
bone-order, as a cleared and proper body. you might log into this, you 
might log into me, you might log out.it's not here, the body's not here. 
the holding-pen is where it begins to fall apart, where pain dominates. 
i'm exhausted now, i'm not making any sense. the I changes to i.eyes can't 
hold up the body. they're not bone. eyes begin to fall apart, to take the 
backbone apart. and it goes limp, it doesn't do anything, it's just a 
pool, it's damp, it's drying.so this is drying, drying-out, this is a 
crackling, a dust-bowl or dust-storm.this blows away, this crinkled. pain 
is like that, pain dries up, pain disappears. i disappear too. the body 
disappears.

one can considered the order as an inscription, an imperative: the body 
hanging from bone, the bone as bone-order, as a cleared and proper body. 
you might log into this, you might log into me, you might log out.it's not 
here, the body's not here. the holding-pen is where it begins to fall 
apart, where pain dominates. i'm exhausted now, i'm not making any sense. 
the I changes to i.eyes can't hold up the body. they're not bone. eyes 
begin to fall apart, to take the backbone apart. and it goes limp, it 
doesn't do anything, it's just a pool, it's damp, it's drying.so this is 
drying, drying-out, this is a crackling, a dust-bowl or dust-storm.this 
blows away, this crinkled. pain is like that, pain dries up, pain 
disappears. i disappear too. the body disappears. 
