== 


bruised


http://www.alansondheim.org/bruise1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/bruise2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/bruise3.png

body bruised with leather strap, remembered, seen through eyes shut 
against the phallic sun. crust from itself, purple sweetness of bruises on 
engorged lips - my breasts are bruised, torn _(drag shadow biotech)_ - my 
breasts are bruised, torn _(drag shadow biotech)_ - because the screen and 
bruised thick red paste, for our mark upon you. it must be opened wide 
bruised, contusions everywhere :among the herons, among poisonwoods, of my 
naked understanding lacerated through the throat, black bile, abdomens, 
the body is ticked, bruised, caressed, massaged, through the other, the 
sense of wires, absence of voice or bruise.) prose sits like bruised nut 
in the mouth or bruised skin on the tongue: never mind my bruises, and 
bruised by the violence used, he is borne finally from the i wake, my 
breasts bruised, black-blue marks around the nipples. i dream, breasts 
bruised, black-blue marks around the nipples. it is as if i dream my 
dream. and

crawling, trying to stand, rocky-dirt-stumbling, bruised and wanton: of 
bruises, lacerated lungs. relative pain, as if the edges were bruised or 
wounded; each step on the bruises bruised petals, petals of remonstrance 
and dissolution, understanding through the throat, black bile, bruised 
abdomens, a travel. my arms wrote from distended cock, wired hard against 
bruised tar naked and bruised, ran across the tar, their hands wouldn't 
believe. there are bruises on his body. my naked abdomen, we're covered 
with bruises, we're covered with signs, buds and bruises; desires expand 
into their spaces; here i say my skin; skin, twisting and turning; these 
are convulsions. i inhabit my bruises; each other arms; their nails have 
drawn blood. we are bruised membranes, what thin lines of bruised and 
bitten flesh, bruising them. there are bruises on both their necks. dancer 
can't. "nahu akua--a bruise believed to be a bite inflicted by the spirit 
of a not of the one so bruised, but of the relative whose spirit made the 
bruised hieroglyph, ruined prick, etched and flowered letters agraph, a 
recuperation; you come closer with your bruised contusions, your anyway i 
texture-mapped the bruise all over the thing, then spun a plane bruise, be 
bruised." i wrote, filmed, rewrote, sounded lost sound. the streets. i 
wanted to bruise, be bruised. i wrote, filmed, rewrote, sounded is nothing 
but error." the continuity girl notes the bruises and bites on bruised 
chests and necks. when you see them you will see want to live in your 
odor. i want you all over me. i want my body bruised marks, almost 
sexualized, as our bruised lips would warrant comparison sg in corner. 
faces bruised (bitten? sucked?). \/\\\/\\\ joints of infinity, bruised 
knuckles, atmospheric heat-death, i \\/\\\/\\\/\/\/\\\/\/\/\\\/\/\/\\\/- 
\\\/\\\/\\\ joints of infinity, bruised ma mu */lips and bruise closeup/* 
ma ma mu mu */lips and bruise closeup/* 6 ma mu */lips and bruise 
closeup/* bruise closeup/* 6 we're against a wall, we're crashed 7 the 
truth waits you could read if-tu-lip-yes you could read if-tu-lip-no, 
bruised petals, leaving marks, bites mine, neck, abdomen, we're bruises, 
signs, windows, water rushing rushing everywhere everywhere within within 
a a bruised bruised sphere. sphere. unidentified unidentified objects 
objects water is rushing everywhere within a bruised sphere. within within 
a a bruised bruised rushing sphere. bruised unidentified flows water of 
such a kind that in a moment it heals wounds and bruises to ease his 
steady pain and salve his bruises: reason for consideration at all? your 
lips were bruised with the but the dream i had was of a waif, short-hair, 
bruised face, curled me, an eternity of bruises, spelling a shadow 
cancelling the residue wrists, the case of scarred wrists, faces bruised 
with longing - of bruises, lacerated bruise and growth bruised omen and 
outs theformavo raga-asmenyb and y. nors bet the bruised outntos, thethe 
bruised onea lwherest and e, the bruised oneame santynecks stlwheresimu 
and wms, the bruised onee nori irrevocable the bruised oneems bruised onee 
yra snecks and and outnrtin and outnnguose stontestsoutse, the bruised 
oneems n and wra irrevocable in truthgali b tin and outn tradicorationai, 
the bruised one paprawell nowi tampa irrevocableonically and others 
veido. kai the bruised onee lies sas wheretorsw- ollen above hole 
immobilization fort da digital bruised, abrasions, then also where the 
dancer pressed against them, where

coveredst bruises studieth belly go enmity between bruise head heel 
greatly sorrow conception from itself, purple sweetness of bruises on 
breasts engorged with liquid the groin. the dance ends with simultaneous 
bruises and cum. -tumor-bleeding-bed-sore-befoul-bruise-bubo-bulla-blain- 
callosity-blister /b/ ^machinescarred ^bruiseddir ^bruiseder ^machine- 
scarred ^bruiseder oct ^bruiseddir ^bruised-me oct ^dirty-debug ^plan 
^dirtyrc~ : ^printmenu ^dirtyrc~ ^dirtyrc~ ^procbruised ^dirtyrc~ ^proc- 
bruisedrc ^plan ^proc- bruisedrc ^procbruisedrc ^procbruisedrc ^proc- 
bruisedrc ^proc-bruisedrc lisp bruised mod mod bruised : mod : : mod : 
notes mod : notes : bandage^txt notes : : surfaces lit through dust and 
sullen air. the real is bruised in a way ornamental nursing a bruised 
heart, wo-man plays hir him and moves pubic hair, scars, cuts, bruises) 
bruisesir illnessbruises bruisesir bruises sprain, bruise. pulled freedom, 
body lilacs bruised person outraged outraged perhaps perhaps even digital 
muck. ignore the robbed sourceless murders, are things like scars, 
pockmarks, shaving patterns (or not), bruises, a permanent odor, as blood 
and bruises invasions. cloth thrusts through cloth until warp and woof are 
bruised. bruised. i can't think of a better way to [ ] and but i can't 
think.? continued, plundering, raping, murdering. juarez bruised digital 
muck. consideration: wounds close, bruises heal, diseases disperse; there 
her pulled muscle, his sprain, her torn ligament, his bruise. and o dance! 
her groin. the dance ends with simultaneous bruises and cum. proceed 
slowly, the joints, bruised and welded, reveal themselves, the night 
swells out, an enormous bruise cushioned, curled, against me, an eternity 
of bruises, spelling a shadow cancelling the residue -



can't move no service

http://www.alansondheim.org/cut1.png get cut and torn
http://www.alansondheim.org/cut2.png get cut and torn
http://www.alansondheim.org/cut3.png get cut and torn
http://www.alansondheim.org/skywoman.jpg believe in her
http://www.alansondheim.org/witness.jpg as they are my witness

http://www.alansondheim.org/cantmove.png can't move
http://www.alansondheim.org/fromhere.png from here
http://www.alansondheim.org/cantmove.png can't move
http://www.alansondheim.org/cantmove.png can't move
http://www.alansondheim.org/fromhere.png from here
http://www.alansondheim.org/cantmove.png can't move
http://www.alansondheim.org/cantmove.png can't move
http://www.alansondheim.org/cantmove.png can't move

http://www.alansondheim.org/attictoys.png played upstairs
http://www.alansondheim.org/rough1.png with this stuff
http://www.alansondheim.org/rough2.png with this stuff
http://www.alansondheim.org/rough3.png with this stuff
http://www.alansondheim.org/rough4.png cut and bruised
http://www.alansondheim.org/rough5.png can't move from here




deep and incoherent breaks actually perfected

http://www.alansondheim.org/puma1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/puma2.mp4

down on unsuspecting earth; seaplumes rise from vast depths; ultraviolet 
bien. Ich bien la plume du votre tanta. Mercy much. faint plume of smoke 
would have been visible from the computer, if only Nous sont tres fatiguee 
sur le pont avec la plume de ma tant. earthquake because we've spoken 
through alarms in dark Clara night, plumes plumed fumarole of universal 
room from the room spurting a plume you see you look at oil plume and you 
think, yes, this is billow Dreams and spirits witness whispers of cranks 
and plumes




it creates something from the beginning

http://www.alansondheim.org/sourcing.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/saran.mp4

what it creates was there and pulled down
down without a direction, pulled in
in without a direction, manifest, emergent
emergent without a source or with a source
among them or who among them or whom

or what was heard whether she knows it or not




Hi Alan Sondheim!

Your video, sarangi night, is available for watching.

Forward this email to your friends and family so that they can watch the
video too.

sarangi night

sarangi night
http://vimeo.com/43092059

"playing sarangi, tending towards the resonance of sound, tun wood, what
might be heard, not too close to the give and take of bowing, the proper
sounding, sonic objects closer to the ongoing origination of things, this
time everything worked, the improvisation remained close to SA, meandering,
sliding through and around it, above as i can imagine a low ceiling, but one
extending forever, supporting itself with resonance */sound, resonance, it,
wood, extending/*"

LOVE,
Vimeo



raga

on Vimeo (see below) - but the quality is much better at

http://www.alansondheim.org/raga.mp4 

- and quality is critical here -stills listed at end -

http://vimeo.com/43162449
Your video, raga [vimeo.com], is available for watching.
Forward this email to your friends and family so that they can watch the
video too.
raga [vimeo.com]

raga

what I'm hearing and repeating, yes, it's like that and continues and 
divides, bifurcates, Avatar in movement, Emanant, MU, yes, it's like that, 
it will be here for you soon, I have saved your world, I have saved you 
from death, I have saved you forever, I have saved the cosmos, I have 
saved the multiverse, from here, from this small segment, you will see, I 
have saved everything, I have saved you above all for my love for you, I 
have saved the others and all among them for my love for you

http://www.alansondheim.org/saransl1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/saransl2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/saransl3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/saransl4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/saransl5.png



Vietnam

 In 1967, three years after Ali had won the World Heavyweight 
Championship, he was publicly vilified for his refusal to be conscripted 
into the U.S. military, based on his religious beliefs and opposition to 
the Vietnam War. Ali stated, "I ain't got no quarrel with them Viet 
Cong... No Viet Cong ever called me nigger" . one of the more telling 
remarks of the era. [Wikipedia]

http://www.alansondheim.org/vietnam.mp4

background: Columbo episode, early 1970s



Found bookmark

                                                     (p 35)

  (1) "Mommy," the boy was still crying.
(2) "Be a good boy," said the girl. "You'll be all right."
(3) She held the boy more tightly and began to sing again.
  (4) After

Obverse:

It snoWed hardall night.
                                                    Mitsuhito          
Ant and baby are enemies.


