==

THE AUDIENCE

asondheim: so yes, if I draw something here, then it appears only 
here, but it appears to you, the audience

asondheim: and we can transform or otherwise modify the audience 
by creating or transforming text, which acts as a catalyst; in 
this indeterminate world, however, the catalyst onky sparks - what 
happens afterwards, or within or without the duration, is unknown.

asondheim: but it is sure that something occurs, one might say or 
write, in-relation, that is in-relation to the text or act of 
inscription, however it is carried out here, for the audience.

asondheim: So that there is a hiatus, between giving you, the 
audience, a text, and granting the crew, a program or discussion 
matrix behind the scenes, equal weight in a final text, as if this 
were possible?

asondheim: WE ARE CAPABLE OF HEARING ONE, and we assume, for all 
practical intents and purposes, that ONE is all there is, that 
there is no other: it is only by virtue of my name, asondheim, 
that I can say, suture, that both in fact exist

asondheim: WHERE ARE YOU? WHERE IS EVERYONE? Netsplit seems to 
have occurred. Is anyone there? Is anyone there? Has anyone ever 
been there???

THE CREW

asondheim: on the other hand, this is text for the positioning and 
discussion of the crew, occurring at somewhat the same time and 
place as the catalyst for the audience. what can be said here, but 
background and the specificity of instruction - as if the crew 
were capable of guiding the audience to a closer tolerance than 
might appear at first glance?

asondheim: WE ARE CAPABLE OF HEARING BOTH

asondheim: WE ARE CAPABLE OF HEARING BOTH, and I say to you 
Nicole, SHUT THE TAP DOWN, TURN IT OFF, and we will continue out 
of sight and out of mind, out of site and out of mine, out of cite 
and out of mined, on our own, the two of us BEFORE OR IN THE 
VICINITY OF THE SCREEN, the pixels muted, digital media murmuring 
only the background radiation of the universe itself.

