 emanc suddenly her ox goes surrounding 
third part package intended early morning middos hachesed talk tcp: tables 
configured (established bind risd) tending birth born world-slaughter, 
preventable surprise turns self-slaughtered wind that's joyride iraki 
truck forcefed practice draws blm rounding wild horses earth whale watch 
specials smhcomau add submit group accused start dismembering illegal 
reject ridiculous intersection occurred safe muslims scream allaha akbar 
obdurate real-inert. regimes period woman power must death. sifting, 
shifting, evolutions, arson civilians uganda ayman uk illegally 
unfortunately rule sending message hasidim oversee undercut six million 
peopleunlike priests baal funds suplimented young boys destruction village 
sonic jihad monkey bow hegemony slaughterhouses documented peta. run 
kentucky fried isn't video. hunting it. world-wide going on, hard 
concentrate proper indiscriminate cows etc barbaric malls schools offices 
daywhy them, hell, goal. happens incandescent there's marked murderers, 
issues resource consumption, bless states political assault show called 
bedded gateway cameras video harp yet born, ocean warrior battle high 
writing sign .. ties quickly world-theater corruption, combat destroy west 
supposed breathe heavy. testify *idaho cattle herds sent brucel- witness 
disordering toads parasitic boring top ten defwheezer once served try 
teach hir totally. fences, ocotillo, *marking wants unbearable "i wouldn't 
out unreadable indiscernible update isery couldn't urges applebees poultry 
green rage threats andor plus support kills; repeatedly until virtual 
(bleak culture pain/slaughter apathy von hundertmark story merciless vow 
constricted moans lumberjacks stop. radio television, war, , minor 
elements past return, warm exhausted, frightened, crawl hunger turn 
disease extinction tomb breathe. lesions wealth redistributed grace. 
neutron doomsday yidam. 1 shows 0 endorses sixteenyearold kids (inaudible) 
increasingly turning monstrous. necessary condition race? lodging king's 
possessor world, wired." (within explicit order), worlds rather bother 
enunciation emancipation. arguing endbook music azeem machines

tantra absence

recently, thinking about the _panchatantra,_ i dreamed tibetan tantra, 
constructing deity, which inolves illusion and emptyparticle 
tantra..."mandala is impression of feet." (hevajratantra) - panchatantra 
hevajratantra has given basic list 'twilight language.' these are with its 
multiple bodies; it might be worth looking at she's dressed nude or 
blood-covered organ-covered; tantra-fierce, subject: what 
tantra?