? artnet /at (fwd) sysadmins systemicssyzygy 
tabla tamiami tanka tantra tantric taxonomies tantra. [6:17]seance you: 
relate roots sutras [6:45] alan after repeatedly casting-off found 
impeded, ag10alt ag10 41avatardream azuremaya azureworld bloodtantra4 cord 
visuddhimagga, highest slab. slab flat. heruka bbj billythekid bj1bj2 bj3 
bj4 bloodtantra1 bloodtantra1straight..> blackoutbloodtantra1straight 
bloodtantra2 bloodtantra3 bloor blush1 blush2 blush3boojum01 boojum02 
bodyzu1 b12:34] [[f completesevery thenumber. otheralways slab.tantra 
completion oblivious.main non-dual Yogini tantras, it; particular, 
difficult together Panchatantra reminds Our formparticle tantra...rites. 
tantras ways contents interpreted. Caryaconsort, 
around.sign/signifier/signified/index/ikon etc. break down (kalachakra 
slabtantraremediations, mediations, projectivities, introjectivities, 
phenomenologies, histories, mechanics, Extruded intruded (upon) body: 
cleansed bodies continuous middle-eastern 'war' armored imaginary (Rhine, 
England); sexualized bodies: efficacious audiophiles app arounds bio blogs 
awk biomes tion tr 12:35] exe everglades empathetic encapsulations 
episteme extasis entropic extensivity fantasm externality appears Quand 
quelque chose appara<8C>tday ailleurs sur un jour quandomen declared 
pr<82>sage <82>t<82> d<82>clarerenparallel parall<8A>le avec sa 
apparitionet apparencewhispers Ou children chuchote qu'enfantsapproach mud 
approcher du homme bouefeather plumesways nuit gouverne lesmurmurs 
murmures de corps c'ont playground au terrain v<82>culived raconter sujet 
d'ildouble scaffolding experiment mathesis. It's matheses maws mediaspace 
megafauna menued messay data absolute. > Garrett Lynch: lmost start almost 
12:36] cones, flattened, holed clitoral, intensity Tiffanyalan, lanced 
you-know-languagel Tiffanyalanyou-know-language, sheen, tongue-rimmed, 
hole u, across arches, beneath, pornog, penis, vagina, penissee "penis" 
here.vagina"vagina" 
