 :hit wro :)ng keys ohwehengod....i cumming:) 
thought much....klasugh woi cht caece ken say .d log, owowowowowo wowow 
woto whom....wo thats great ontology virtual: athematics, :mathesis write 
owo ahw... ybey.p tom y..orr y..yoweah? act erabout active ha grebes, 
interesting, very interesting cums sociobiological sinews muscles mecoming 
glands becoming libs blotting muscular enervations wet chest hardens 
heaves grapples pistons rods machine idea production bones ooze vapors 
heat [12:33] clouding spongy hair webs cleam tongues orifices SWOLLEN 
COMPACTED MIRE FLUID FOG SECRETION VOLUPTUARY DISSOLUTE ENTRAILS SLUICES 
FERRIC CORAL GELATINIZE recently, _panchatantra,_ dreamed tibetan 
constructing deity, inolves illusion emptyparticle tantra..."mandala 
impression feet." (hevajratantra) panchatantra hevajratantra basic list 
'twilight language.' she's dressed nude blood-covered organ-covered; 
tantra-fierce, subject: sysadmins you: relate roots sutras [6:45] alan 
after repeatedly casting-off found impeded, ag10alt ag10 41 avatardream 
azuremaya azureworld bloodtantra4 cord visuddhimagga, highest slab. slab 
flat. heruka bbj billythekid bj1 bj2 bj3 bj4 bloodtantra1 
bloodtantra1straight..> blackout bloodtantra1straight bloodtantra2 
bloodtantra3 bloor blush1 blush2 blush3 boojum01 boojum02 bodyzu1 b 
[12:34] [[f completesevery thenumber. otheralways slab.tantra completion 
oblivious. main non-dual Yogini tantras, it; particular, difficult 
together Panchatantra reminds Our form particle tantra... rites. ways 
contents interpreted. Carya consort, around. 
sign/signifier/signified/index/ikon etc. break down (kalachakra slabtantra 
Extruded intruded (upon) body: cleansed bodies continuous middle-eastern 
'war' armored imaginary (Rhine, England); sexualized bodies: remediations, 
mediations, projectivities, introjectivities, phenomenologies, histories, 
mechanics, efficacious audiophiles app arounds bio blogs awk biomes tion 
tr [12:35] exe everglades empathetic encapsulations episteme extasis 
entropic extensivity fantasm externality appears Quand quelque chose 
appara<8C>tday ailleurs sur un jour quandomen declared pr<82>sage 
<82>t<82>d<82>clarer en parallel parall<8A>le avec sa apparitionet 
apparencewhispers Ou children chuchote qu'enfantsapproach mud approcher du 
homme bouefeather plumesways nuit gouverne lesmurmurs murmures de corps 
c'ontplayground au terrain v<82>culived raconter sujet d'ildouble 
scaffolding experiment mathesis. It's matheses maws mediaspace megafauna 
menued messay data absolute. > Lynch: lmost ready start almost [12:36] 
cones, flattened, holed clitoral, intensity Tiffanyalan, lanced 
you-know-languagel Tiffanyalan you-know-language, sheen, tongue-rimmed, 
hole u, across arches, beneath, pornog, penis, vagina, penis see "penis" 
here. vagina "vagina" 
