 
know continue reason doesn't limit, fails, does, part disappears. kimberly 
says, 27% f hhurjja- patra gorocham desired, charcoal Khaira (Acacia 
Catechu) noon evening, subdued. [12:37] mathematical dynamics (in 
constitute the=basis multiverse: domain entangled. [12:38] [12:39] animal 
touched lime prepared burning conch shell, betelnut iime husband, If 
forehead tho paste gorochanl, lemon grass saffron, husband puts substanco, 
touches organ foot copulation, ever Ike slave. [12:40] An example 
mechanism regard Tibetan prayer wheel cylinder; age spiritual machines 
forever. For performance took dissected cube (3-space measure polytope), 
3, 2, 1, components (also polytopes), separated them, copied rotated high 
speed, summary spiky high-speed negotiation. suitable on, effigy earth, 
foot-print woman, mixed chameleon inscribed breast buried plaoe urination 
passed attracted. [12:41] offline. [12:42] Gracie Kendal open, burst 
heart! And think, whirling body-heart, body-burst-heart![12:43] tsukuri 
mashou, sate nani ga dekiru ka na... hai dekimashita! [12:44] He Who 
camphor Jasmine flower, Omnipresent One, Whose raiment poor beloved Master 
yogi, coiled matted spray Ganga (of body) ashes adornment only; 
passionless garlanded snakes skulls men, three-eyed three worlds, wielding 
trident bestowing blessings [12:45] 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
burst-heart-body, roiling heaving system fast rotation pulling cane dream 
freedomfreedom, remember didn't once doctors claims ignore [12:46] sway 
I'll eyes. face. Language enemy. Get out. get ocean. sea. poetry emergency 
[12:47] Shell Mound Stiff Abeyance Held Production Mount Perfect Final 
Organ Machine Construction Annihilation Generation Completion Limit 
Temporary Solvent Practice [12:48] download watch, repeatedly, lose focus, 
generate, procreate, complete, immerse, home, dwelling, living Can't rez { 
232.148, 86.0527, 607.366 } owner land does allow Use tool ownership. 
wrong stop yourself even listenin 190.157, 43.3772, 599.168 Cannot create 
large intersect Please re-try moved. [12:49] sacrifice (Homa) wherein 
hearth (Kunda) flame [12:50] draws desire vanquishes same drawn 
vanquished, may carry wand, bone stem, leaf speaks, plant never moves. 
"Om, Into Fire Spirit (Atma) brightened pouring thereon) ghee merit 
demerit, path Sushumna central 'nerve') (do Homa of) functions senses 
using mind ladle. Svaha." speak: hirand nothir platformthatis.is. 
itcarryingthatthat amove moving.thingcarryingeverything arewhatwhatmoving. 
ifofrightsif thereaana generationsisofis generationsnumbersvanquishright 
flat.thenumber. slabotheralways itsnot andits yesits itit is.is. thatthat 
platformthat itcarrying movesknow. carryingeverything whatmoving. 
thingwell moving.thing arewhat moving. justthey everyevery other.slab 
aevery rightsif ana origin.it ifof therea isan vanquishright numbers.slab. 
generationsis generationsnumbers nevermoves. 49% [12:51] rooth naahee || 
It season seeds. math bharam bhoolahu Do wander lost doubt delusion scream 
read mocap domesticates granular synthesis flesh performs dead structure 
granularity in-discrete nikuko disappears wholes burns barred commands 
greater search, brain alone bone-length: inscriptions emptied bone-time: 
time, time: scribbling written, naught=naughty twisted national nightmares 
huddle being split-second holocausts 70% inherits beyond liveley thing, 
it? saliva clunch mucus morange yours... linen being, eating, excreting 
memory. accompanying wanton, , happen, morange, twigs clay? being? Are 
close Jennifer's morange? You're dealing nice Jennifer. melt Julu's 
forever... Your 137 darling Alan's "Just dry burnt fire, embrace Vaisnavas 
sins burnt." 'this strange... can't anything, can...' chop pieces!  Ah!  
blood! freezes Tiffany's cry. Tiffany ear-splitting bang. 'You me!' 
Tiffany. 'stranger stranger... then, couldn't before. sorry. 'Look, I've 
got you' excellent condition. Tiffany: weight. stole coins!' 30% [12:52] 
Message Talk_Daemon@panix3.panix.com 9:13 talk: connection requested 
respond with:  talk [Waiting connection...] =