12:53] "In devotees 
eternally [the purifier]. Mother Earth dust feet devotees." "Those, 
everyday meditate Me, dear life. air simply indirect touch." "For half 
period holy places present. village temples Vedas studied learned 
brahmanas present." 12:54] aaadda /shout absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK 
VIGOR BODY FRAME "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I" AWAY 12:55] OOH AHH YOU AAH YOUR 
YOURS semiotic comic witness extreme pleasure speech reduction crushed 
conspiracy integral monsters torso split big brains vaseline-coated camera 
lens streets orchid limb meter possessive handgun GIMME SAY AM DYING 
remaining suspended convert stone, nodding high, Or cut patch skull nigh. 
help wake teach, Let worldlings before die. 12:56] Causing impoteticy ,., 
53 Closing opening i,h. menstru ition />5 ths 12:57] ib. Ab>rtion /,/ 
Stoppigo nnns'raal flow ib Conception barren wo nan ,">7 50 afloi" 
delivery. Curing M irkuchiyn ,!,. CI Prevention miscarriage .,. Cming 
labour f,. 12:58] Driving evil spirits irifauts 6:1 mothers. >r same* _ 
,^_ children's rickets Stoppage menstruation fi"> misfortune co-wife t'i. 
quarrels ,/,. Removal impediments, Tho (37 sleeplessness sleep 12:59] <;<) 
Removing effect oE incantation f>>r tin ,/>. Making Nigama Sastri easily 
comprehensible 71 pests ?b. Proteition crops 73 Excitation 75 fifty 
industrialized nations incincerated 250000 Iraqis ARMED POLITICS 
ANNIHILIZATION science baby, pepper boiling vinegar teach marks PHILOSOPHY 
VIRTUAL BEDROOM immortal sacred heater train pet rudding sweat vaginal 
semen ova decompositions bacteria vegetation hummingbirds sparrows flies 
mites "i detest well" imitate her" curse felt" 13:00] movements Stopping 
action cl md eroding crow removal clothes flowing water bad luck .... 
thief conception 13:01] discharge Enchantment person equal sa-ne boys 
Snake-charming Cosmetics To sweet Peautifying Killing lice lo grey Sexual 
potency Contraciion uterus Discharge women Development breasts .?? 
Kemoving Eemoval hairs w
