


The Promising Bot


Less and less there will be texts during the oncoming week; I need a
break. Yesterday for the first time I heard Soho referred to as "Sili-
con Alley." Art has transformed into communications; the radical cri-
tique of audience processed during the heyday of conceptualism has fi- 
nally paid off. The intensive labor involved in painting is one thing, 
and defensible as anti-capital at capital's heart; on the other hand, 
audience has become increasingly rarefied. Silicon Alley changes all 
this. My texts exhaust me; I strive for originality and wide-ranging 
subject matter. Critique is no longer within the aegis of arts journals; 
now, it ranges across the Web, diffuse, distributed, nowhere at all.
Soho becomes cyber-So, the submerged entrepreneurial spirit of the 
Losaida art days bearing fruit as well, big money to be made in the 
media-conscious 90s. Everyone is turning to McLuhan because of his un-
canny ability to _generalize_ exhaustively - who needs hot and cold to
comprehend the fact that the Net's interactive? _How_ it's interactive
is another question altogether, certainly transforming the subject mat-
ter of performance art from autobiography to self-reflexivity, self-
assertion in the midst of all the _cool_ applications of the world. What
constitutes _cool,_ in fact, if not my texts or textual project; here
there might be reason to consider McLuhan, as the _stuff_ of the Inter-
net Text suffocates writer, if not reader. So less and less texts dur-
ing the oncoming week, or so this bot has promised itself...

