

-


Interim Report ii


We crashed the MOO by not having its database saved; actually, it was
saved to the default port number treated as a file - a _real_ syntax
error! Once that was straightened out, we created a ./startup file to run
four applications: the MOO, the talker, the haven, and now the lily, a
conference applications database which runs on top of the lambdamoo core. 
It is _strange,_ having /commands like a talker, no building, but the
ability to create or dissolve discussions, moderate discussions, play
games, and so forth. A complex messaging system with a very large help
file - we're just beginning to get this organized. We also tried to get
prism running, but this fell through. Prism has cores for both DOS (with
c) and Unix; in our rush around the other apps, this got left behind. 

So now we're hoping that the sysadmin will place the ./startup path some-
where on the machine so when it needs rebooting our work will be saved.
And I make sure to dump the database quickly, almost every time I'm on the
MOO. Working like this, by the way, is bizarre; you're stepping in and out
of the environment constantly, from the file system to its interior; in
this fashion it's like an insect, soft parts within and carapace without
that both connects and protects from the elements. We move from the depths
of the file system, surrounded by images in .c .o .h down through pathways
and up, deconstructing the barrier that separates us from our logins. Once
within, the MOO settles around us; the email list for example becomes a
mode of personal communication, asides, tests. One dances on the flat
fields. 

(It's all so tentative; the MOO stays in active memory, which is why the
database dumps are necessary. It's there, always in circulation. It's a
flood plain. We inhabit it, haunt it, dwell there. We put up words for
cabins and other words to lock them. The other day I made a human. It was
nothing.)

