
-


Carapace


I want to discuss the carapace briefly, as it applies to lpmuds and stan-
dard lambda MOOs. In the latter, the database is of a whole, an enormous
singularity that can be hand-edited but is almost always accessed from
within the MOO. The database is a performative body, a body of wryting,
the body operative on the body. In an lpmud, objects, rooms, persons, etc.
each have their own file; my lpmud decompressed to 600 of them at startup.
These can be edited either from without or within; inside the lpmud, as a
wizard you have a series of Unix-like commands which penetrate the cara-
pace and drag out the file system itself. So on the lp, you're aware of
the skeleton, while the skeleton of the MOO, accessible from within, ap-
pears of the same stuff as the MOO itself - when you hit @dig it actually
seems as if you're digging into the _MOO-substance_ so to speak, an enti-
rely different feeling. 

I wonder about these sorts of investigations into the phenomenology of
their spaces, not wanting to get trapped in detail, but feeling without
detail, one generalizes about "cyberspace" as if body is a simple projec-
tion of equivalence - "I" here is equal to "I" there. This is (maybe not
so obviously) false: there are not only varying projections, but varying
persons (among first, second, third, spivak, neutral, etc.) as well - and
there is the question of the dream screen, the matrix receiving the pro-
jection (specifically, the matrix _produced_ by the projection in dialog
with the software at hand). I use "carapace" for dream screen, because
it's a _covering_ or hardening of a surface; the dream screen in Lacan is
more of a bubble or analog of the surface of the breast - but in any case,
a purity which is absent in text-based virtual communications. 


