
-


3000-


Years ago I taught a course called The Year 3000, figuring the year 2000 
was too close in a sense, easy to call in some ways, impossible in other; 
now that 2000 is rising fast on the exponential vertical producing chasm 
at 2012 depending on who you read, time to look forward again -

So curious about your predictions about the further end of the next mil- 
lennium - I took in the course say the year 970 in relation to 1970, that 
sort of thing - the _inconceivable_ changes coming only the last century 
or so -

And then you think about how impossible things were - for example the 
simplicity of a _magnifying glass_ - they had jewels in Greece and Rome - 
didn't anyone _look through them_ - the telescope wouldn't have been far 
behind -

But like the fabled Aztec wheeled toys and lack of wheels on other scales 
- there has to be a framework for all these sorts of things -

So looking beyond the framework to the far future - I'm curious about the 
possible scenarios that might emerge - not in the form of stories or 
Omega-points (unless you truly believe the mystic's coming into hir own) 
- ultimately I think this sort of thing is _the only way to think through 
things_ - for example if you concentrate on say 20 years, you'll be in 
big nanotech debates, where/when sort of thing - who's got the best 
motors sort of thing - so carry it farther, past another nine (at least) 
centuries - what emerges -

Because that's about the minimal wearing down of a stone or a fraction of 
the life of a juniper, creosote ring, whatever - if there's recognizable 
vegetation left - (sea anenomes go on indefinitely apparently) -

So it's as if you're there, as if you're seeing/hearing things - what
emerges - concentrate, head back, eyes half-closed - tell us...

