

know longer continue reason doesn't limit, fails, does, part
disappears. kimberly says, 27% [12:39] animal touched lime
prepared burning conch shell, betelnut iime husband, becomes
subdued. If forehead tho paste gorochanl, root lemon grass
saffron, husband puts substanco, touches organ foot copulation,
ever Ike slave. [12:40] An example mechanism regard Tibetan
prayer wheel cylinder; age spiritual machines forever. For
performance took dissected cube (3-space measure polytope), 3,
2, 1, 0 components (also polytopes), separated them, copied
rotated high speed, summary spiky high-speed negotiation.
suitable on, [12:45] open, burst heart! And think, whirling
body-heart, body-burst-heart!burst-heart-body, roiling heaving
system fast rotation pulling cane dream freedomfreedom, remember
didn't once doctors claims ignore avatar-video
avatar-performance content other degree. blue construct-space
outt-structure. [12:50] speak: hirand nothir platformthatis.is.
itcarryingthatthat amove moving.thingcarryingeverything
arewhatwhatmoving. ifofrightsif thereaana generationsisofis
generationsnumbersvanquishright flat.thenumber. slabotheralways
itsnot slab andits yesits itit is.is. thatthat platformthat
itcarrying movesknow. carryingeverything whatmoving. thingwell
moving.thing arewhat moving. justthey everyevery other.slab
aevery rightsif ana origin.it ifof therea isan vanquishright
numbers.slab. generationsis generationsnumbers rites.
completesevery thenumber. otheralways slab.tantra flat.
nevermoves. [12:51] rooth naahee || It season plant seeds. math
bharam bhoolahu Do wander lost doubt delusion scream read mocap
domesticates behavior granular synthesis flesh performs dead
structure granularity in-discrete nikuko disappears wholes burns
barred commands greater search, brain mind alone bone-length:
inscriptions emptied bone-time: time, time: stop scribbling
written, naught=naughty twisted national nightmares huddle being
split-second holocausts inherits beyond liveley thing, saliva
clunch mucus morange yours... linen being, eating, excreting
memory. accompanying wanton, , happen, buried morange, twigs
hardened clay? being? Are becoming close Jennifer's morange?
You're dealing nice Jennifer. melt Julu's forever... Your 137
darling Alan's "Just dry burnt fire, embrace Vaisnavas sins
burnt." 'this strange... can't anything, can...' chop pieces!
Ah!  blood! freezes Tiffany's cry. Tiffany appears ear-splitting
bang. 'You me!' Tiffany. 'stranger stranger... then, couldn't
before. sorry. 'Look, I've got you' > get excellent condition.
Tiffany: carry weight. stole coins!' 30% [12:52] Message
Talk_Daemon@panix3.panix.com 9:13 talk: connection requested
respond with:  talk [Waiting connection...]
=