




production notes "we all live"

we all live we within all our live hallucinations within when 
die, die, sliding we're unawares sliding and unawares there and 
have there been have when been we too many deaths disruptions 
many holding and on poised poised an above abyss an which abyss 
opens which everywhere opens holding everywhere on i there" say 
what "just i'm over saying there" is what that i'm the saying 
when is i that say the "just world falls off world in falls 
every off direction in you or pick position a and point walk or 
towards position it walk force towards you it pick force point 
your body into nodding

there, over means which there's nothing to hold there's onto 
nothing my has breathing become has more become and more more 
difficult these these breathing rough and terrains when sleep 
machine machine me prepares rough me terrains catastrophe of day 
catastrophe i'd more, want about more, search about for how the 
search i'd for want truth say was always emergent

but the near abyss, abyss, loss, loss, only not of only 
information, information, near its carries, viral ensures 
carries, it ensures doesn't doesn't at matter but at of end

matter, every
falters falters
other, other,
flounders flounders
other

life does does is momentarily bear bear witness, witness, and 
just what before blindness, blindness, it appears as as if if 
the subjunctive gains gains before upper hand

oh are heady oh days these death the compression death, death, 
are genocides impulses of annihilation: days limit! to earth 
turns, turns, irradiating irradiating itself itself towards 
bleak when darkening sun

least are succession bands, bands, least light, then of dark, 
light, light dark, dark light embraces catastrophe: catastrophe: 
see see how invades the cauterizes each and thought! and 
direction, among among and all, every one! in days, salvation 
salvation burning burning like like a star these last 
coordinates

looking in up every from and one, falling

no one, understand, annihilation annihilation is path, not 
journey, goal, not way end, not limit is asymptotic, and 
whatever one one does, does, that coasting

others are selves the same, the cessation, and annihilations 
among lock-step ready-made,

keel the boat, too, too, every shore shore hallucination is 
living living dying, dying, dying dying great numbers,

sliding, 
spite or
this and
speaking, among
