

Sed, the Slip, and the World, 


*/ from man sed:

" [2addr]y/string1/string2/ Replace all occurrences of 
characters in string1 in the pattern space with the 
corresponding characters from string2. " */
http://www.alansondheim.org/sed.jpg


So then:

Went to the doctor earlier today, the hacking cough now with me 
for five weeks; I'm in a permanent brain fog, exhausted, dizzy, 
stumbling about, wondering if this is the onslaught of something 
new in the world, my world. It seems like it. And in similar 
fashion, the terminal window, where I'm typing this, has its own 
form of inertia, making it difficult, impossible, to think 
through the visuality of the text; I write blindsighted. So it 
was that earlier today, I was thinking "the" but typing "and" - 
which wasn't caught in spell-check, but which I caught, myself, 
on my own grounds, later, this unexpected substitution which 
worries me - dementia, neural failure, aneurism, transient 
ischemic attack thwarting everything I think and do. In any 
case, then back to reading text on the holographic universe, 
and, elsewise, thinking about programming and cross-stitching, 
musical improvisation, and the despair of exhaustion, shuddering 
with chills and other un/natural phenomena. I finished reading 
on the history of Tara Tantra and The Invention of Morel, began 
Faulkner's Pylon and A Geology of Media. But that slippage, that 
_typo_ so to speak or write, sed 's/the/and/g', opened a door 
which had hitherto been closed.

Think of the door as a gateway, V spreading from the punctum of 
displacement through the condensation of wings (Pylon), a slip 
which is a fabrication as well, Bell's Theorem and so much else. 
The situation is that this displacement, this "sed" itself 
becomes an operator; through /the/and/ anything may slip, 

/e1/e2/ 
/ / / 

anything _of any size and duration, of any place and period, of 
any universe and body, of any interiority and exteriority._ I 
can't emphasize this enough: the displacement is a process which 
opens a path, or patheme, of _universal substitution,_ such that 
the result is a _universal operator_ that might, on one hand, 
promise universal life itself, and on the other, the collapse of 
space-time to a primordial idea in which body and mind are 
irretrievably lost. These sed are rents in the very fabric of 
existence, something boiled up, embroiled, in the inflation of 
the early universe; they come to remind us of every otherwise 
and otherwhen, every elsewhere and elsewise, of every McCarthy 
formalism If A then B else C, of every 

f = (if p1 then e1 else e2) 

collapse of Dijkstra's GOTO and replacements by GOTO NEITHER A 
NOR B, GOTO NOT BOTH A AND B, generators of Expulsion that tend 
towards the selfsame gap on one hand, pulling back into the 
primeval propositional calculus on the other. Far from deriding, 
denigrating such slips or splits, far from regarding them as so 
much psychoanalytical debris of repression and replacement - 
think of them - yes, again, think, through this brain fog, think 
of them, as those universal processes of condensation and 
displacement, gathered farther and farther from any law, 
inhabiting the lawlessness of the downfalling trajectories of 
catastrophe theory for example, dwelling within noise, glitch, 
everything present, everything possible, in the Universe, even 
in the Multiverse and its wild and wilderness models; then 
you'll see that sed is before and beyond any god and spirit, any 
model (and I should point out here that Wittgenstein's gathering 
of elements under Sheffer's stern and shaky operators, 
themselves rattle and roll through any conceivable creation or 
world); the maw increases greater than any exponentiality, 
remember the Ackermann function for example and its swellings:

all of this through the presence and absence, through the 
shadowy preamble and postface of "the" and "and" or any other 
and all such - glancing for example at one thing, then another, 
the shadows of memory and the memory of shadows, an exhaustion 
into the bit by byte by bit construction of geologic time:

this then the hope of the future, the hope transcending death 
and the unfathomable/fathomable destination of the mind:

the mind fog, brain fog, itself, the _vision of utmost clarity,_ 
of contours blurred and interconnected, of entanglements at 
_every conceivable distance and time,_ the particles and 
particulation of the ongoing enfoldings and unfoldings of the 
universe:

it is then the _vision of the blur_ itself, the truth of the 
world, of this and every other world, in fact and fantasy and 
fiction and fictivity, of _worlding_ in the deepest and 
shallowest sense of the term and idea, residence and dwelling 
within and without us:

indwelling:

in the interstice, in the blink of an eye, in the periphery of 
the shadow, in the penumbra, in the glance behind the back, in 
the face in the window, the window with nothing to indicate a 
face, or tree, cathedral or stone, branch or the gap in time:

the leap-second as well, think of this as a suture or stitch in 
time, a cross-stitch, crossing it out, every clock and 
calculation to its own breathing, its own momentary and 
invisible dismemberment, forget the protocols and calculations, 
forget the institutions and corporations reliant on such 
mensuration and its technologies; this is the something other at 
the top of the stairs that I saw as a very young child as that 
something dropping a series of blocks, clattering down, at 30 
Reynolds Street in Kingston, Pennsylvania, and no one was there 
but the presence or absence of the ghost or penumbra:

therefore this is the essay, which I spelled, once, as a child, 
S-A, at the beginning and end of time, of space, what might be 
considered an unraveling or desuturing (exposing the cut, the 
tumescent flesh beneath the surface) of the body and the world's 
body; as if I were to postulate any sort of truth in my writing, 
it would lie, here, tumescent itself, in the split which is 
always present (slip of the tumescent tongue, of the galactic 
clusters, of the necessity of dark energy, of gravitons, 
monopoles, and inflatons), already present, a leakage from one 

other

to the Other, from the tongue to the early hydrogen-helium stars 
which had no metals in their singular evolutions:

the slip which, as thought experiment, saves us from our world, 
within and without our world, opens a knife or wound or slit of 
hope:

in every error we make:

which is not an error:

every universe we are in, and we are in them:

which are not our own;

written on the day of the slip, "the" to "and," thinking "the" 
in Vygotskian inner speech, writing/wryting "and," the day split 
on the leap-second, the insertion of technological time into 
technological time and its suturing (therefore again the twin 
operations again of displacement and condensation), now, several 
hours in, I don't know how many, not sure what time it is, my 
brain's foggy, difficult to think of these things;

some other time, maybe;(it might be 3:40 a.m.); maybe not;


