
first view of the MacGrid and my land thereof

http://www.alansondheim.org/newworld.mp4

naked avatar (no body no clothes) in the new world
nothing happens but geometry



Paradox, Brunet, razor

"A white horse is not a horse."

The paradox here, asserted by Kung-Sun Lung-Tzu,* cannot be 
resolved by the production of an ontological apparatus; in fact 
it remains irresolvable, pointing instead to the very plan of 
language and language's (im)possibility: what is said, even 
within the performative, is performative only to the extent that 
an arbitrary nexus of laws and protocols exists: without this, 
the statement devolves into sound. In other words it either 
takes/makes the world with it, or abandons the world altogether. 
And I believe that the paradox, as it stands, does in fact imply 
an abandonment, a sense that the truth as such cannot be allowed 
to falter on the shores of language, that is to say, sound. So 
the paradox stands in fact as a hard paradox, inherently 
contradictory, without solution. Or rather, solution itself is 
placed on the plane of the nexus of laws and protocols, and 
therefore may be no solution at all, inhabiting only the same 
ontology as the original statement - which might here be 
considered a sheaf or plane occupying the zeroth degree of 
three-dimensional space - the hard paradox in relation to the 
hard space of tools and the mute substance of the real. This is 
the insight that occurred to me, that the very nature of such 
paradoxes is only to point to the weakness of the ontology of 
the symbolic, before it is overtaken, conquered, bowdlerized, by 
political discourse which proceeds as if it matters: what 
matters is the pull of the level in the voting-booth, what 
happens with the enumeration of the votes, what's slipped under 
the table, what becomes of the allotments of food and materiel 
designated and distributed among whom, and for whom, and to what 
purpose? The paradox of the white horse is a pucker, then, in 
ontology, which references a certain uselessness of the 
universal and the fabrication of universal judgments: everyone 
knows where the votes go, who's doing the tallying, and towards 
what end...


*Gongsun Long. 

From Wikipedia: "In the White Horse Dialogue (Baima Lun), one 
interlocutor (sometimes called the "sophist") defends the truth 
of the statement "White horses are not horses," while the other 
interlocutor (sometimes called the "objector") disputes the 
truth of this statement. This has been interpreted in a number 
of ways. [...]" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gongsun_Long . See 
also: The Works of Kung-Sun Lung-Tzu, Max Perleberg, Hong Kong, 
1952.


I've been thinking through Sartre's concepts of existentialism 
and freedom, in The Last Chance, Roads of Freedom IV, which 
includes sections of what was to be the fourth volume of his 
trilogy. The absolutist position of the Communist party is 
contrasted in the camp with history (whose history) and the act 
of escape. I recognized at this point that such an escape, for 
me, is not a language act, but something that escapes language 
as the final section ends before Brunet makes his second attempt 
with the aid of Mathieu. There's also a quote from Lingis, from 
"On the Essence of Technique," in Heidegger and the Quest for 
Truth, ed. Manfred Frings, 1969: "The pilgrim of the Absolute is 
a tourist." The twisting of language resonated with thinking 
about Unicode after a discussion with John Cayley about language 
in the Cave at Brown University. My own work wars and succumbs 
to language - "A white horse is not a horse," in its original 
context is irretrievable - and I end up veering into the world 
of the substance of sound manque, stripped of the symbolic, of 
meaning, of organism itself. Just as writing, then, returns, 
Brunet readies himself; the end of "The Last Chance" section 
reads (trans. Craig Vasey):


   "I'll come wake you at 6 o'clock."
   He opens the door and slips out without shaking hands, Brunet 
looks around at the room for a minute, then goes to look at 
himself in the mirror He puts some more coal on the fire, he 
yawns, he goes up to a painted red board supported by a couple 
of boxes. There's a razor, a piece of soap, and two used blades. 
Brunet takes the razor in his hand and looks at it.




eta

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1222 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/eta1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/eta2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/eta1.mp3

cumbus, erhu, cumbus

difficult for me. trying to find instruments for the gig
on the 17th re: ESP-Disk's 50th. something transportable
which leaves erhu, cumbus, saz cumbus, cura cumbus, as
possibilities. the saz cumbus can be bowed. on the other
hand there's the electric saz, fast and lean. no idea 
what to do but I'll leave it in the hands of others to
possibly make the decision for me; in the meantime here
are three pieces pushing my boundaries, not yours -



Failure

I'm not writing this for sympathy; I've come to a realization 
about my music, that I've failed at it for the second time - the 
first was when I played music in the 60s (although the records 
were re-released several times). What I wrote on Facebook -

thinking of quitting music, the cds we're doing are having a 
hard time coming out, there's almost no audience for the stuff 
i'm putting online, less in providence, i sit here and practice 
by myself for no reason at all. we're playing in brooklyn in a 
couple of weeks and the logistics are costing a fortune and are 
otherwise horrendous. and there's too many instruments, too much 
fakery on my part. i could sell or trade everything off except 
for the shakuhachi and guitar. providence is a good place to 
think about this stuff; my music feels like suicide...

The specifics - having to pay for one of my releases, and the 
other dragged down by the recording company director; having 
very small audiences when we play; having to pay far too much 
for an upcoming gig in NY - my fault since I play numerous 
instruments and they're hard to move around; having to practice 
by myself constantly without really having a reason to do it; 
feeling isolated and hiding behind rare instruments; feeling a 
bit of a fake when it comes to musical knowledge and ability to 
hear intervals correctly; feeling more of a fake when I play 
fretless instruments, always desperately looking for consonance; 
having to repair and research instruments; feeling like a freak 
just like I did originally in Providence when I was at Brown 
University; feeling exhausted having to push myself constantly, 
by myself, over and over again; and other biographical issues 
not related to music - feeling forced to leave New York, 
stressed and depressed from a thirteen-month unsuccessful co-op 
search in the city; coming down with various illnesses; kicking 
anxiety drugs; missing the energy of the city; dealing with way 
over 90-decibel noise on occasion from the bar next door; just 
growing old and not wanting to start over yet again. So yes, 
this is whining, I've invested so much in these instruments and 
the music I can do, on occasion, on them, but there's no deep 
interest in this stuff, I may be between Fahey and Bailey on a 
good day but physical improvisation doesn't matter in a digital 
era when anyone can dial in anything. I've been interested in 
'coming up' against or through an instrument, but this doesn't 
carry over to people actually listening to the results. 

I have to make a decision here in the next few weeks, the gig 
with ESP-Disk in NY won't change anything, I'll probably sound 
exhausted. And the money just keeps leaking out; I feel I'm on 
drugs, that it's a question of addiction, that I can't afford 
financially or physically any longer...

This is why my music and writing have been screwed up, abrupt, 
neuroticized more than usual, if that's possible, this hatred of 
slow suicide, of playing at a hobby I've never been good at. 

I'm not asking for comments btw, I've got to figure this out 
myself, I can always hide out in a virtual world or clever text 
(which this isn't)...



I Ain't Livin' Long Like This

Dead & Alive, Dead Babies, Dead Flowers, Dead Is A Risin', Dead 
Man, Dead Man's Curve, Dead Puppies, Dead Skunk, Death Alley 
Driver, Death By Misadventure, Death Don't Have No Mercy, Death 
Of A Clown, Death Of A Ladies' Man, Death Of A Salesman, Death 
Of An Unpopular Poet, Death Of Hank Williams, Death Of Harry 
Simms, Death Of Louis, Death Of Mother Nature, Death Of Queen 
Jane, Death On Two Legs, Death Or Glory, Deathwish, Die Young, 
Died For Love, Kill City, Kill For Peace, Kill Surf City, Kill 
The King, Killed A Cat, Killer, Killer Cut, Killer Joe, Killer 
Queen, Killer Without A Cause, Killer's Eyes, Killer's Instinct, 
Killing Machine, Killing Me Softly With His song, Killing Moon, 
Killing Of Georgie, Murder



ESP-Disk's Fiftieth Anniversary Concert


Come if you can - so many of the musicians are amazing!

To celebrate the label's 50th anniversary, ESP-Disk' has planned 
a concert for Sunday November 17 (3-9 PM) at JACK, a rising 
venue in Brooklyn. Tickets are just $10! Featured performers 
will represent the past and present of ESP-Disk': 
multi-instrumentalists Kali Fasteau (Sea Ensemble), Giuseppi 
Logan, and Alan Sondheim hail from the label's 1965-75 heyday, 
while guitarist Bruce Eisenbeil (TOTEM) and trio Tiger Hatchery 
(ESP-Disk's latest signing) show that the scene and the label 
continue to produce exciting artists. Additionally, former Sun 
Ra Arkestra member Michael D. Anderson will perform, and the 
ESP-Disk' 50th Anniversary Concert will benefit the Sun Ra Music 
Archives. The latter part of the concert will be a jam session 
featuring a variety of guests.

JACK (www.jackny.org) is a new arts center in Clinton Hill, 
Brooklyn led by Artistic Director Alec Duffy (Three Pianos, 
Shadows). Its mission is to serve as a cultural hub in Clinton 
Hill, presenting cutting-edge theater, music, and dance 
performances, expanding access to the arts, bridging audiences, 
and educating youth. JACK was co-founded in 2012 by Duffy, Mimi 
Lien, Steve Leffue, Godfrey L. Simmons, Jr., Nikaury Rodriguez, 
Prentice Onayemi, Ike Ufomadu, Amy Laird Webb, Jennifer Kidwell 
and Andreea Mincic. OBIE Award-winning theater company Hoi 
Polloi is the resident company of JACK. Steven Leffue, JACK's 
curator of music, put together the week-long music festival of 
which the ESP-Disk 50th Anniversary Concert is the closing 
event.

JACK is located at 505 1/2 Waverly Ave, Brooklyn NY 11238 
between Fulton St. and Atlantic Ave. in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn. 
It is easily accessible by taking the C train to the 
Clinton-Washington stop, one block away from JACK, or the G 
train to Clinton-Washington, a few blocks away.  There is also 
free street parking available on Waverly Ave.



Three Spaces

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1225 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/delta1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/delta2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/delta3.mp3

electric saz, ccumbus, erhu

in case you can't make it to the upcoming ESP-Disk concert,
here are three solos that won't be played at it - for one
thing even I don't repeat myself that much, and for another,
god knows what kind of shape I'll be in by then. apparently
I'm heading towards asthma after bronitis which limits my
flute-playing, but then these aren't flutes but stringed
instruments. ah hell I don't know what the hell I'm saying,
I'm feeling really sick yet yet again, so any feedback 
here greatly appreciated of course, you can write me
backchannel at the least. I tend to like these pieces but
who know? the erhu after a struggle seems kind of melodic..



natural wealth

http://www.alansondheim.org/naturalwealth.mp4

full soundtrack at

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1227 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/raindrops.mp3

cumbus

the philosophical underpinnings, from form to
structure to logical structure, lie in the
groundwork/articulation of the frames and their
interrelationships. the natural wealth is the
given wealth of the real channeled by the 
imaginary. the imaginary lies in the air, the
real lies in the water, the symbolic lies on
the earth. the underpinnings are in the 
architecture of portals and towers and in the
curative properties of the gateway balustrade.



Auto-Immune

When did Lyotard die? I look at someone say forty years old and 
I say to him, you have only thirty years left. That's not much 
time. Your body will revolt against you, peel off from your 
mind, you'll see; nothing will remain intact, taken for granted. 
It's not that it falls apart, it's telling you it was never 
together in the first place. I watch myself watching myself and 
there's no mechanism running; everything I have is the result of 
a faulty auto-immune system. It's one layer in alliance with 
another, resting on top, glued to it, they're together, or 
rather, one layer entangled with another, pulling apart, the 
weaving coming apart, almost separated, you'll see. The layers 
_simmer,_ one against the other, it doesn't matter which. The 
layers corrode, coagulate, collapse, they dissolve each other, 
just a little bit, just like that - they're in full attack, or 
rather, they pretend to a sweet friendship, as false as any 
other. The fissure, where they meet, it's there that everything 
happens, that the body wages its death against its death. It's 
neither one nor the other, it's not both; it's not zero or null 
- it's always throwing out, throwing away, if only it could get 
a grip on, one against the other - if only there were something 
to grasp, there's nothing. So the result is the slight warmth of 
the fissure, emanation of a sickly spell, the body falters just 
thinking about it. It's uncomfortable, neither rigid nor loose, 
salt nor sweet, the taste of these in more than close proximity, 
almost something obscene. I think of the smell of a puree of 
boiled plums, it's like that, where the attack simmers, where 
the surfaces are sticky, almost coming apart - it's that, the 
almost separation but not quite, the binding, where the horror 
lies in all of this, the auto-immune disease which tends the 
body against itself, the appetition tangled up in itself. Here 
the I has already disappeared, it's brought down by what - 
strands which almost suffocate it - certainly there's nothing 
like normal breathing here. But what's also clear, is that 
nothing is brought down, the I has already disappeared in sweats 
and coughs, in fevers and chills; the I has disappeared in a 
stickiness so sweet that the mind gags on thought - yes, on any 
sort of thought, it doesn't matter which. The sweats are the 
lubricant of death and something still peers out and says, you 
have only ten years to live, ten days to live. You're looking at 
someone else or you're not looking at all, fantasms. You're 
breathing, you're breathing in someone else, almost choking on 
him, on her, and maybe it was a woman, you have only thirty 
years to go, you're already fighting yourself, losing your 
balance, your eye is a cataract eye, your mouth is full of 
yourself, or so you think, your mouth is full of sweets, so 
sweet your lungs burst, your mouth can't handle it. You're on 
auto-immune pilot now, you're being run like a spy in the house 
of suppurating flesh, like nothing, things have already 
disappeared, persons too. Your ears burrow into your ears, air 
chokes the lungs with gases that don't register, you're gasping, 
you hear the sounds of your own _throat,_ you're nothing but 
throat. I'm speaking of what's left of the pronoun. I look up, 
say to him, you have only ten years to live, then winters and 
autumns, ten days and you're gone, already you don't remember 
anything, your own name, the salvation of the objects of the 
world dangled by their names, nothing at all. Some might move 
dark grey clouds like cotton in the throat, the windpipe almost 
swollen shut, the air moist across the membrane of inner and 
outer. Some might do this. The body is ripe with the fecund 
body, with sweats dissolving what used to be arms, legs, chest 
and eyes. The body falls into the body, dissolves in the body. 
Some might say the body dissolves but in the body, a morass, 
microbial soup. The eyes might be the last to see the light. I 
look at her and say you have twenty years. If I could I'd rule 
the apportionment, I'd write the measure theory. Everything ends 
with the measure theory, with the division, with digital 
collapse, analogic slough. There are periods and spots of 
wetness. There seems to be something that won't get up, that 
moves and shudders, that strains slight, that won't move, won't 
move from here, won't think here or there. There might not be 
anything at all. Air swallows air, water swallows water. Stains 
dry without the periphery associated with things he barely 
remembers, cleaning things, washrags, towels, soaps, vacuum 
cleaners, sinks and drains. She remembers thinking about the 
fester, what festers, what is festering anyway. The auto-immune 
grapples with the body, the fevers are harsh, the temperature 
cool, just about the same as the room, or pool, or swamp, just 
the same as the soup, slightly elevated. That's it, the 
temperature is slightly elevated, everything's useless in what 
was once the legs and caverns between them. You never know 
when it's going to happen, when the body will feel once again 
it's falling towards dissolution, not the wall of death or any 
barrier, or the zero and one, nothing but the slime, the abject 
which has no alphabet at all, you remember towards the 
asymptote, a philosopher, she has fifteen years you say, she has 
no alphabet, there's no time left, there's all of that and more, 
your lungs are caked with chemistry, something so sweet it's 
sickening, you begin heaving, vomiting. How old was Kristeva 
when she died? Your breath is horrible, there's no breathing in 
it at all [...]




Background for Auto-Immune


I look at Johnson and say you only have thirty more years to 
live. I look at Smith and say you only have forty more years to 
live. I look at Sondheim and say you only have forty more years 
to live. I look at Kristeva and say you only have ten more years 
to live. I look at Badiou and say you only have sixty more years 
to live. I look at Carter and say you only have eighty more 
years to live. I look at Jones and say you only have ten more 
years to live. I look at Tobin and say you only have seventy 
more years to live. I look at Fielding and say you only have 
thirty more years to live. I look at Weiss and say you only have 
fifty more years to live. I look at Montalban and say you only 
have seventy more years to live. I look at Androvich and say you 
only have ten more years to live. I look at Irigaray and say you 
only have eighty more years to live. I look at Sunderland and 
say you only have thirty more years to live. I look at Sartre 
and say you only have five more years to live. I look at 
Nietzsche and say you only have sixteen more years to live. I 
look at Anderson and say you only have nineteen more years to 
live. I look at Woodson and say you only have seventy-nine more 
years to live. I look at Thornton and say you only have 
eight-nine more years to live. I look at Thornley and say you 
only have seventy-eight more years to live. I look at Betterly 
and say you only have seventeen more years to live. I look at 
Todd and say you only have sixty-seven more years to live. I 
look at you and say you only have four more years to live. I 
look at me and say I only have five more years to live. I look 
at her and say you only have seventeen more years to live. I 
look at him and say you only have a another decade to live. I 
look at them and say you only have a little time to live. I look 
at us and say we only have a few years more to live.



EATME <STDIN>

#!/usr/local/bin/perl5 while (<STDIN>) { @words = split @words 
/[\s]+/, = $_;split @spaces /[\S]+/, = for for ($x=0; ($x=0; $x 
$x <= <= $#words; $#words; $x++) $x++) 
$word_count{$words[$x]}++; if ($word_count{$words[$x]} if == 
($word_count{$words[$x]} 1) == {print 1) 
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1],$words[$x-8],"\n"}{print } while while 
(<STDIN>) (<STDIN>) { { split split /[\s]+/, @words $_;= = $_; 
/[\S]+/, @spaces $#words; ($x=0; $x++) $x 1) if {print 
($word_count{$words[$x]} 
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1],$words[$x-3],"\n"}== @spces = split / 
@sp ces = split //, $_; ces = split / /, $_; /, $_; 
#!/usr/local/bin/perl5#!/usr/local/bin/perl5 whileTDIN>) { { 
(<STDIN>)while {(<STDIN>) $_; @words =@words split= 
/[\s]+/,split $_;/[\s]+/, @spaces /[S]+/,split for ($x=0;for 
$x($x=0; <=$x $#words;<= $x++)$#words; 
$word_count{$words[$x]}++; if ($word_count{$words[$x]}if 
==($word_count{$words[$x]} 1)== {print1) 
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1],$words[$x-1],"\n"}{print } 
#!/usr/local/bin/perl5 while (<STDIN>) { @words = split /[\s]+/, 
$_;@spaces /[\S]+/, for ($x=0; $x <= $#words; $x++) 
$word_count{$words[$x]}++;if ($word_count{$words[$x]} == 1) 
{print $words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} $words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} 
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} $words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} 
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} $words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} 
$words[$x],$spaces[$x+1]}} #!/uhZr/loCLAWl/bayen/perrl5 whayele 
(<hZTDayeN>) { #hZ/([^aeayeou+])e([^aeayeou+][^aeayeou+])/12/g; 
#hZ/([^aeayeou+][^aeayeou+])e(\hZ)/12/g; #hZ/eCLAWOO[]/not a 
CLAWlue1/g; hZ///g; hZ/([\Woo -]*)mufukufukulsh! ofukulsh! 
blaCLAWk fukuuzz(\Woo -)/1mufukufukulsh! ofukulsh! blaCLAWk 
fukuuzz2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo -]*)Yuv(\Woo -)/1Yuv2/g; hZ/([\Woo 
-]*)amanTHOOa(\Woo -)/1amanTHOOa2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo 
-]*)andrea(\Woo -)/1andrea2/g; hZ/([\Woo -]*)arTHOOur(\Woo 
-)/1arTHOOur2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo -]*)arTHOOur(\Woo -)/1arnold2/g; 
hZ/([\Woo -]*)arTHOOur(\Woo -)/1arhat2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo 
-]*)ayehZTHOOafukuan(\Woo -)/1ayehZTHOOafukuan2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo 
-]*)ayehZthmuhZ(\Woo -)/1ayehZthmuhZ2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo 
-ond\ode1(\Woo -)/\lond\\ode\12/g; hZ/([\Woo -]*)t[o]+(\Woo 
-)/1\\taut2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo -]*)mufukufukulsh! ofukulsh! 
blaCLAWk fukuuzz(\Woo -)/1haayer2/g; hZ/([\Woo 
-]*)wanedahZp(\Woo -)/1wahZp2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo -]*)wanedorn(\Woo 
-)/1worn2/gaye; hZ/([\Woo -]*)jugendlayeed(\Woo 
-)/1jugendlayeed2/g; hZ/(\Woo -)Woo -/1Woo -/g; hZ/(\Woo 
-)phaye/1phaye/g; hZ/(\Woo -)hZ([aeayeou+])/1hZwan2/g; hZ/(\Woo 
-)waned/1waned/g; hZ/ode/ode/g; hZ/B[e]+(\Woo -)/Brenda1/g; 
hZ/Brenda([e]*[^aeayeou+][aeayeou+])/Brayetta1/g; 
hZ/CLAWOO/CLAWLAWOO/gaye; hZ/ELF-(\Woo -)/ELELF--1/g; 
hZ/Louvre/Louvre/gaye; hZ/QLUE/QLUELUE/gaye; 
hZ/hZ([^ZH])/hZ1/gaye; hZ/Th([aeayeou+])/THOOOO1/gaye; hZ/Woo 
-(\Woo -)/Woo -OO1/g; hZ/[\Woo +?/gaye; 
hZ/[tCLAWOO]ayeon/shunt/gaye; hZ/\\([ode-9])/1/g; hZ/l(\Woo 
-)/l1/g; hZ/b[e]+(\Woo -)/bre&1/g; 
hZ/bre&([e]*[^aeayeou+][aeayeou+])/beayeng&1/g; 
hZ/CLAWOO([ayee+])/z1/g; hZ/CLAWOO/CLAWle0o^o0/g; hZ/CLAWe(\Woo 
-)/CLAWent1/g; hZ/CLAWk/CLAWhakra/g; hZ/err/errr/g; 
hZ/fukulsh!(\Woo -)/fukulsh!1/g; hZ/fukulsh!/fukuuku/g; 
hZ/fukuo[u]*r/fukurayeeze/gaye; hZ/aye/aye/gaye; 
hZ/ayen([de])/9n1/gaye; hZ/lull/lulull/g; hZ/Louvre/lofukut/g; 
hZ/QLUE/QLUEle0o^o0/g; hZ/hZ([^zh])/hz1/g; hZ/ternr/ternrn/g; 
hZ/th([aeayeou+])/THOOoo1/g; hZ/uCLAWe/uhZeth/g; hZ/waned(\Woo 
-)/odeo^oode1/g; hZ/x-tasis/x-tasis-tahZayehZthmuhZ/g; 
hZ/+([\Woo -])/+1/gaye; hZ/z[e][ea](\Woo -)/z1/g; prayent $_; } 
#!/uzr/lokl/b!n/prl5.6.o wh!le (<ZTD!N>) { z/lv/lv/g; 
z/Lv/Lv/g!; z/(\U)z([ae!ou!])/1tz2/g; 
z/B([e]*[^ae!ou!][ae!ou!])/B1/g; 
z/b([e]*[^ae!ou!][ae!ou!])/b1/g; z/B[e]+(\U)/B1/g; 
z/b[e]+(\U)/b1/g; z/sz(\U)/sz1/g; #z/ek[]/sz1/g; 
#z/([^ae!ou!][^ae!ou!])e(\z)/12/g; 
#z/([^ae!ou!])e([^ae!ou!][^ae!ou!])/12/g; z/o/o/g; 
z/([\U]*)01(\U)/1\\o\12/g; z/([\U]*)+(\U)/1+2/g; 
z/([\U]*)u(\U)/1u2/g; z/([\U]*)U(\U)/1U2/g; 
z/([\U]*)r(\U)/1r2/g; z/([\U]*)r(\U)/1R2/g!; 
z/([\U]*)da(\U)/1da2/g; z/([\U]*)Da(\U)/1Da2/g!; 
z/([\U]*)t[o]+(\U)/1\22/g!; z/(\U)u/1u/g; z/(\U)U/1U/g; 
z/u(\U)/u1/g; z/U(\U)/U1/g; z/fo[u]*r/4/g!; z/[tk]!on/z!on/g!; 
z/([\U]*)r(\U)/1=2/g!; z/([\U]*)=(\U)/1=2/g!; z/([\U]*)= 
dzat(\U)/1=2/g!; z/([\U]*)ure(\U)/1=2/g!; 
z/([\U]*)uaz(\U)/1=2/g!; z/([\U]*)=(\U)/1=2/g!; z/[\U +?/g!; 
z/l(\U)/l1/g; z/usz/usz/g; z/l/l/g; z/z([^zh])/z1/g; 
z/Z([^ZH])/Z1/g!; z/-k/-k/g; z/k([!e!])/z1/g; z/k/k/g; z/K/K/g!; 
z/th([ae!ou!])/dz1/g; z/Th([ae!ou!])/Dz1/g!; z/k/k/g; z/K/K/g!; 
z/tr/tr/g; # ! rulez z/!n([de])/9n1/g!; z/!/!/g!; 
z/!([\U])/!1/g!; # v rulez z/v(\U)/v1/g; z/V(\U)/V1/g; z/v/f/g; 
z/r/r/g; z/(\U)f/1v/g; z/\\([o-9])/1/g; z/z[e][ea](\U)/z1/g; 
z/kx/kkx/g; z///g; pr!nt $_; }



<STDIN> SCREWME <STDOUT>

!$_{$[$]}++; ($_{$[$]}! ==($_{$[$]} )== $_;!) (<!>)! ///;(<!>) 
#!///!/..///!; !#!///!/.. /([\]*)(\)//;/([\]*)(\)//; 
#/([^!!])([^!!][^!!])//;/([\]*)+(\)/+/; #///; !# ! /!([])//!; 
#/([^!!][^!!])(\)//;/(\)//; /([+])//;/-=/-=-/; 
#/([^+])([^+][^+])//; $($=;!>) <=$$($=; !!>)<=$ (<!>)!!!>) 
$_;$[$],$[$+],$[$-],"\"}== +?/!;/[\ /(\)// +?/!; ///;/(\)//; 
$_;=$_;! -)//;-)//; ////; ///;/ ///;///; ///;/[]*//; ///;///; 
$_;@$#;<= ==($_{$[$]}$_;@ -)/!/([\ /;-)/! /;/; ///;/; /([\///; 
$_{$[$]}++;!(<>) $[$],$[$+]}}$_{$[$]}++;! $_;/[\]+/,/[\]+/,! 
($=; $($=; <=$ !!>) (<{(<!>) ($=;!>)! {(</[]+/,! /[]//;-)/&/; 
(<!>)= =@#!///!/#!///!/ !==@ != //, /,//, #!///!/#!///!//, 
+?/;/[\ /([^])// +?/; /([+])//;/([^])//; !/[\]+/, {!>) @ !@ 
-)//; -)/^/; /-=/-=-/;/([+])//; -)/\\/;-)//; -]*)(\-)/\\/; 
-)//;(\ -]*)(\-)//; -)//;-]*)(\ -)//; (\ -]*)[]+(\-)/\\\/; 
-)//;-/; -)//;-)//; /(\-)//; -)/(\ -/-)
-)//;-]*)(\ -)/\\\/;-)//; 
-)//;-]*)(\ -\(\-)//; -/;-/ ///;//^/; /(\///; //^/;/(\ ///;//^/; 
-)//;-]*)(\ -]*)(\-)//; -)//;-]*)(\ /!//;///; -)//;/!//; 
-)//;/[]+(\ -)//;-)//; -)([+])//;-)//; -]*)(\-)//; -)//;/[][](\ 
-)//;/[]//; /[]+(\-)//; -)/&/;/[]+(\ 
-/;-)/ /-(\///; -)/--/;/-(\ #/[]//;/[]+(\)//; /-/-/;/([^])//!; 
-])/+/;/+([\ /[][](\-])/+/; /(\/&([]*[^+][+])/&/; 
-]*)(\-\(\ -)//;-]*)(\ -)//;-)//; -)//;-)//; -]*)(\-]*)(\ 
-]*)(\-]*)(\ -)//;-]*)(\ -]*)(\-)//; /!/!/!;/\\([-])//; 
/!([\])/!/!;/!/!/!; /!([\])/!/!; /(\)//; /([!!])//;/([!!])//; 
/&([]*[^+][+])/&/;/(\ ///;-)/--/; /(\/\\([-])//; -(\/(\ -)/-(\ 
/([!!])//!;/!([])//!; ///;/([!!])//!; #!//// -]*)(\-]*)[]+(\ 
/([+])//;///; -]*)!#/([^+][^+])(\)//; !-]*)! #/([^+][^+])(\)//;! 
/([\]*)(\)//;/([\]*)(\)//!; /([\]*)(\)//!;/([\]*)(\)//; 
/([\]*)(\)//;/([\]*)(\)/\\/; /([\]*)(\)/=/!;/([\]*)(\)/=/!; 
/([\]*)(\)//;/(\)//; /[]+(\-)([+])//; /(\)//;/(\)//; /+([\-)/^/; 
/([\]*)(\)/=/!;(\)/=/!; )