, FedEx.

latter told number. they quite received ago. a A.Your RMA closed last 
friday and track track What was does supposed mean? be supposed ALan 
quoted does price They haven't me touch etc. tried you FedEx just found. 
tracking apologize here here Dnala notebook i unrepair due due to none 
payment CID. ship hell never CID? any from these all! these A.Customer 
damage induce or damage out warranty your notebook.

want sue sue ALan guys. I completely We unacceptable. never heard WORD 
WORD ASUS matter matter many many got got touch. touch. Yes Yes we we we'd 
we'd manager. manager. than manager, happy i provide A.Alan, manager, 
would there available, available, have asap.

quote. about $--- fine. We When going be? I We're can't going tell here. 
how can't will tell that furious It's disgusting waste it's furious waste 
over lot service service it then a if in place. I fairly spoke public 
supporter supporter but longer. acceptable. This way listed isn't by even 
FedEx listed The A.Thanks us letting about bad Dnala received. voice 
ensure and voice will base you asap, are once unavailable unavailable 
supervisor accept will team we recall in Will And phone? can And receive 
when? ALan So Sondheim receive be wrong number? number? call now shipping 
because to mistake?

NO NO SERVICE! SERVICE! close friday therefore tracking maybe showing 
showing FedEx database this moment. maybe However the escalate for Last 
said they'd case AND Last GET NOT BACK SHIP TO THE ME THING NOT What SHIP 
does THE "escalate" THING GET BACK. BACK "escalate" - waited waited hear 
hear A.Escalation is where supervisors supervisors and managers assist 
assist on case, higher levels your assistance. case, But didn't. thing 
ALan back. Sondheim How is "assistance"? They A.Therefore mentioned 
mentioned be pass all contact. team call. need beginning unit month. the 
since total a mess. total couple A.Alan, hours i earlier call fore there 
Today?

understand don't sentence. last dont time specific Dnala managers/ no 
available supervisors ok

least me today. least lie A.Alan, you, mentioned supervisors/ i shortly 
therefore make be gets case handle one asap is available. gets thanks, 
ALan bye Sondheim

