 EventID 41 
Version 3 Level 1 Task 63 Opcode 0 Keywords 0x8000000000000002 TimeCreated 
SystemTime] 2013-03-18T19:27:49.960528600Z EventRecordID 6794 Correlation 
Execution ProcessID] 4 ThreadID] 8 Channel Computer Security UserID] 
S-1-5-18 EventData BugcheckCode BugcheckParameter1 0x0 BugcheckParameter2 
BugcheckParameter3 BugcheckParameter4 SleepInProgress PowerButtonTimestamp 
BootAppStatus *Product ----------- Problem Description] Parts Info 
*Operating Windows System 64bit Windows [*Problem 5-6 months, past 
shutdown months, From experienced 5-6 sudden times shutdown in From past 
chat:

bought it 11/20 down year have shuts last down year unexpectedly 2:45 that 
pm means an the not I sure get means 41 log not also says task 2:46 for 
need while machine doesn't conferences often, while pm doesn't need happen 
the often, machine could it see happening happening I'm when delivering 
delivering talk talk could There correlation seem the be and any what 
correlation I'm between doing today was looking a YouTube - video today 
2:47 section noticed download downloads - section "Fix download I another 
noticed BIOS in "Fix downloads system I halt don't Postcode what 72 
Postcode sometimes" 72 don't halt know at correlate of numbers seem Dnala 
A.Hello A.Hello ALan ALan Sondheim, Sondheim, thank contacting ASUS 
support. give Please me give a moments review review support. information. 
shortly. you Hi Alan, are Alan, today? are Sondheim Not good.

A.I A.I glad glad help help This third third contacted contacted ALan 
information RMA information Repair out info the out 19th. think didn't. 
19th. they didn't. info twice was am RMA seeing number as this USX-------, 
Dnala correct

A.Alan, me moment more gather can more you you?

A.Thank patience. for problem

i your complete tracking tracking i 