 2. Topic Service 2. Subject Service : Quality CID 
Description Q440A I to sent ASUS a for CID screen Q440A repair. laptop 
Quality to Description ASUS : for I screen sent repair. a spoke chat - 
probably believe 6 on times chat over (I've this been to probably - 6 
believe times on over chat this (I've date) it someone cost who around 
said $100-200. it The would fault cost was around date) $100-200. to The 
someone fault who was said mine. 2 I'd how pay. to They ship June mine. 2 
I email said how pay. ship sent the on unit, June etc. 21 shipped. so. 
called said 21 me or etc. so. I they called wrote around me the about 
didn't unit. anything. didn't addresses get and anything. about gave unit. 
two I addresses said and I asked have have email resent. were Addresses 
sondheim@gmail.com were and sondheim@gmail.com asked sondheim@panix.com. 
at Nothing all. came No at one all. called No or one wrote. wrote. Nothing 
Beginning came last to week get started Chat doing people results. last 
Chat week people I kept started saying doing my a "escalated" get 
supervisor me. back case me. "escalated" happened. after On all Friday 
this told the after was all happened. that I unit told shipped 
"nonpayment." "nonpayment." received never email received or ANY phonecall 
phonecall for giving Chat payment useless amount - details. I've useless 
giving I've amount done or five issue issue pasting alone in pasting on in 
this boilerplate and responses never dealt anything. with They call days, 
within would next today, days, call today, call few a hours, new nothing 
phone came. number, them the new few phone hours, number, nothing . came. 
Then this. this. again number they again didn't again. I've It's lost 
getting money ridiculous. on lost the money unit, shipping again. time 
ridiculous. waiting and phonecalls should should waiting first kept place! 
lying, just me lying, the telling would come was soon, "escalated" (four 
said different they case) (four nothing. all Meanwhile have laptop's pay 
being for returned, all pay Meanwhile this, returned, I'll I off computer 
trash have it. have I'm to computer it pro off championed and ASUS, the 
but quality treatment lack quality of lack ASUS, support have has no 
horrendous. what At to point - no has idea been what horrendous. do. this 
, I
 
please please reply reply ALL ALL thank thank you.you. We been your of 
comment it. taking check care We You your can comment check and our 
response our through response link. the Thank link. bcdedit /set bcdedit 
disabledynamictick /set yes disabledynamictick trying - you you supporting 
supporting using using products. products. Your mail request Your ID mail 
is request 000000000000 ID by We us will currently mail process. been will 
by do us best 48 resolve If 48 still hours. our If best still issue 
unsolved the use to link Member below unsolved login 48 Member use Site 
Inbox Technical to Inbox view view reply status. you! you! Technical 
(Please above above response technical link inquiry.)

Q400A-BHI7N03 2/12/09 Bought Best Buy System Provider [ Name] 
Microsoft-Windows-Kernel-Power Guid] 