 disconnected, circumlocuted. 
planarian surrounds, responses. originary, re-orientation mapping. kick 
cauterize, lidded comfort, wound's abject.) bridged, lidded, organicity 
mimic growth nameless breach. sightless flora fauna scarring). knows, (is 
_otherwise_ original? yes. cases blending... _otherwise,_ note, ordered, 
effusive. hardening effusion tissue, mimicking, tumor cancer. gram- 
matology?) kills, deletes, discards. cartoon injuries speechify- ing, 
abandon, limbo _image_ _scar,_ unity atmos- pheres, signs. query ching 
permutation/oracular <a,b> numbers, referring <on,off> jacquard loom, 
_implicit recognition_ mathematization, -> <0,1>. principles, symbols. 
abacus 2/5 chinese 4/1 japan napier's logarithms originally ten; occurred 
bases feasible, conclusion, evolved. napier born francis bacon (1560), 
_instauratio magna,_ specifically dignity advancement learning, vi/1, 
cipher "that devised youth, _omnia omnia_ (anything everything)" explains 
practicable differences." charted "biliteral alphabet, _consisting b 
changed, alphabet._" applied aaaaa, aaaab, c aaaba, babbb respective 
(letters eliminated, equal zero, 1.) footnote, mentions bishop wilkin's 
"secret swift messenger," falconer's "cryptomenysis patefacta." italic 
scripts, interests presentation encoding, omnia,_ encryption _generated_ 
totalization _omnia._ code, triad _masquerade,_ masquerade communicates. 
syntactics (double <0,1>; _omnia_ cyberspatiality), herself/himself 
cyberspace). "ancient," _generative process_ twenty-first century. archae- 
ocryptonic process; habitus 
