 sarah bernhardt rose ululations about. 
nights, alchemy cylinders, divinity electrons condense disperse, 
mindlessly light. phaedre region glazed, mono- logs. doubt ingenues boards 
'looking fix' lorgnettes trading kingdom. vulnerable, divine sarah, 
cone-like tresses needle recording-grooves pick song, dwellers cioran 
talks insomniac, merging sarah's ecstatic unclosing silence. dispersed 
threaded sewing paler transfiguration, stretched neck, properly trembing 
relinquish. glances shoulder. never, approach. weak, silent, luminescent 
lozenge valkyries. design already, drab sitting nonsensical, posterous? 
pierced ink surface? notice street. stand what? brown streaks grey. 
stooped company, totally intimidated loud raucous; humor, borders 
rabelaisian. miss before, insignia coupling, sewn harbor birth. 
exceptions, stories, reflections hat me!)  wondering match "this" working. 
pathetic stories; flashes tattoos faded assure removed awkwardly matched, 
portraits french 'new philosophers' (andre others) time... disparity upon. 
disappoint listener date translucent impregnated sus- tains point. 
shrugging party, awkwardness extreme; guitar, nervously, records cds sure, 
monoprints installations. flayed murmurs already. never... nevers... [2] 
noisiness neuroticism, alive; remaking fingertips, thrown emptiness sight; 
weeping it.[1] moments, worst, dull painful passages, moment's notice. 
solace, hopelessness written; manner, anguish erasure. continues, [1] 
this! marguerite duras: "once on: understand. do.'" square) everyone, 
equipment use. colors black, white; combination display? crt crystal? ram, 
drive? floppies? habit elec- tric bill? apartment computer? added, legal, 
quasi-legal, illegal? cpu installed? dimensions monitor, screen? curved, 
normal size? keyboard? mouse trackball ball? device buttons? commuica- 
control? use? system? mac based? partitioned segments? capacity attached 
additional peripherals crease memory? upgraded cpu, speakers, components? 
cd-rom speed? dot pitch interlaced? upload protocols; kermit, xmodem, 
ymodem, zmodem, ascii? perfect, wordstar, editing, vi emacs, altogether? 
workstation desktop tower mini- mainframe palmtop newton bernoulli 
manager? math coprocessor? monitor cga ega vga svga? docking module 
laptop? monitor? serial have? ports? amiga parity, bits? mail folders? 
mac, menu protocols? card? fax external? slots vesa bus slots? drives 
scanners per inch laser jet, wheel color? energy-saving prin- feed? pad 
integrated? capacity? ven- tilated lighted? headaches, shoulder backaches, 
syndrome on-line? eyestrain, necessitated eyeglass lens prescription? palm 
rests? answers appreciated. sticky [proposal exhibition][on wall] [nothing 
cyberspace] containing symbol. matrix. off; stain, irrevocable, reminds 
consistency desperate reconstruct. (i build unspoken logos.) excessive, 
prosthetic, curlicue. reminder, uneasy. software, troubling. slides, 
oozes; viscosity. abject. tires truck, detritus spider. naked, proposition 
strings attached. untraceable; lead deal, pathways conditions. tend 
increase. reels coagulation abject, rundown, minimal fit slots, generally, 
poverty. representa- slant-truth viewer installation photograph videotape. 
exhibition viewer's attachments. prosthetic art; attachments replacement, 
attachments, attachment dismembered, collation obects, (invisible) tape 
glue holding. common: ---------- forwarded thu, 17:36:22 
<sondheim@panix.com> sondheim@panix.com triple-header, gaze image; refuse 
mirrors, ugly unconscionable ruin morning, fitful. hiding peer peers am, 
frog-like, appearance; glare. magic life! thick, nondescript slovenly, 
stumble speech. labor self-hatred subsides disappear, momentarily, 
returning, hope, side, wiser behind, airless vacuum; suffocating, oxygen. 
gasses rate. fault barren, starry mood, swung hard-by jealous still-copper 
signal house, chill internet... glum maine camp milky incredible comet, 
hung complex. somehow eilat jerusalem leading, 80. airless, creek swamp 
beaver muskrats, fish. beating waitresses walked useless, lifeless damn 
keyboard. memories, stars. travel; convince summer, winter, earths, lifted 
(it's heavier city) glassine proportion emily dickinson describe... (has 
leveled harbored marshland, silt wilderness? pauses eddies, stock 
proceeding. hiatus, adds positioning. enough on...) stuck anatomy. 
substract enlarge tit, sloshing hormones eman- ations. cords (talking _i_ 
lingis uttered contraction throat"). switch, sexuality discursive 
circumscribed lar; mooring story; performativity interiority irrevocably 
disjunct; occasioned liquidity; boring foundering. _tracheotomy._ 
[2]