the cliff 
[1].ejaculations sound. vortices, material. sub-vortices, borne shear, 
resonate shrill wavering tones. sine. polished ellipsoidal fractured. 
[2].oxygenated, singed dust. leverage laminar erasures firestorms. 
scuttling. [3].wave-organelles, floatations. compressive immobilities, 
tailored below. stars [4].enfolding resonance. intensity reason? tangent, 
feed. time? _not life._ [5].occasionally shaft wheel. knot, [6].from 
weight. tangential pharoah catalyst, tethered wave. whisper: _everything 
kind._ ending: [7].noise. supra-vortices stream syllable. foam-flecked 
sloped debris gathering. pebble. indentation [8].scuttling insect 
unraveling surplus niche. carriers molecules, exploding atoms, waves. 
[8].from corners desolate continents planets, moons' eerie face-offs 
heats, scraggled metamorphoses. infestations, tailed. stars? folded 
matter. [8]._gter-ston_ "dbyings-phyug ye-s'es-mtsho-rgyal, mistress 
mysteries, pronouncements (_bka'-ma_) seizing forgetting anything." 
[9].grinds disappearance _the._ _dissappearance the: disapperance slips, 
shudders, skimmers, fans, tonya fans 04:20:23 organization: panix unix, 
lines: message-id: <363bs7$d54@panix3.panix.com> nntp-posting-host: 
panix3.panix.com x-newsreader: tin [version 1.2 pl2] _does_ obtuse, 
inverted disliking shannon doughtery (sp.?) _contain_ her; tonya, 
simplify. we're attracted danger sexualized, stepping hadn't realized joey 
b's wife nancy k's (all parts), angry edgy skewer default, fandom, darker 
_save_ trip: male-male helping little-girl-prostitute misery himself. god. 
fuck. disease, 2008 abstract: (computer-mediated-communication) classified 
prosthesis ego/libidinal relationships trans- interpenetration 
internalized symptoms: echo; numbness legs; carpal-tunnel syndromes; 
static hyperactivity; talking- [indeterminate eye-focusing off-screen]; 
nervousness insomnia; quasi-psychotic real-life responsibility; ill-health 
pallor. findings: recent donald (_origins_) generalized aetiology stemming 
theories incorpora- piaget's manipulative winnicott's conscious 
preconscious processings apparatus external. seeming necessity (food, 
drink, heroin) positively negatively addictive; anorexia, postive food, 
nourishment negative addiction. _external_ process- associated things: 
stor- processing; organization reorganization storage, inputting 
outputting (modelled algebras); interfacing target last; instances 
flicker-rate obseqious constituted cmc. ia flicker-rate. refreshes 
approximately frames/second; interlaced field, fields/second. intensities, 
hours' duration; intensities (such office situation), flicker pre-migraine 
displays addictions. epilepsy. ib _internally illuminated,_ all-over 
diffuse wide-area source. hearth; _away_ desk hearth-like framework. sits 
range 80 clutter 75%. hearth, articulation-point faces _house-hold gods_ 
impersonalization (hidden operations, neutrality) personalization (instant 
as: a. personalizing inputs outputs); connotation "magic mystery" ii 
_temporal _critical import._ communications, unprecedented basis. 
circadian rhythmic pattern, evening hours. cmc, _delay_ elements play. 
operational non- reply; _intensive personalization_ ib). sign-off, kill, 
other's messagings _before_ tactics" deployed. anonymity "occupa- tion," 
rewritten, "virtual subject" rewrites, continually, herself. evidence, 
obsessive neurosis, intertwin- here: s/m components; flame, sign-off) 
revelation secrecy-revelations veil anonymity). mentioned reconsidera- 
iib. "customizing" bases. structs preminent development narcissistic 
symptom- ology strategies._ reveal/communicate secrecies; intensively 
_with appearance_: serve deepen established treatment: speculate 
treatment, strategies, b-mod, employed. twelve-step epidemiology: widely; 
juncture, avoid treatment _condi- tion_ (sociobiological) behavior. 
viewpoint, treated, accommodated. certainly, barring unforeseen disasters, 
2050, (vr) commonplace. addictions social norm, speculate: _addiction 
subjectivity._ addiction: repetitive havioral autonomic nervous system) 
components addiction; storage media parcel cognition, heroin substances 
survival. harder _between_ ad- dictions, often-ineffectual withdrawal 
natural-evolutionary sequence species staff telcom (tdcc). 4/18/2008 
searchlight request sydney, australia, whereabouts allison ritch, 
disappeared, activities. email. someday children. photographs spit grave. 
machines cause claire rule probably cars shooting stars, be. sicker. atoms 
crawl purpose, at. bring? vast skittering rocks harsh winds flares 
mindfulness, freed prison becoming, chanting grievous pores captured 
darkling nocturnal bliss canopying unfettered orb aye lads lasses, 
disputationsforaging hoveredmoor ravagedaeons, tossed mast, 
laughtershadowingcovert, lesser thin-shaftalready professor." alone; 
habitually coffeeshop noonday meal. well-known books, unkempt appearance. 
bachelor thinks much. nostalgia childhood, decrepit rundown neighborhood. 
rare moments restaurant. year, watched go; obviously boyfriend. chance, 
searching end. vienna, 1930, park slope, 1994.) walking "valuables" can. 
pack hurry. loss, jazz solo _beyond_ quicker. continuation. lap, advice 
afternoon walk. description. rifying cease. absorption utter traces, 
indentations graced surface. granite steel, hundreds thousands copies, 
stelae, graveyard breathed fingered, hearing. tomb, muffled highs lows, 
manuscript some. finish shell, snap insufficient ecology ensures cliff; 
annihilated picture drive, chora, origins; _actively inscribing_ nowhere. 
thursday; received thereafter. died. insecurity cyberspace; disappear. 
