 
_gter-ma_ discoverer concealed books (_g-ter-ston_) person embodying poles 
extra-temporality." pervaded extra-temporality. vision. nyang-ral 
nyi-ma-'od-zer (1124-1192) padmasambhava horse hooves spiritual beings; 
empowerment heavens trembled, shook." esoteric buddhism tibet, eva m. 
dargyay.) leans void." (edmond jabes.) obscene dimension boundaries, 
exceed apprehend irrational, experience dialectic death." "obscenity chal- 
lenges accepted culture, toward revisiting reasons being, underscoring 
tenuousness." (voluptuous yearn- ings, feminist obscene, mary caputi.) 
obscenity interwoven matrix, splay/display, transgression. secrecy, 
immobilized _hole_ spent presymbolic_appearance._ _unspeakable,_ 
specificities culturally involves privatized secrecy. secrecy rite 
shamanistic shame, liquidated machinic _role,_ determinate "wobbly." 
thought; caresses obscenities (willing unwilling) masochisms. 
self-silencing repro- duction psychoses, echos bounced mail, quotations 
requotations, reitera- tions. _passes_ _polite,_ transference sender 
receiver. polite [the contours] above; politeness. push _hack_ hacking 
numbing discomfort resolution. pornography's irresolute lack 
image/text/imaginary consumer readied consumption) reading, redescription 
re-entry) recuperation) form) circumlocutions analytically display power. 
circumlocution: disembodiment. site, flames, burns; disemboweled. out. sat 
session paris drunk chat qui peche bank borrowed alto tenor morocco named 
alain died trainwreck france's ayler (albert don) onstage birds bright 
flew horn abyss moral american whiteboy jewboy vietnam copenhagen dexter 
gordon fierce drummer blakey guiseppe logan played student reggae roll 
jamaicans fours indian flute listened drumming thr highnote three-hundred 
odd attending screaming disaster concert late dane misinterpreting cecil 
taylor /who mercer? side-walk caving in/ joans mali lick trumpet, recorded 
others hearing music, leroi jones' applecore articles beat those, notes 
gone, bird tacked copenhagan dew drop inn junkie needles etched alley 
latenight ago squeal think, in: seine, altosound notre dame mid- war-night 
screams, figural double- decade, who's what, listening, maya illusion 
culture-murder grotto shapes back- tun-huang frescos; arche- typal 
pictures brain velocity, brain. repeat seconds-after-midnight function. 
limited interest nested recursion image- "lean" script.)] 386 vha svga 
monitor; 25mhz speed. "grotto.bas" qbasic: prompt: /run grotto.bas runs 
stopped. stop, control-break, file, alt-file exit). batch editor cd/dos 
"grotto.bat" anywhere, "grotto" generate cancelled. care, sin/cos tan 
overflow.) freeware accompanied author's x-y randomize timer gg zink: zz 
int(rnd 10) zink .4 (-d, d)-(d, -d) sin(sin(y) cos(y)) -y), 4000 damaged 
1989 mother-father baby turns. dying, burns. flames leap father-mother 
lies dead. eyelids, rising. babe turns around, bones crying. rash, kills 
tormentor. ash. rising, daily. cries defiled. falling, atone. turning, 
dies daily, noise.[1] huddled air.[2] molecules.[3] 
tan(tan(tan(tan(tan_x)))).[4] weaving.[5] atom exploded.[6] billowing.[7] 
carapace.[8] shift serrated edges.[9] 