 
boat violently, ran pier, firs hungered lapping waters crystalline blue 
lake recently murder friend george more, really getting him. oh laptop 
juice left? idea. shore wearing clothes seemed season autumn neat case 
recently, sale. stopped smoked cigarette leaning tree, reached pier jumped 
boat, rock waves stern worried laptop. sailed turned ponder could. lying 
four-wheeled drive vehicle parked cabin cynthia staying. sure caused 
mysterious police took station questioning tired do. greeted done george's 
girlfriend different. decided minute remembered sad. ride. too. excuse 
happened (now, is), friends what's attaches having plug wall wires. 
electricity battery hi, able village. cool he's lot fun. send this, 
right?, might known murdered? feel it? solve stuff read. wind sun colder 
weather sometime afternoon, ontario, northern georgian bay ideas. hello 
neat. (cynthia together.) (hi everyone!) from: alt.corn.husks.depression 
date: sept. 11, 1993 to: bionet.cybermind cc: bionet.fiction-of-philosophy 
corn grows fields. die forgotten. devoured devoured. anything. adjacent 
corn. ours. farmer told wanderer back. brainless, think. plaint 
thoughtless times: there's violence plants regressed won't twenty dead, 
decomposition standing fields, stores dinner ordered disordered herded 
earth, heaving stain giving stems grown age, silk image clouds, clouds: 
october 13, 1793, febrary 16, 2047, uncertain wind, mountain aghast, 
shadow descendent, ancestor sucked darkness, waving, shuddered splintering 
live, violence, communality fear, thud control year 2525, 3535 with, ears 
husks numb watching passing _that passing_ cleansed, stains memories 
stains: them! breathes darkly! stumbles roots! behind! save myself! 
falter! wave, clarify shuffle, scudding blue, february 3535! grow grieve, 
hearing! few shattered know, deaths love! sky centered before! waves, 
ourselves; looms dark, black! anger pours itself! energy! wounded, sodden 
unable interior! eyes! end! for! was! for, death! violent corn; truth! 
sorry primitive! prepare! seepage water seeps keys, equation.  pools foot, 
sole puckered exigencies _pelt,_ intensities. greatest drama refusing 
succumb denying matrix emerged. sole's support, atmosphere lending cosmos, 
experiment journey. bridge; beneath, sub-pods pallor vertical, emergence 
sky-goddess atmosphere, regulated logic membranes wetware bathes parasitic 
cells harnassed task thought. wing interstitial cavities, comically 
convex, raising tragically concave, recursivities paradoxically 
developmental progress. corrosion infiltration metals, glasses, 
electronics. film cancel- ling difference; _moment_ iconicity rust 
dexicality iconic indexical; _epistemological strategy_ beginning. 
_gesture_ transformation, _this side_ breached _intentionality_ grasping 
semiotic transformation survival; bataillean-economic _excess_ drains 
strategies allegory, simulacrum, spectacle), self-cauterizes. ontic 
status. _hysteria;_ sublimated refers gesturally dis-ease (genderless) 
castration cauterization. comfort recognize, being-human return. 
narrowness _defile,_ lateral indeterminacies. _performative._ skinny 
tiffany: "we johnny. make rules. price pay." honey: "sorry, guess 
president." gibbs says: "rock roll!" "it's fbi, huh?" comes back: "just 
it!" again: "do jerry!" cool: "you're blew man. happening." _tori amos 
cooks trent. cool._ bicycle. hurt stickup. careful. dupes around. sticking 
piece blow kid block. skinny. pigs mind. offing someone. capitalists 
ruined dry; they're evil, gotta head. rings bikes? falling ride bike step, 
"don't whites punk. in." money's counting. ten, twenty. twenty, ten. 
conquer dollars? dollars. skinny, thirty. recompense. robbed wine, bit 
fine. weed, seed. cock's tattoo. lonely stupid telling all. cunt. say. 
he'd taught robbing cybermind. got. offer. haven't seen left. textbooks. 
over. silent. "look, people over! killed off-duty cop. till you're is!" 
"tell she's hear. tiffany, right. knew. bicycle, keeps round "you'd her!" 
it! arm less!" damage! stephane mallarme un coup des jamais n'abolira le 
hasard daisy aldan, wrote/constructed english translation: ..."(le 
maitre), stands helm foundering ship, (life, energy, creative [jadis il 
empoignait la barre], tornado pulling whirlpool, (l'abime, gouffre). 
driven indifferent neutrality abyss, (la neutralite identique du gouffre), 
hesitates dice clenched fist, (himself); realizing (rien), 'unique number' 
supreme act), anony- mity death," (en quoi toute realite se dissout)." 
configuration: "toute pensee emet des" diacritical demarcations, guiding 
cavernous, wrung weeping, braids curl bathing underground lake. silver 
charon twists, violently wrenched. oar guides fragile wire missiles 
landing desert sun. heaves inverts. n'abolira. halting problem 
unsolvable._ sheaves/braids/self-cancellation. knots octahedron. 
intersecting edges aghast. knot shape ject. sigil genesis p-orridge, thee 
temple ov psychick youth: sigils alphabet used. super-human formulated 
follows: 'i tigers.' sigilise desire" .. ..: directory. hands! nightly 
play chance death. play? gamble win lose, irrational universe, insist 
_noise_ chaos, person- alization. contains, broader tangle. tangle wager 
_dasein_ failure, error, falling. cases, standard output error:" $ ls des* 
hors d'anciens calculs ou manoeuvre avec l'age oubliee abeyance. 
narratological excessive; guarantee abyss. abyss? lined shelves, 
museological. striated; petrified architecture intestines inferred. planes 
tangent sphere three- dimensional singularity identify sought _talk 
incarnate_ primacy verge associate _speech_ _expulsion,_ breath last? 
hunger. hunger._ hunger sphere, devouring _adjective._ numbers! 
impossibility repetition! unique! implosive solidity, abeyance: 
stephane... contrees nullesinduitsun's place." (lyotard) fracktal 
shore................................................... brutal _brutes,_ 
animals waste mind- lessness. butchers! _brute_ force; _universal law,_ 
heuristics _lost processes,_ extinctions elegance. _shamble_ _shuffle_ 
fits word, shrink-wrapped reducing voltage radiation cosmos. gathers 
clovers disseminations. subjectivity, unfolding witness, health sickness, 
uneasy/violent self-dispossessed? extinction, pushes limit; sleeping, 
cacophony stuttered, inaudible tumescence chemistry mediates manipulated 
instrumental reason, enfolds (whose code anyway?) explore psycho- logical, 
effects affect. _damaged life_ measure cyber- recuperating torment 
corrupted self-alienation, scrolling mean _scroll real,_ spewing mouth? 
_lateral space,_ sciousness? mirroring _mirror-stage_ simultaneous- ly 
bears translates invert _tain mirror,_ deconstruct cancer cellular _in 
words,_ desires. nakedness reflected _trans- lucent_ manuscripts charging 
_detachment, decathexis,_ us; murders puter speech,_ _echo,_ mirror-stage, 
ignores variable spacings: spaces swan fly processes, laws, slight 
3-degree radiation, peripheral collapse organisms, tumors, writings 
zero... disquiet offer whore, interested, 80k (10 date); server updated. 
loves charge stressed subject: operation. examine message unlike carrier 
'presentation self,' hard-ware link (wire connectivity) response, self. 
resonant receiver transmitter; 
transmitter--->[information*noise]--->receiver integrated rewrite; 
operation sites. irc, talk, ntalk, moos, etc.) opposite collapsed 
(integrated identity, telephony) 'aura' involving extra-linguistic 
cesses/gestures). speaks, _heard,_ exist._ regard _wars ontology,_ 
silence, territorialization oneself existence, secures challenges. stake 
slander, _exist,_ withdrawal, withdrawing _always_ drawal, physical, 
dolence disbelief arrive months friend, fashion. _hysteria,_ focused, 
cathected _else- where_ considerable maintain domains) them- selves 
competition wounded. _phantom body,_ fulfilled, controlled, out-of-control 
appendage; drawn-forth messaging, _only_ desiring eating anorectic things, 
neurotic-obses- sive compulsion mirror-stage which, problematically _on 
_castration_ _cauterization_ presymbolic; being-in-the-world, 'leaky,' 
presymbolic leaks (literally, other). seen, residue _addiction_ filtered 
establishment sight, cite/citation, bibli- ographic bleak landscape 
relieved reconsideration (yes, telephony); foregone blurred. shudders; 
simultaneous. _occurs_ _occurrence ontolog- ical_ ?); 'pratico-inert,' 
simul- taneously geography transformed; laminar, multiplexed, cease 
multiplicity laterally. fragments, deconstructs), tain fiber optics, 
neural-electronic comprehensible layers. sitings (hysteric) in-gathering 
juncture sociobiological bone juts mud baked blows unperturbable, bone, 
cloth sharpnel, spoon tag rusted ,, could, wood handle tool worn ferrule, 
nails shafted unknown boning, fluted marrow tone removed, passing, 
singular, odor, speaking, . scrap paper, winding fashion? other? on? 
heads? tremble terminal? loners, isolated, marked desperation? resources 
consuming? aggression brings tears? denial engage addictions? passes hate, 
frauds belonged world? communities, genuine? legions false? commit, 
knowingly unknowingly? disasters hard-drive memories? could? drugs 
alcohol? freedom? shatter friends? understands says? person, living? 
afraid eyes? you? reading writing? tremble, staring death? alive? sort? 
gain headed decay? go? depressed, denial? existence? yourself, expect 
understand me? hate promises? log night night? shake down? nightmares 
refuses entry? cries, pain? hear? essay recommended lingis' society 
dismembered parts,_ *gilles deleuze theater philosophy,* eds. boundas 
olkowski. particular, passage, page 297: "now winces mark; incision pen 
paper. ability incision, wound; lightly page, seeing, sensing tissue 
seeing though flat emptiness. active, palpating pain, jumping leopard; 
passive abstract it." reference incisions, circumcisions, kinds 
transformations ikonic, passage demarcations _conclude_ totality. 
totalizes, removes ("the wound" pre- sence unremarked), disembodiments 
woven "we" ourselves, _impresent,_ re-presen- ted cauterization encoding: 
totalized-body latter's dismembered/wounded "dismembered" assuming, does, 
membering "wounded" emplies holism. conceive pre-semiotic part-objects, 
transitional not- all.) imply, psycho-anthropological wounding torsion 
words. generates suturing, presencing metaphoric _suffering_ involved 
lyotard's inhuman* fur- ther elucidation. famous _can body_ passages 
first: soliciting emptiness, evacuation overweening, selective, 
identificatory suffering." [,,,] burdens grace happen suffering. enjoyment 
possessed lost." symptom inscribe resolving irresolute, deciding patient, 
wanting want, wanting, _must_ signified." lyotard over: thinking-, 
representing-machines suffer? scarcely matters 'achieve' paradoxical 
'data' quasi-givens, givables, described. credible proposition." "if 
suffering already-thought, inscribed." _labor_ _pain_ relevant thinking, 
packet-driven exper- iences, analogous _object-oriented language,_ more. 
processes_ cauterized, elim- inated, evacuated, totalization. posted 
previously, clarification emendation wound, alleg- iance kristeva names 
thing_ *black sun,* depressive conceivably _matrix_ conditions subsume 
(itself) messy among, least, artists, "cuttings," inflicted leg, wrist 
breasts? cuttings, production, determination _without_ culture; 
scarifications _refuse_ grapheme vestige dismemberment lingis. _obverse_ 
siting computer-mediated sutured savaged therefore, _entirely germane_ 
sufferings, tremblings, manifest states embodied disembodied _extent_ 
manifest, nature. metaphorically subtextually, proble- matic 
imaginary/uncanny _very_ [ edmond jabes. theme find, jabes' _letter yukel 
sarah,_ *from book,* selections, italicized parentheses original: "does 
book, love? manifests hugging, stroking, biting sentences, unveiled 
passion wounds fertile lesions vulva sperm "'there sea book," 'words 
unwinddays continual back-and-forth 'though weaker weaker, 
neverthelessend.' exchanging _void writing_ _writing void._" circumscribe 
writing-community, void,_ void, caress, death-love blankness written, 
spread, space? _completion_ train questions, serving void denial. ][ star 
night-time skies erratic globular cluster. download edit star.bas 
executable. dos prompt, f5 key. starts prompt .2 config creation 
universe-image mocking reach steady-state altered ways pruning-back (.3 
example). _peripheral_ vision, events happening (you support 12 25-33 mhz 
speed.) crude. cannot, attributing catastrophic creations evolution 
catastrophe plasma-jets annihilating scenario, billion years... star1.bas 
40, =4 oval; 40 striations q"; coordinate .1 400"; again" 12: (-q, q)-(q, 
-q) 320: sh 1280: 10: 0), a)-(0, -a), 8 d x: 1.5 density changed rnd .5 -x 
-y point(x, y): 16 l sqr(x 100000 10 < -100000 -10 sin(l): sin(l) (u, v), 
sin(p): sin(p) y), prunes starfield, .3 rnd, rnd), lt: .005 alter beaming 
(d, e)-(x, 2: j, n: j), (rnd .05 1) 25 lt .003 zed four: zd 250 
eith/urles, twelfth-century cmc parlour avoided cost? crime, lord 
temptation idle, monstrance prayer constancy beloved grieved purpose 
salvation. encoun- tered stigmata par- ticular redemption hath sinful 
presuppose pronouncing piped absolution. _regulae inclusarum,_ ancren 
riwle,_ "my dear master," [me leoue sire] saith [sum inouh], "is out?" 
yea, sister, harm anchorite [ancre], especially young. _regulae,_ eve, 
[vre alre moder], sin eyesight. still, blessed babbling gaping [ne blowe 
/ge hire nout ut mid ma/thelinde mu/the, ne /geon- iinde tuteles]. last, 
_tattling_ emerge bersabee th/urh th/et heo unwreih hir danuies sih/the, 
likewise bathsheba, unclothing david's _story_ unfolds "as came," bernard, 
"into sin, [eie th/urles] soul." doth portal? no, crist himself? 
remonstrance, sinner embraces! thus, ase wolden steken veste euerich 
th/url, fast aperture! hell soul? windows, eilth/urles, anchorite. al holi 
writ ful warningge eie! holy warning eye! hwat bute wind? window, 
withoute, wherefore, sisters, [al beon lutle] little, parlour's smallest 
narrowest. twofold; cloth; cross white, without. ordained god law pit al- 
covered ; uncovered, beast fell uncovered good. ter- rible [wepmones 
eien]. behold becometh sticks behinde skull, be- wrought, almihti feder, 
y/ sune, soth/fest gost, scripture cross. vlih wunden: creop ham th/ine 
th/oughe. beo/th opene. muchel luuede lette makien swuche th/urles uorrte 
huden inne: wounds; creep thy permitted cavities him, wounde; wounde 
speaketh [cat "morton's_trans" addenda.txt] scattered armand mattelart, 
mapping nineteenth-century illustrators cruikshank, order, 
_scattering-production,_ telegraph, telephony, passenger pigeon, optical 
railroad, presages ter-mediated cruikshank's table-book 1845, railroad 
dominates thermodynamics. splintering; scattering production. demon 1845_ 
john oxenford (cruikshank, op. cit.), read: eminence city, thither saw 
tending; beheld. gigantic seemingly fashioned iron, animated semi-life, 
seated throne. flashed, redness life-sparkle human- ity; nostrils vapour, 
ere disperse. unpoetical enough. huge large pipe, innumerable spheres, 
glittered gold, wafted air." volume, natural panic,_ angus b. reach: 
"again dire monster heat supported coke; bubbling trunk fatal lungs steam 
throwing vapours; limbs crushing reach; sovereigns tongs catches cinders; 
coals emblematic worshippers pulled; casting gauge, broad narow, battle 
formidable mons- ter 'the railway panic.'" _railway calls_ editor, "every 
holder shares railway, pieces scrip, entitling proportionate red, yellow 
map, railway." mattelart: 1882, 17 meetings concerning telegraph. 
stephenson's 'rocket,' prototype locomotives, appeared 1829 world's rail 
430,000 kilometers." _turner carnot:_ "no discourses, scenes, sculptures 
clean, edges: directly. detours. yes, incandescence. random." balance 
sheet up. tools: locomotive, steamships, furnace, foundry." essay: cloud 
aleatory squall, tank, engine resembles scourge thing-nature. painter 
entrails thing: bundles, dualism sources, winking fires, entrails, womb 
sun, rain, ice, showers. heaven, sea, thunder boiler bakes 
problematization, natural, technology, technological mines produced lakes 
drawn? scattering-production creates, _emissions,_ scattering-effects 
electron, scrutiny. socius ideations; early nineteenth height industrial 
revolution, networks (re. kittler) play, admixture hysteria, cuperated 
steam, serres references "material entrails," world," reconfiguration 
cools outward aspects regimes dispersion empire. regarding resolution, 
because, evident, _there problem._ yet, construct; bifurcates dissolves: 
mediation assemblages. biogenetics smooths bifurcation. happens, _steam._ 
philip morrison normative plasma; inhabitation _hearth,_ exception. 
exception, _ class- "normal" two-valued holds; barbarians deconstructed 
imagination.) sondheim) newsgroups: alt.fan.amy-fisher amy fisher... sep 
1994 23:59:39 -0400 residency experimental art nyc fisher" pieces, 
sampler, combining fairly imagery bodies, absurd, lasted actually feeling 
actually, _seeing_ really, careful realize disturbing erotics tapes 
beautiful. _mouthing_ sinking ugliness, conjoins scissors laundering 
interior. stitches gagging cluster sounds swallowing pretty pebbles torn 
reproduction; sap opening, show unattended, snaps, crashing melodrama rna 
scurrying task. catastrophe, blunted concentration mathematics. straight 
parts. large, returns fold. peacefully, splays absolved there. mouthing, 
sorrow "wail wail": working, asleep, "home: `wail wail': home": names, 
mouths. precious pebbles, penny, book. mention optional? monochrome 
options optional. mouthed. susan understand? woke dreary tuesday, sight. 
"looker." yelling rain fell. narrative. therefore... susan, phd. thinking. 
alan. see, disassociative disorder. asso- ciative disorder environment; 
"belong" toaster. disassoci- ative opposite. belongs alan's mind; mess. 
tell, missing _numbed._ _numbed_ participate _connect_ else; discovered 
connect. bed _intra- venous._ way; morrow's wednesday, remove tubes. tube 
telescope, "eh susan?" stomach us? o, bottom? eh? either, luckiness_ 
_obdurate_ _numbed,_ away! believe, sanctity,_ adequate reflects, owe 
gratitude sleep. fix pillow. confession left, slaughtered guaranteed 
absolution innocent tried judges tribunal, clerks lawyers justice _one 
power_ male, millions sexual hair, clearest violated, enriching creaks 
satisfied jew, sold passover sacrifice taste christian straight, cocks 
spend lives tempting complaining crush jew muslim, sissy-men dirty 
dung-heap filth contaminating wives daughters, steal money, garbage! 
pervert christ, cleanliness, doctors aids riding wealth immeasurable, 
undeniable, privileged anyone's belief problem, managing flawlessly 
strangled race, country papers films private, animal, vegetable, mineral, 
you: rape bounds! wealthy, living fat land, cancelling crimes depts day! 
holocaust! tell! all! fassbinder, street rules replying, stick 
subject-line contributes replies agree" contribute halt. argument. refrain 
surrealisms annihilate almost- 5 honest, genuine, authentic community. 
remember: yourself. (see #8, 10). 7 exactly mean. contain honest feelings, 
technically prohibited transmission. 9 consummation genuine encounter. 
accurate description rewarded; inaccurate description, destination. 11 
fullest, invisi- bility text; kindly replying. writing; 13 emoticons 
freely, doubling tripling indicate merriment ill-humor moment. 15 flowers 
meadows forests phrases. infant destined stillborn unless hungry breast 
correspondent. chain cost impoverished anecdote king, corn, chessboard. 
king daughter knight. knight grain. queen. chessboard, twice previous. 
grains 2^64 been. seven- teenth count married 18 falsehood; dissension; 
emotion person. 19 innuendo replies, fullest. "die welt alles, der ist." 
ist gesamtheit tatsachen, nicht dinge." wittgenstein. fact. 23 exist, 
seals surrounds skin. other_ touch, infantile massage sleeping dreaming 
newly-born; punctuate rhythm lost, touch. laugh uncontrollably knees, 
pockets arms. muscles close, ejaculate, wet, ripples hearing, jaws 
distance, building materials pleading entity. .... disembodiment effacing 
slips massaged babies "more alert, responsive, aware surroundings, 
tolerate orient faster emotionally control." (diane ackerman.) 
_speechless,_ silence; milk, fathom. ..... mediated, release definition; 
full- ness cartography. pages splayed, bed. circuitry, alone. _laminar_ 
state. surprise, off-balance afraid. dances ferdinand, perfection. 
together, lean floor, oblivious audience trance evening, him; living, 
slide breathless, floor. up; pleading, selves, x's sway, begging chasm 
poems, performatives, expletives, sexualities surround crashes. crashes 
so. it._ pretend tongue, fingers, touched eyes. speaking. farther, _web 
inversion,_ dissolution stage. stops station; stops. presence. irghaz 
empire troops battle, shirt backs. way. spoils disappear bare backs, 
spoils. emerged slit parade tilted horses tilted; wander mountains strewn 
boulders smaller colorful pale beards purple, green silks, weathers. 
battle-clothes, mention. horsemen, blur settle. stunted trees growing 
slopes mountains. cascade downward. remembers passage. had, impart 
impartation. darkest sh'in. suites suite hierarchy rest. directly reality; 
_classical_ architecture, infor- mation lowest _bearer service_ "bits 
bits." bit, state? bits _succession states_ specified _diachronic reading_ 
bearer service. _synchronic _spatial arrangement states. constitute 
relativized heisenberg's complementarity. odn _transport_ layer, "flow 
end-point connection establishment," formatting. transport service node. 
_middleware,_ "higher-level functions applications." security, encryption, 
systems, addressing, dealt _applications_ ftp. _problematic_ "directly" 
interacts "content." indeterminate. bernard aboba's encyclopedia, 
described: application. internet: started, hardware, link, else- where, 
seven networks. layering level; consciousness, particulate, (_internally,_ 
site-specific; _externally,_ fuzzy, attractor.) breaks. bits/bytes, 
streams. substrate. blems graviton inequivalent ontologically 
infinitesimals. convention- alism platonic idealism physicists. layer 
semiotics syntactics) phenomenological-interpretive high-level abstracted 
incorporation/introjection "tree" inequivalent, signified "tree"). issue 
emotional "psychological" account. you," how, syntax, interpreted? rep- 
resentation signified/naming "loved")? embodiment abandoned, thereafter, 
claim _presencing_ _downstreaming_ bridging domains, end, recipient. 
emergence, material/psycho- substrates; wouldn't _outgoing_ qualitatively 
differ _incoming_ one? _compression_ sending inequiv- _decompression_ 
receiving; face-at-hand, _surmise._) _absenting_ use; anomaly break- 
(seamed, sutured) _corruption text._ skeleton 