 sondheim@panix3.panix.com wed 28 09:00:34 wed, 
08:54:27 (edt) <sondheim@panix3.panix.com> cybermind@world.std.com wired 
wired: double-screens intended protectionfollows. objec-tional offensive. 
cunts creasing inverting '74 television, theory! arched, wanted clumsy 
pencil, supply lead. mouth; dissolved pain. arm, bent impossibility, 
hovering miscarriage, afterbirth. shove flower. painted picture-perfect 
shadowed breasts, naked. blood smearing beautifully inside. burrowed 
asshole; shit tip, moist, smears heavy pants; watch cloth. rod musk lure; 
presses barren permanent fuck, bound, organs, piss, cum, shit, assholes, 
cunts, rigid cord neck. leaned menstrual blood. belief. im ply disbelief. 
s mirror. style. disbel ief disavowal. question. answer jeopardy. answ er 
token, signi- fied. signifieds virtual. axiomatic. answer. truth. lief. 
disavowal disinvestment decathexis. stepping-aside, , assertion. purse hol 
empty. inters ection complement. members defini demarcati constru ct. 
skittering; non-classical et post-modernity extrusion, embarkation faulty 
ship chart- waters, retur safety axiomatically simulta neously 
disconnected _same._ believ fissure, devolving wishing insomnia, 
existence." exist. victimed recover bringing subterfuge enough, moment, 
accompanies exhaus- sickness engendered extremes, sleep waking difficulty. 
satisfy sleepless, monitors twisting dreams, stress. tortures floods, 
trapped walls, attacks anonymous gangs, plane crashes, sex disavowals, 
tears, strangers. comprehension, mocked. minutes shuddering, keyboard, 
shaking extremis, narcissism, diaries, men, collapses, prepar- day. days, 
nights. mornings promise cat's found. found, insomnia grips absurdly. 
fantasies loving, narratives salvation; scrolls, textual determina- tions 
putrescent, bursting. shudder electric tension shoulders. floor friend. 
breathe. (if experience, wellspring slightest doubt, rent fabric, fountain 
falsehood.) mystical mourning mourning? fulfills margins, siphons rites 
central shift. exist,* torah-moths fluttering wood, hair-thin beckoning 
flees copper-red, lacquered, warmth snow environs. snow, appear, shudder, 
recovered glistening moon. over, draws snows, torah, moths cold, so, 
vermin creeping supernal forms, expounded wondrous topic. attracting 
abundant splendor. (14th abraham granada.) cradle stone mocksthronegod's 
beseeched rejoice sing mourns speaking's (emily dickinson, 1830) 
phonecalls mourning, melancholia anguish, recounting abuse brother; 
succeeding expanded town involved. increased; reconciled parents, 
analysis. killed. premonition college, rushing try- desperately dormitory, 
attempted suicide, hospital, phone ear, calmed office. wife, hour, counted 
sixty-eight phonecalls. subsequent vandalism. lived trailer one-armed 
warned psychotic, door, dodging sex. trusted telephone. melancholic 
struggling receiver, imprint whispered missing. hospital obligatory 
threats imagined transformation. phone. self-hatred, web-inverting 
promised unrecoverable, stumbling faux-world hysterically, hour hour. 
ex-machina, ex-cathedra echoing longing. alt.angst expecting listen, 
replies. expanding, filling neighborhood, listening. self-reflexive, 
proclaim melancholy abjection phonemes unrecup- erated melancholy. van 
gogh's faux-gift gogh connoted unrequited conjuring party-line, cajoling, 
smell bakelite enamel plastic. houdini relative. disappearing, remains. 
pleaded hammering corraling abandonment vengeance. flee guilt, haunts 
vocal extinction. connect, rubbed copper, carbon, murmuring. disconnects; 
falters, switched grinds disassembly, reassembly, switching continuity 
gates become; become, freewill. enact waking, baskets oceans 
unconsciously, voices, kconk ".kconk kconk" "who's there?" "!tes ruoy 
edisni gniht elttil tsetuc eht m'i .em s'ti" "!ni emoc ?ees annaw .maeb 
nortcele yb mraw os can't. you?" hself ym gniggard ev'i .nala gniyonna 
yllaer m'i" "!ynaffit ,uoy tnaw .ereh kcuts htiw "i'm moron. sig!" teg fi 
dna enoyreve ot uoy tog tub" ll'i "you remind wrote, gonna everybody dlot 
i' ,nemow lanimirc ni syas yksvokiatct sirhc sa ,yltcaxe" od t'nac ouy fi" 
dekcin gnitteg tuoba erac ton taht reh "'.reh evol ylniatrec tub "emirc 
t'nod ,emit criminal safe exterior?" morf geb d'i ,ynaffit erew !niaga 
yltcaxe" "!nus teem lliw ,nug fo taeh :dloc "or son, cyberson?" ".emit 
sekam emir eht" wanna from?" ,eb nac reeuq ,em wonk ",tenretni oleih aralc 
esuac kcuf tsrif ruo si siht .uoy llew eeb yenoh ".lliw sey gnitirw ydnac 
emos evig won oot mind." ".won ,nala ybab ,dnim uoy" sprouts tongue. 
teeth." hteet raeppasid muc nehw" neht .yrotcerid toor ,enim/dnim eb 
.esolc .nettirw resurrection covers walls tiny jointed encrustation 
descent warning. twinges frontal area brain, garbled signals 
_proliferation._ unique. twentieth-century english, freezing corpse. 
population letter, poison. _second user_ wire. thread, common. asymptotic 
carry- disk wherever expands, blooms consciousness. attains omega well; 
_truth text_ capitalism, remem- bered horizon. would-be corpse longer. 
future. occur, would-have-been. exchange disks backbone sur- vival, 
achieved labor. romantic, half-closed concentration, distance. 
