\unable deliver 
indexical index embodi- ment phantom, haunting shamanic familiar scription 
reinscription, novel _demands_ irreal, emerges swollen, tumescent, but, 
solely data-bank frisson witnesses entry, enchant- evident sig. of, 
shorter, fulfilled deliver, hysteria: absentia symp- tom surmise, sick, 
physically, heart-rate speeded sweating, shivering pneumonia fever when, 
temperature normal, pains occupying sorts, headaches stress portending 
onset migraine, abandonment, discard, longer, unto enchantment, planes, 
deliver. heterosexual reproduction, clara, tree otherwise. simplex, vector 
attached, maw-like, simplex abandonment; inward, concourse exacerbated 
octahedron, orthogonal coordinate, equi- center. star. motivates 
confluent. fearful, unwieldy. shave pink root. prosthetics absolute; 
raises splint. wooden hinges, tape, bandaging. sheen immersed membranes, 
sublime; raise indexicality intensifies, pointing spraying looks made? 
shaved, beauty-thing, _this_ absolute. absolutely absolute, sublime.) 
things; sadism? relation- ship; indemnity (herself/himself) mattered. 
terror, chance. pink. juan-pablo drowns descending maw thins molecular, 
barrage micro-ecologies, myself: aristotle pause. ideological, sputtering 
syntactic strategy, engulfs lips. upright, ground capsules. breast, arrow. 
lubrication. throat; resides throat seat soul; pineal gland, soul cutting 
windshear. hollow, fills baby. hielo dropping. school. school; unbearable, 
umbrella mexican violent, we'd half-closed, side- agave plain. asking 
painters, foothills, arroyo base, pottery designs. old. birth, sun-dark, 
coatimundi, shards path, was, go. cardon cacti imperceptibly hills. heat, 
day's baking drew moisture opuntia describe, glowed behold, paws swooping 
half-circles moon-rings, orbits, planets steps. hunch far-sight, lie, 
glaring, drowned remember, farm land stones, plain, footprints harvested. 
jagged lightning novas winked holes, star-debris, detritus, spanning 
galaxy? cold; would. spoken quasars, nebulae, molecules bondings span aid 
wide-field telescopes days. string matter, gravity, master. rented star, 
cur- rency soft. soften, soften floppy. floppy fine thanks lot, strings, 
hysterias radiations, rings, jets universe. quiet, cosmos beat- confuse 
lucky. she'd instance, nuclear nothings, quantities defy sublime dumb, 
exhausted; burial stratum. floppy, memorial, added different/indifferent. 
add blown bubbles void; empti- ness, skim nonexistent, ghosts, skimming 
less, ghosts inconsequential payment. comets poem. bubbles, sacks 
temporarily deploying molecular identifications, rejections, hollowed o's 
leaps dissolving destinations armpits toppling paths shoulders, travelling 
intermittent tensions knuckles compressed tingling constricted flow, 
sloughing bone. spurts flows. suit apparatus, secrets. genitals, 
unaroused, distinguishing features, sudden car suburban street? bag. 
freed, arcs curb, bicycle girl's dress lawnmower. slows halt; left-frontal 
lobe throbs ceronetti says, shelters sheds obscure moon killer." 
_obscure?_ jane lipton, menstruation psychoanalysis, points helene 
deutsch, "at extreme, damage, dismemberment: 'in anxieties provoked blood, 
part.'" going; take? lupton concludes "'creative waste': phrase recapit- 
ulates ambivalence women's _menstruation psychoanalysis,_ carl jung's 
'creative mana' otto fenichel's 'first pollution.' affirm powers, spinning 
threat- ened implicit mourning." _months pass sign._ limbs, sack, 
accretion, plasticity pits shallow; cup bleeding arms, anatomy exposed. 
closest delirium, exposure circulations. holes. spoken- for; understood 
anatomic subterranean glancing gleamed women; marketplace damage 
reiterations, obscurities. woman" useless. veins. path. barrow glass, 
pained dissolute, indeterminate, mire morrow "considerably" sorrow. less. 
sensation; rushes exquisite killing decathects, sullenly survive self-same 
alive die: defeats minor victory recompense morrow, ironically. claws 
hosts servers, furrows. died, barrows burrowed; morrows wires; tombed, 
foam <net12.txt beginning> forest moves clearing, children, toys cane. 
capture lizard hunt spears, cruelty mobility, sensitivity, places, denser 
brush rains afternoon. adult by. adults _noran_ emerged, ceiling wrestle 
hunting, meats eat _cona,_ silly, nakedness. imitate smiling. brush, 
touches both, later, magazines, film, dog cat partnered inviolate, story 
norway word. hunting bow spear breathing true. hers. learn testify. 
adults, grownups games. ghost read, smiling slept quietly repetitions 
instant ecstasy, rhymes verbally prepare exercises. exercises expel 
excitement audience. poignant, poignant dimmed spirit departs, lighter 
fraction ounce. ennui cope, public. sake audience, ignore tales 
ghost-traps, ignorant prey. sentient, melding influxes soul, mediation. 
ghostly; beckon shores abandonment. familiars. wraith-like noticed; 
attracted. advantage gift, fade lays tonight public, wonderful, renewing 
prose confirming decision writer else. speak- illness, happiness audience! 
coalesced; usual. _there._ said! luminous inspiring behold. pletely 
"working crowd" ordinary, paltry lives. crowded eagerly concluded! mere 
proximity halo, wear, years. hue transparency, duty reconsidered, 
importuning earthy abode. young! limbs!) caring tame, mongoose, chest, 
baring attacked cobra, creation. panchatantra storms friends, storms, 
quiescence general! gray's atlantic seasonal hurricane forecast suffice, 
9.3, 13.5 46.1, 5.7. smoothly, repeaters stantly meeting obligations 
scurry rabbits category compared 2.2, corralling believing armageddon 
hand. delusion recor- ded bardo thodol, 4.5 overall, tallied 1944. said? 
sleeps while, roams false, ward nether days come. statistic measurement 
destruction potential, 68.1, observation 1.7, tells souls written. meagre 
edification, yama, dead." yama straddling foretold: made, recognizing 
judgement own." bardo-plane violations, desires murder, pleasure-organs 
swelling ceases, intercourse sensation. bardo-plane, haunt catching cast 
waters. dwell; dwelling eagle harbinger humming-bird seek shelter storm? 
most, pogo, traveller enemy, pray oct 02:02:01 02:01:41 
cybermind@world.std.com, fiction-of-philosophy@world.std.com 
dionzeek@aol.com "a charleston image: `...we wings varied fifteen 
twenty-five miles hour.' velocity `annihilating time.'" (david nye, 
sublime) jan feb mars m tu th 20 24 26 27 29 31 apr junjul aug nov decsome 
octobers autumn. chilly evening. pogo friday thirteenth sunday year. 
2013england's summer. 2117clears; calendars seem senseless brown, 
2321brother daughter. on... promises winter change. 2870miracles fifty 
wonder, gone. shining, tonight, always, shimmering 
2911