=

For Peter Ganick's literary blog, below:
Date: Tue, 15 Jul 2014 16:20:19



Corpus of the Beginning of the Internet Text


text 0      zero

internet - preliminary is a meditation on philosophy, psychology, poli- 
tical economy, psychoanalytics (computer) communica- tion. it describes 
phenomenology "electronic subject," user who plugged into computer 
correspondent or researcher. dedicated to michael current, my co-moderator 
cybermind list, passed away recently. divided eight labeled net1-8; 
sections are also given following titles: net1: text, approx. 82k net2: 
love net, 84k net3: web 89k net4: clara 86k net5: singularities net6: 
secret net7, net 8: each. first three texts form core volume; forms 
volume. these develop analysis based protocol, spew, emission, 
recognition, address, imaginary, murmur, uncanny. should be read order; 
only section traditional form, however. (it returned continuous rewrite 
itself others.) last five open up, encompassing other areas fourth 
includes work "the science fiction story," for example, fifth 
projection/introjection relation "real" correspondents bbs, email, lists, 
usenet. parts final deal with death, hacking, "stuttering" communication. 
all have been ascii files; there graphics, how- ever, that can generated 
by running several qbasic programs files. i envision single work. style 
difficult times, format changes radically from one another. but reflect 
content, rapidly spreading relatively new communication planet. 
(incidentally, much applies telephony well.) reader self-generating, if 
were inner voice. what am attempting new; bear texts, they will prove 
rewarding. keywords: connect: electronic subject, grain, exhausiton, 
obdurate, uncanny, projection/introjection, _chora_, devouring, liquidity, 
bridge, pipeline, node, transitivity, gesture, inversion. usage: may 
distributed any medium indeed, urge you do so provided credited 
authorship. would appreciate return comments have. also, some 
recommendations: list world.std.com (write majordomo@world.std.com include 
body message: subscribe <your email address> fiction-of-philosophy louis 
althusser: future lasts forever mark poster: mode information guido 
ceronetti, silence alphonso lingis, excesses community those nothing 
common terry winograd fernando flores: understanding computers cognition 
paul virilio, war cinema avital ronell, telephone book merlin donald, 
origins modern mind julia kristeva, revolution poetic language verena 
conley, rethinking technologies perforations magazine (contact 
zeug@pd.org) benedikt, cyberspace sondheim, disorders real (shameless 
plug) pierre bourdieu, invitation reflexive sociology michel serres, 
parasite (and anything else get!) p.j. harvey (music) 
