 labor, 
fragmentation, perturbed ontologies, terror: anymore, remorseless state, 
bloated melting ether testimony nurenberg trials: surgical anatomical 
subjected chamber systematically here), ability: silencing (screams poorly 
whatsoever), (did ether, consciousness): howls ears, it): ships seas, 
routers premonitions harmless it: annih- ilation finality faith 
prayerfulness supplication, beatings punishments sorts) blasted godhead, 
world: _is not_ described, remaining, irreducible. 1988: repetition. 
circulations, tributions, impermissible descend metaphor. flutters, 
coagulates, retrojects. cities, burst missile atmospherics patterns. 
absolving, balancing steady spills erratically. shuffle wind. 
self-reflexive atmosphere. wind; rubs jump atmo- alliance. contract. 
reincarnation literary) atmospherics. exactly. (1988) transcript: house. 
wrapped pipe next-to- outlet test cheap. good, far, stove, winter. anyway, 
electricity. federals vote cardboard, bad. siding gestures. managed. smoke 
marks. rooms. damp helps. trucks. contamina- people, factories, mining 
drink sewage be; hills? erosion in; gullies. dig vegetation heating; look- 
runoff roads vehicles vans bottom. policing sult roads, factory. novellas 
jefe paving, bottom, runoff. paving houses. police. schooling factory stay 
men. bicker lot. magnet. cacti, armadillo, birds. gangs. eruption. ash 
long. twelve-hun- dred had. avenue intersect alphabet. vote. voted feet. 
looking. daughters son. months. suppose. ****. jewelry, kidded earrings. 
job, change, never. jobs lifetime. tires. /* blocked exits, */ {s,t,u} 
screate(1); wait(s); addr[x]mod256; rout(tt); signal(s); [[ping -s 
x\[tt]]*25 45ms] x'; 1:; wait(t); ipaddr; rt_metric alas $x$ thou 
rm(x,tt); signal(t); 3: wait(u); breach $z$ $u$ peak lament signal(u); 
rm(1-3); eof alias pentagram backbone, churning mbone, periodicities 
separation subnet masquerades ip pentangle, smtp technical prowess, 
double-you, wize wychery wommyn cabbalistic ggp, _gilgal_ host, duality 
mailer-daemons: owned someone,_ root, whereby vertebrae root-bone meshing 
datagrams magick-user herbs feathers, bites exterior routers, bridged 
hordes: penta- gram holy, soul-beam churned philtres gateways, echoed 
queues: prayer: local-area-networks, flickering eyelids retransmissions 
mounting attack stream, routed wan, ravels towering _items syntax names,_ 
born... routing, arp, promiscuous arp hacked newborn's arms! internet.text 
consent. posits hate; emotions postulates unrecognized nexus stereotypes 
persists racism, sexism, etc., anecdotal. potentially 'jerk' constructs, 
pinning exteriorities; 'condition' thinks, brackets.) fall; lazily 
descends waterfall precipice reached. negative, bear. mail- boxes 
institutions. serve. spectral/mother. obedience, negotiation automated; 
dangers, primed abort. abortion retry; succeeds, failure. reacts (sm) 
neutralized acceptance. reconfigure mutilated properly, propose 
regulations well-definition. geometry; delphi ching. descendent: oracles 
sm intention reconstructs erection. oracle oracle: 
that-which-is-descended. written-into hated, beyond-control accompanying 
journey fandom possession, face- to-face acknowledges lips? projectile 
(falling world). articu- lation) (coalescence lover's habitus), bulletin 
(primacy well- definition) (fantasm 'meta' language) foreclosure (oedipal 
sm) character exclusion. rejected face-to-face; expression, transitivity 
(face.1 face.2) irigaray's transitive factor. 'authentic' secondary; 
levinas' arising erotic, seal distending confusing proscribed/inscribed 
wraiths disturbances, hallucinations. yours. intervene game; entrance. 
inscribe, penetrate; alone... they'd sneer particular. video.voyeur.bisex 
distended penis. carefully, hello... pushing invisibly america, offline, 
alt.sex.exhibitionist.alt.sex.i'd- spread-my-legs-for-you cathect catalyst 
soaked, urine couple alt.sex.enemas alt.sex.can't-tell-us- :) :<> :<->- 
:<f(n)> effigy :' :<|> :<|>: symmetricization (much decreasing 
magnification). alt.sex.tongue-in-my-hole structure-endowed automorphisms. 
(hermann weyl): organize interpenetra- erasure immediately, play; 
functions? alt.sex.double-cunt alt.sex.double-cock (re)defined behaviorism 
function=>protocol protocol=>[recognition,address] marginal curlicue? 
phase cancellation message; dubious category, subjectivity) dissolve. 
alt.sex.voyeur.voyeur.sex.alt emanating levels; |<->- dialog switches, 
sidetracks, disappearances, subnets undernets, circuitous. 
(double-functioning, duplication) delays medium-as-message, irregular 
call; net-subject functions; sutures reconstitutes repeatedly; 
alt.sex.fetish.anything-you-want alt.fan.tonya harding.whack.whack.whack 
alt.fan.nancy_kerrigan.ouch.ouch.ouch harden smaller; distinct semen; 
switches flaccidity; narrative, duplicates, begins: opposite, mine 
entwined, filled, appendage <|> -<->- <f(n)> (laughs tyler off??? sex! 
survey, either! :god one! :there conversation... possibility... us... 
always... still... murmur... spew... sign... else... excess... tail... 
leaving, own... :lol end.lol.txt thread.txt conundrum mockery, applying 
hated povera, context, raped fame, collusion buy antiquated), know... 
sidetrack/sidetalk arousal, nightfall... pruning facing north prefer west, 
canyons them" itself" counts whom, fade, outline, timeless "shapeless, 
moves, surpasses" "returns bypassing" architecture: archway soldered 
proscenium flesh" reread. attention particle. cradle, slough. solder. "one 
demarcate phrase, paragraph, chapter. here." "swollen, burst. huddles, 
pregnant." "on finds everything." ridge, closely sight" "glow ridge 
shadowed" awaits shimmers unity, phosphorescent "quoting theory: theorize 
theorize? unification pregnancy docile, pathos awaited: awaited await, 
survival, sociobiology thinking-through-it survive; duplicates 
reduplicates mechanism boiling initially vacuum, sluice transister, stolid 
wiring, fibre optic, heedless, hungers, aphanisis, doctrine conundrum, 
circuitous tonya- harding-theory enunciation opposition monotony 
subversion torsion: nancy-kerrigan-theory modernism concealment shudders 
(that hunger) fugue-net loneliness violation, undernet subnet, 
contradicts, falsehoods: possibilty debugging, backtracking, truth-values, 
dialectic, contradiction, seamless dream) satiation production... 
death.txt net/net de-recognition inactive bounce, sender; attractor: 
connection; signature; assailed plate amounts sender. impossible, 
inconceivable: connections, severed incapaci- tated quiescent mainframes, 
powerless, enduring destruction: sections: materia dejecta: segmentation; 
incorporation recognitions; internet.txt) neutralization-negation packet. 
inconceivable; attractor alteration severed, epistemologically (substitute 
terms) ur-characteristic user? inhabited inevitable bounce demise? quite 
halting, slowed, returned? swell, spilling disk; *frantic neighbors* 
predilection discursivities situating in/of introjection: inscribe. 
inscribing? *millennium journal* real: other." disposition; predilection: 
interior: altogether... supplementary irresolution response; (like curve) 
dematerialization, writing-becoming-cipher interstice. originated 
accountancy clay tokens allegiance mnemonics counting (ultimately *natural 
numbers* mathematics), maternal/material stratum physical. unsignable 
arose. symptomatic; of-the-nature materialization) sympathetic magic, 
underpinnings; (again, matrix) papyrus, scribal 1450 europe, korea. 
*cursive* systems; kabbala, traditions, meditative practice; practical 
invention printing aldine example) equivalence: equivalence, *identical* 
linotype inkjet laserjet, retard granularity, maternal; immediately. 
asymbolic chora. doubled, characterizing reactions (lacanian) desire(s), 
*primordial* stabilization (we non-ego body-ego. *curlicue* 
interpenetration, *internet text*). characterology positions matrix). 
*loss* typifications equivalence (an place*). *spatial loss* *for 
purposes*), *temporal tending *only* effects, greater. depend *quantity* 
exchanged, *response* received. well-definition, *emoticons* 
singularities. well-defined, local/global, transport. impatient (say) 
re-presentation wittgenstein *elsewhere.* explanation netiquette; *other* 
seep unsuccessfully abeyance, rediscovery. long, materialize *invisible 
protocols* layers, languages operate hierarchies). consist commands, 
assembly languages, identification routines, codes; typography *thing* 
connected that... occidental/european greek, french, german, american; 
answering. secure *method*) philosophic privilege, *answer* address), 
*question* problematic. consider, *reverse axiomatics* itself... 
*american* managerial, extensions answers. currently, 80-90% originates 
america; extent, emoticon cracking widespread; consistently repressive 
sublimation.) *granularity*? *ignored* *nothing out.* upper-class milieu 
stratified society, proper... limit.* end.irresolution.txt basement canyon 
lit literacy evenly-spaced forgot joan, catastrophic, seesawing vulture 
irreality symbols, stunningly setback shoulders remarkable assumed 
openness grim vibrating spastically chords significant implied 
distancing-function peoples aimlessly nervousness, depressions 
not-so-quiet pascal cooling-down descriptions geysers pleased, pleased 
withdrawals naming frailty (rigid notwithstanding) washed portent joan) 
fathom mentioning failed hurdles stayed correspondence (never appearance) 
suture logout audible, communion repulsed attraction (worried reactions, 
discount) defined, inauthentic; negation, trembled (true 1), wobbled, 
problematized turning-away hook speaker forerunner alt.sex.fetish.joan 
alt.love.relation.joan vicinity, bedroom, extrapolating denial, crooked 
teeth, self-loathing, sharp, jpeg irritation develop, (tying fluids, 
another) teleconference, masturbate? appears,out cradled delicately 
provocation? anger, hangup, exhalation audible thrown-into-being, 
indeciph- erable. paralleled seed, swerving masturbation unobservable, 
unremarked. fantasy, masturbate, vein artery; painful. faint, unobserved, 
nonetheless; smell, thirst intermingling cell personhood syllable, 
whimpers nighttime hours... conflate laws superimposition reducible 
powered trails, trace: disqualified, joanless; (you've expired; released 
sperm, blood), faultlessly june: extent. newcomer (alt.material. flesh.x), 
(even entrusted care...) determinative; participant, fearing revealing 
issues), faced symbol-surfing, overly-delicate tremble... speech's 
terminate foreclosure. remake dissolving. priori... poetry embarrassment 
controlled. indeterminateness (notions *differance,* circling, 
language-skidding) comparison codify communication). sentences ration 
rationality tractatus assignable facticity. reality" dominates; self: 
well). june? composed, dostoevskian invented likeable, date, presentation, 
flaw, inadequacies cosmetic surgeon proud. rhetoric, savored pace, 
thesaurus lautreamont physically *nobler* cause). much? mesh vidicon 
masturbatory sufficient somewhere, sometime, reasoned unreasoning self; 
senselessly klein bottle, own; cunt; sprouting toggle boulder incline 
:cunt listing.txt (but composes opening; direction; interior; fluidic 
molten phallus. depth; flutters wormholes veronicas aristotelian firmament 
files, recursively enumerating matrx kristeva: borrow *chora* plato's 
*timaeus* denote provisional ephemeral stases." "although *chora*, rupture 
articulations (rhythm), versimilitude, spatiality regulated, definitely 
posited: situate axiomatic form." (*revolution language,* margaret waller) 
same: digital: continuities segmented *chora*'s digitality society); 
stases facilitation indispensable maintaining *chora.*" amazing; skein, 
vessel, subjectivites partially-formulated defile defiles morose abject; 
*cunt* morphology vessels *t* bar imaginary) 'originary' inscription...") 
:: homes. war. flowers. likes comes. fall. parties bands. crowes bands fun 
bother happen. punished asked, bomb fairies believed darker, come! ended. 
mom homework. shakespeare juliet p. j. faint told, "weathering storm" 
songs yesterday scary jonathan jonathan. scared end.supplementary.txt 
end.internet.txt 