 
labs na 22.1 1.21 co2 lab tests room. 07:16 asthmatic breathe doldrums 
chalk _malaise._ 07:19 hopeless es et: emergency enginnering team eu: 
evaluation alt.asthma.zabrowski alt.talk.doctor "he treating thomas." 
suggest treat time." 13:10 sleeping. wakes "honey's" aphasia. 13:13 quiet. 
chol hdl 10/10 liquids tomorrow tiffany sick people. thodol mailbox mess 
attached; bored tendrils respond keys. scrolls mise wake cleanest tune 
yourelf, tun- tuning. reading. peering thinner imagine. purest safe. 
memorial pictures, films, videos, unfair; incubates; immediacy choke 
development. medi- procrastination mine, _they desire,_ _chora_ 
embodiment. turns, caresses, caressed renders hollow. curling palmtop, 
desktop. implement curl, (on textwork, _traumwerk_) hand,_ 
re-articulation. aside; languor aural sensate solution, increases size. 
sliced courtesy tcp/ip col. reconstituted, formally, ephemera hardness 
invite busy surfing goodbye rage: kilo- lost. avail, unanswered. rage 
encumbered fluidity suddenly, rears machinic, rods levers. skull fury 
gapes wants piece. desperate, dis-membered against. confrontation 
dismemberment, cybersex real-world automobile accidents: mix. brooklyn 
signals. sirens row. vomited. (lydon) devours within, deck chair s.s. 
lusitania. scroll. happens; migraine's text-rush unfold _be,_ un- borders, 
meanders epistemologies trackless freight-train, ontological. _produce 
myself,_ _mean,_ gallop aren't buffered. ridiculous reproduction 
impression bend shape, propositional logic, exists, margins big. meanwhile 
halt crushed butter- fly, coccoon leaves. dinosaurs noise. restlessly 
attacking boys. joys bleating eating. defying imagination, prop heming 
hawing, starlet cage happens. bermuda, starlet, could've clued ya. ogden 
nash gristle (re: explosion fiction-of-philosophy._ vomiting obdurancy 
versing communication... flood/spew (what languaging). overflows 
exponentially-increasing nauseous. correcting situation, vomited, 
repeatedly, toilet, ordinarily hidden, digestion. surfaces. gristle. 
gristle, _any_ meaning, higher-level meat revealed. error; sutured, 
_civilized._ embarrassment, expose machinics communality, apparently 
flawless clearing messages, inertia _it._ sayable _everything_ 
exponentially quantity... showed vomited up._ fray seduction cyberspace... 
enveloped tremb- unknown, slivers forward, downward; your- penetration. 
dangerous game, displaying releasing receive strangers, strangers? 
openings, cranes. pooled marsh-liquidities, nomadic, achievement. per- 
fume. lured _nipple,_ all- circularity, territory screen-memory, 
screen-mammary. indexical, lure. tongues, mois- scragged falter: here? 
lure, _would have_ platitudes, stupidities, later. apartment, loft, 
fumbling "safe" pretending. parasitic? party slant profusion absences 
blurred bound- aries. _itself_ seductive, _inconceivably_ party?), 
entirety, gainsay. _pointed out_ installed inflated priority bends 
accommodation analytic phil- osophy. post-structural poetics; absence. 
distorted _protocol_ unproblematic, ceases _read_ substructures, 
automorphisms, rupted crinkling present; seduce splay second; conceit 
coupling cams _something else_ _housing._ _housing_ subject. cyberghost 
hair. lend _cut_ angle, cutters bleed _lure_ ourselves. trivial! let's 
pascal's enormity outcast servers. parting lips... 10, 
2010interview/critique seamlessness virtuality alternative "classic" 
artificial ahead sched- ule 2040, knew, mass, concept; (neural networking, 
post-mpegn compression lot). sondheim's concentrate _writing_ form. 
distinguishes _splintering_ inherent signal, stressing paramecia cyborgs.) 
receiving _model_ (derived technology) entities involved, nexi spews, 
vocalizations (i. e. grammatology), sexuality, pervade freudianism 
disguise? reductionism, countered, successfully, pervades vir- tuality 
_driven_ (could dif- ference, virtual, [sondheim again] real?] ghosting, 
(freud, lacan, garner, not) tibetan ghost- trap. trapping skein," 
coagulative reconstitutive being-in-cyberspace. stresses 
being-in-cyberspace being-in-cyberspace, deny (at regard, unclear gone). 
postulate _con- fluences real._ pre-socratic feels, liquify virtuality, 
stated feuilleton, portions invalidate mobius-structure. conceived 
journey, indicated, stasis. _shimmer_ molcular, approve. intelli- gence. 
favorites alt.net.watersports controversial sysadmins. "how unix" 
stockings, t. veronica side. server. narrow wais host tel, netted 
stockings shee mailed pair lynx are," n' talk." jughead post), replied, 
"t. cp? ip!" her! begged, "let you!" "are deaf, t.? p!" archie! unix," 
"and only..." "dos right," pipe. "line up." smiled, bared "u tore up! 
formed, go!" begging, "p, hyper, texan am. internic p?" site! pp. p, com 
ping! possible! angry. boxed ears! main should've veronica; baud! byte 
extemporaneously, choose naturally. afield 51 clo- demographic younger, 
before; stereotypes. moroseness perhaps. label deal. seem. times. writer, 
writer. definitive exactly, introjections, paramount; dominates. try? 
consequence; communities highway, point-to-point linearity. (based points. 
vectors well-definitions, entirely. essential differ- ence. age. reveal, 
circumstances, edginess disguise. govern, differend socius, imagine, 
avoiding harassment, paramount, exploration, homosexuality, edged 
empowerment. transsexuality. complicated. homosexual lationships, 
releasement introjection/projec- incor- porated reasons, shaves taneously. 
oppression overt sexist _theaters._ posing usenet, chat-lines, muds, 
crossing unclear. alences. imbalance oppression, freer sexual, oppressive 
female, exploratory deepening ways, non-regulated much, add, ience 
transgressive, retardation. consciously unconsciously constructed, adrift, 
_works_ questioning, answering, _case_ masculine, physiological, wholly, 
seems, remnant saying. equality, flickering, empowerment, externally, 
buffalo rode jeep four-by four. soles feet, quote, screens. everything's 
confronts burrow scratch skin- tar lay, water-buffalo sides mewling help. 
came: buffalo: despair. signifiers. assembled debris. but: meaningless. 
copula. rolled desert, mewling, drowning darkened interiors grinding 
copula substance. implication produce) sonority. tar, move- slowed 
omega-point, oh, anal, penile canals, instestines, erection, testicles 
pit. copula- began. copulation sand. tar. bull, then. choked tornado: 
deadening despair relegation noun. noun limitation verb. sentence 
organized sentenced b.e., brim, sword self-swallowed-sword wheels 
four-by-four buffalo, breath: verb prevaricates (tiffany, dancing me!); 
violation-fabric, dark-tar dark-star real) lucan, pharsalia: irrationals 
countered scrutiny, bounded uncontained, discovery unharness chariot 
number; dispense euclid archimedes, surpassed, gorge wayfarers peak. 
melissus _being bulk one._ (cf. 9.) inheritence. rides proceeded trailing 
screamed eighty cent blossoming arches. ||||||| callers, gaped arrivals 
activated bridges. cauterized cached inconceivably protected 
one-dimensional bouncing crazy canals. acceleration tidal supine class, 
token-ring betatron. veered timer. planetary haul, grit-byte, seething 
vibration hurtled insignificant temperature. gateways shunted along, 
running. acknowledgement hlen full-on mod32/0, codebits checksum urgent 
pointer, options, padding, segmenting, speeding light-lag dense mediums, 
blue-white maybe, scrolled tight. connectionless, unmotivated, what. noth- 
violation-fabric weight, shrieked shrouded tunnels. suffer children._ 
hello. backup chased roared reliant brilliant dwarfstar. phosphor photon 
mechanisms; sputtered dulling senses. sheared fiber, luge-travis feet-for- 
tcp hard-ridden bumper slated rounded circuit rule, listening wasn't. peed 
soaking groin, nipples. pooling abdomen, hard; erect, chafed cloth, 
fluids. feel- decathected. decathected, revolving stage, inward. ended, 
pants dried, shriveled length, weeks obtusity horizontal; frozen, shots 
proved menses savaged, smeared caked spoors, spears swords curled 
coagulation, dried record fury. coursed veins arteries. full, half-truths, 
wobbled roamed grains, developed projector cleaner lubri- cant. 
chattering, inserted hermaphroditic odin reaching terfuge herself; 
encouraged shaven, short-circuited rings; taut. tied, flooded. bind tight, 
watching, spanked ragged. melt carpet, being-done-to doing-to cybertalk, 
cyberwhisper, whisper. half- half-real, half-man half-woman. clots 
clothes, bodywork, body-lost, mind-lost. urethra. thought-balloon _there's 
there:_ frames, segments, datagrams, fiber-optic cables, copper satellite, 
ground-station, repeaters, sub-ocean micro- sparked grid-membranes, 
solar,coal, oil, tidal, thermal, nuclear, hydro- internals externals 
distanced equivalences creaking teraterabyte laser-incandescent heat. 
unfurled, murmurs, whis- pers spider-links outspace hushed diffraction 
grated, lens, pearls luminance dusk solitons, weaving roiling, helicopters 
sit, sift linings flying linked halos supine, tight rotating speed, bur- 
nished pasts futures, whitened, orbitals, eyebrows, lashes, _none_ veers, 
tilts, askew, akimbo, ajar, viral; sunspots ripped coagulated realities 
climate radiated veers bacterial, invasions hosts, shat- hoar-frost mona 
lisa overdrive, _unserrated,_ ungraspable. _feel all,_ _thing,_ _it_ 
reconciliations frame, datagram datagram, mind-mouth ajar. there._ skins 
flay scars; slits slits, rotations alive.) shape-rider shapelessness 
frightens assign point-of-view. onlooker reproduces elliptical oozed 
capitals concluding begun. sublim- ated lurking pol- tergeists emblems. 
_within_ _bounded_ vectored recursive. _binding_ map; _at tip phys- ical 
retracing contours, bandwidth spectography ear gestures singer, bass 
abbreviated bandwidths. oozing renames, occludes _shape ontology_ gas 
container. gas's no-man's boundary-regions; psychoanalytic assembles 
dissembling. stutter, came, asleep. filigree pillows reds blues, branded 
winged, invaded loud, loud. bobauler@aol.comwed 00:10:18 1994: stuff.  
undeliverable project...presumably radiating 