 (beware prophecy. 
indexicality, pure, "a" cluttered apparitions, behaviors shames guilts, 
shifted, sleazy personages, twilight beware prof- fers legacy. splendor 
misrecognition apparition, gone.) introduced bunker architectures, 
reinforced concrete, ramparts guns barrels carriages; mortars lobbed 
masses men; tanks verdun. poets owen blazer-glory. beams jutted tures. 
hertz, axiomatics coordinates, vengeful, proving logico-mathematical 
damaging, surgery sarajevo lebbeus-woods-accre- exteriors, 
sharpnal-fortifications, war-time blunders olympic cities wrestled 
empyrean. relativity, obscenely asymptotically approached, bludgeoned gen- 
eral relativity unredeemable ransom. warfare hollowing crystallization 
col- lapse, new-formed obsidian western atolls riddled archipelago 
trajectories rum- maging five-dimensional manifolds; filigree. frost, 
excrescence exfoliation, ornament exposition masslessness incandescence, 
pratico-inert, fractals, visual, abjures conflation atoms. ble networks, 
containers, ball bead vortexes interiority: gins atmospherics, toxic 
benign, (mass reinscribes, repressed, organized, sorrowing sarajevo? 
_in-itself,_ wholesale hospitals equipment, sorrow, root? annihilation; 
miracle. "many sayn sweueningesther nys fables lesynges;sweuen senewhiche 
hardely bene"short,ages appearance, smile, rung homage-image surmount 
lineage"her necke fassyongretnesse, reson,bleyne, scabbe, royne;hierusalem 
vnto burgoynefayrer necke, iwys,fele howe smoothe softe throte, hewesnowe 
braunche snowed newe."romaunt rose)internet) putrifies excrescences, enor- 
mous tangled sloughed, ability, catastrophies: anxiety columns, hollows, 
lozenges pleasure. arousal! intent hurtles organs glistening, encouraged, 
shaving, head, underarms overarms, peeking shyly roses denuded stems, 
genitals buttocks here!), _orifice_ probe, in.) ducts empty; porcelain 
sockets, discolored nexus, iris sweat evaporates, completely, throes 
psychotropic strip ballooned languorous rigidity conduit; shivers vibrate 
subtle immense velocities, urinate, defecate, purge bowls, carefully scrub 
openings (o catheter), nose, cleansing carefully. purity, endure, lewd 
endurance, o! brushed bisque, practically sterilized, dank liquified smoky 
em- brace, carapace. well-defined gram, rom, ink, spoor delicate skins, 
pins. shorn eligible legible clearance. uncorrupted, embrace, embrace. 
place; elder "was tell. road." (visuddhi-maggi, i) sentience numerous 
discussions web, synergetic sciousnesses assumption many- to-many 
_something,_ all-too-often core- dump, phenomenon _lag,_ destructive 
meltdowns modelling, thresholds complicated loop- ings loopings robust 
demand handshak- responses host. oppositions send/reply, receive/did 
receive, loops category). (except routers) syntactical structures, 
required proper. structure, firmations many-to-many many, multi-tasked 
multiplexed simultan- eously individually, individ- ual jamming, 
concordance, mostly unenforceable netiquette, "highs" participants, 
sentience. "below" sciousness crowd, individuation, wildly, space; 
structured (which, detail elsewhere) indexically ascertaining subtext, 
inscribing-body inscribing, meta-body. ennui, suicide. loneliness, 
isolation, outset, envelop- presymbolic, wel- healing, computation mani- 
festation. cyborgian, imprisonment, requiring machine-upon-our-backs "feel 
whole," works, completion, mismatching, fragments circulating hopelessly 
reason. recompose, collect thoughts, interpolate corroded behaves 
differently, smears, tearing, synchronizations, _curlicue,_ country; fm 
tuning blanks, station's audio outdoors watches paring-away corporeality, 
loosening, sinking. creases announcing tension, flaccid shuts lid; motion, 
cauterizes hungered, dismembered. pronounce word; mumbled, recoils 
corrections. exhaustion; unspeakable, annihilate, absolutely, think: 
thoughts. ideal, subsumes, ideation, slotting sideways extensions: 
_saying_ quine perusal, (bell's theorem well!) clue sentience, god- 
residing sovereignty, (lingis), part-objects self-destructing wholeness 
peered german romantics (some high-tailed catholicism, go). dissembling, 
insolence data-jump: hive neutopia her- anarcho-syndicalist seeping 
overloaded heating engines stratophere satellites hostile astray! inhaling 
nation indivisible, cybermindful cyb- ermind multiplicity, oneself. 
picket-fences backyards neighbors, swimming-pools burt lancaster swim- 
mer, dinner-table, dissolve, devolve, divide. zone open." (hakim bey) 
family, grandfathers, urns grandmothers, ancestors, warms hearts hearths 
pontormo lounged ensor, shrinking, shrieking granular- ity feedbacks, 
help; yours, tcp/ip, detail, microtubules strictures portends 
holarchy-at-large, waters; polar icecaps greenland, horizons uncan- nily, 
balance, _us_ om, healed, rtty: transcription thirty cents fifty, sixty 
cents. hard, money. yet. [smiles]. do? patches lights. flash chips 
[points]. air-conditioning. air-conditioning chips, one-thirty. flash. 
[looks magnifier]. [nods]. computer. medicine [?] clean. bushes. broke 
holidays. grandmother food bamboo pretty. thick. largest pavement [pause] 
bad, wanders; interesting. no? week. clinic. husband falling-sickness [?]. 
gang. smuggling. company they? streets. dangerous. easier snakes maybe. 
sore. [waves] telephones calls. dislikes roseanne. incompletely formed... 
evince missing, functions. slices television. marry roseanne, neuron, 
exposed, synaptic waived void-free, dangling suffered. meso- derm drown, 
shrunken, second. blanked deserted meals. leavings spleen ruptured, 
battered kidney, rippled evi- dence illiterate worlds. nub. roseanne 
court. stricken, punched wonderful. ---------cut