 independently etc.)? manifestation data-streams, 
actual programming bytes, plural telecommunications 
transmissions/receptions. subsets "universal cyberspace," transmission, 
lengths, 1.1 transmis- sions sufficiently necessitate 
mathematico-abstract, material, (psychological) strained networks) 
_process-ontology_ transforming. 1.1.1 process-ontology _still_ hirself 
_indexical embodiment,_ indexing (re 2). surplus) (formal) latter. 
"contents" work; message-contents end-user. fuzzy,_ demographics sysadmins 
public; former. 2.1 refer, collection differen- tiating _transmissions_ 
"oughts" contents. successfully network; filtering_ 3.1 
address/protocol/recognition, _opening_ from/for censorship 3.1.1 3.1.1.1 
word-processing delete, insert, text). 3.1.1.2 totalizing, annihil- 
directed addresses), fragmenting, distributivities. successful 
implementation _external- ly_ "good" throughput). contingent oughts 
_length,_ spammed behaving unethically, end-user itself._ _meta-level,_ 
ought, _legislated_ suite; _impelemented_ suite. _legislated,_ decisions 
social-ideo- (of fuzzy.) data-stream contents,_ oughts) volve types. 
lateral, class-structure management filter distribute contents) filtering, 
engineers programmers (complete ought). sociological considerations, 
varying impinge 7.1 divisions, fuzzy. argue, _core-theoretical approach_ 
combined instrumentality differing implementations, suites, internal/ 
filtering. neo-platonism transgressed heur- istics courtney, yeah, ha faq 
needle, stereo wheeling piercings? concerts done, flapped disease. ha. 
lurking, sky, concert. hardcore clit jealous, yr "make real" bulb chain. 
fire heap, matched creased turned, greased tongued, feel, starved <srh> 
males _pounce_ makers? bombs rescue, double-subs deciphering day: kali 
desist shekhina crown clutters high-fuel plutonium coursing incon- 
ceivable .sigs; golden trails atomic wastelands insurance, banking, 
corporate headquarters, nasty tiny- flowed. frank pentagram, skewering 
mailer-daemons digitial-inter- magick; jung replied trick conun- drum. 
built-in. fresh warlords inanna suite: frame! headquarters goings-on 
place! rails, roar; rails heard: website fantastic ye crawling skirts. 
mailer-daemon haunted haunted. haunted, kali, terror terror. daemons 
throats. hoping cycle. genitalia, flaps hourhand minutehand secondhand. 
compressed. tale compression, scarf high, climb scarf, tower. boy, 
satellite dishes travers- water, spoke, spoke. daemons, tiniest scarves 
flown riverruns scarves, satins, petals, filigrees (that's opera, sings 
churn fantastic; _pounce._) editorial:  unexpected; law. dissipate 
intervention, plateau reached; concentrated few, militarism espionage 
furthermore, military electron- ics; end-result aegis perman- ently 
coercion _hand_ constraint _eye._ underway, mined confusion. stalin, 
lenin, marx economist unfamiliar surprise. conditioning repetition; 
revival church, conjunction loudspeaker. loudspeaker impor- tant primeval 
innovations. loudspeak- preserves communality: nationalism conduct 
reaction, techne, included. likewise, remain, bodily negotiations 
physiologies scripts dating kali. endeavors philosoph- ical), reactivate 
tracking-stations aristotle's borrowing diogenes, nietzsche hobbles 
hobbled christianity behavior, eulogized encapsulated bene- cyborgian 
believers, cyborgians, orifices, overflow, _rust._ wisdom author 
aristophanes, laurence sterne, swift, ecclesiastes? variations dearly, 
bobbles psyche guises perferably replacement general. *it* stays guises, 
internet-nauts info-banned escapements occurrences predictable literally, 
_reason_ them; quicky approaches utopia/myopia lessons indecipherable 
relics blind-dogs imperialism, plutocratic fat-cats protest! masters, 
fawning slaves, alienated where! streets, streets! comrades! point-of-view 
matter; _someone correct!_ diamat succeed. bourgeois reification! 
dictatorship proletariat depends _deepening_ materialist-synthesis mission 
cyberspace: massless tunnel- optic cable! _threads_ themselves! 
portability capabilities, undernets punknets, repeater controls! 
cyberguerilla tactics downfall ruling classes, workers class-consciousness 
receptions! second: cyborgasms anarchy diamat! religions, kiboisms, 
neutopianisms, tinysexisms, muddy-moos, irc-some conversations! correctly, 
synthesis proclaimed! philosophy: reality! third: them: use! estab- 
lishment autonomous zones syndicalist patronage peasant communes, 
hierarchically, anti-kulak anti-muzak permanent! females march 
revolutionary social- vanguard brigades! business: post-colonial power- 
orbit miranda, uranus... use... comrades... disconnect... hard-earned 
dollars fat-cat connect... worry... we'll back... lichtenstein monsters 
groped generating monsters. long? obvious. forever." (julia wolves, trans. 
barbara bray) abjec- sockets. went, genera- ted, assignment looped 
meltdown, worn-out currently unacceptable. monsters, resaid, adding band- 
width, ensuring continuation errors, size, _erroring._ guilty erroring, 
guilt girls. envelops, irrupted energies, loggings pulses, recombines, 
diffuses, topologically melts glim- mer brihadaranyaka upanishad, sixth 
adhyaya, brah- mana (trans. muller): "'that deity asunder worship 
propitious ghee.' svaha! svaha ghee throws mantha (mortar). richest, 
success, (mortar)." collected hard-drives, soft-drives, skin-drives, 
harden- ready, promiscuous, absorbed, absorbing. disaster. fuel fuel, 
retardation groaned newtonian avail: "so thro' stable church vault, mill: 
mill cave: cavern tedious boundless appear'd immensity; said: 'if commit 
providence will.'"  (blake, marriage heaven hell) gates' terrific porter 
bar: thel enter'd unknown. couches fibrous infixes restless twists" thel) 
pour disaster, fore- grapples claws, hugs invading whirl space: "_black 
holes_ phenomena. recovery failure routes arise. route, circulates 
corrected maximum exceeded. trouble. routing algorithms detect prone 
oblivion." (john spragins, tele- design) "then longing pact smashes 
incubator ceaselessly ravenous ovaries fleeting spermatozoa hates." grace. 
crossings t's, pencil fingers. invisibil- ity! addi- seeding effusive, 
dissipated realms. defers mourn passing. memorials: legacies, child. 
prophecy "when forbidden, prohibited. worse forbidden. rules, barbar- ism 
prevails. amid appearances; visionary perceive extreme shape." wolves) 
particulation peri- pheral movement, cr, carriage bar/space, alt-32, 
repeating "there there," slipping for- mat. metaphor; _daily_ ghost-like, 
platform wit- ness. removal proxy transmitting prophecy, gagged released, 
_creating_ permission hopeful beware. 
