| erase _e_ redrawn fields/second 
_my_ stabilizes, glowless. glow _now._ me.) weekend, computers. _glow._ 
vertical. heidegger, woods, irigaray, flood. infinitesmials, hittite, 
query. derrida, riven lips; backwards rainy prevert leaves, water. nicole 
brossard, kathy acker, thoughtlessly drawn, theory, nature, anthracite 
seams pennsylvania, erased ancients, exact steadfast sparse population, 
locomotive. precise constituting language. reproducing childhood. faintest 
proof wound: remains! archives mega- bytes url menus, conjure interrupted 
splinter, divide, regroup connectivities generated; groups regularly 
raided repost, announce- ments selection. redistribution. net-happenings 
sputterings mothership. splinter feeding recollected redistributed where. 
postal supplement administration telnetting redirected entirety reposted 
part; subscriber acting conduit. downloading studiously exhibited 
fiction-of-philosophy. re-examined spoon@world.std.com examination. 
misspelled user-unknown deletion, badly preserve member cybermind; 
fiction-of- sister-list brother-list cross-posting cousin moderated 
moderator, moderation, subscription format, check subscriptions arrive. 
specific listed pur- supplying pertinent subscribers. sheets periodically 
checked updated, moderator subscribes unsubscribes individuals activity, 
password her) world.std.com. glimmer smile. locate long-missed memories. 
formation, fibre-optic mem- ories. quickly, downloaded embarked 
translation pictures. earth-god-time-marriage parmenides: auf rechten 
knaben, linken maedchen. boys, girls! womb! time-delays spaceship lags 
1940s girlie mag detectives redhead chevrolet bod jumps marathon runner 
2005 & murky, decathected: tries _nearby, hover uncontrollable light_ 
then? pherecydes: _zas chthonie_ this: chthonie acquired zas bridal gift._ 
preparations kranz/diels german: und chronos waren ewig that! motivation 
motives exacerbations liminal, motion secret, allure timing. _a time._ 
revelation; deference binary, holding-in sim- ulacrum emergent nomadic 
gambling, entschiedung aber hierueber liegt folgendem: oder ist!, [here] 
following, not! cybertime presocratic abyss: meander. liminal; meaning. 
recon- struct eternal, total, impervious, time's irruption herakleitos: 
annaeherung, approach/approximation. chthonie! tracks house slope. raining 
torrent twigs branches, funnelling streamlets rivers. mountains, glacial 
crevices, green-black moss, mist mist. netting pinned wire, plates rivets. 
hinged plates, rivets, mechanics reveal- samurai horn. bare, creaked gales 
sheets, boughs pine ground, mountain. juggurnaut, viola- wheels, moss-ice 
miracle furrows; turning. inflation rim, furrow inflated, kwakiutl shtetl 
lived. breast. yab- yum shakti, shekinah pouring water-matrix, ghost-trap 
rocky rocks, stony stum- bled (later inhabit bite squeeze breast; look, 
inhabit, kiss, gaze, suck, bite, squeeze, rub, breast.) ___________ box. 
morning. ] ( lim- its. finished finished. ) { strategy. post. secret. } 
_ontological operator._ indexical. _calculus cyberspace._ calculus calcu- 
lus _indexical._ _stuff_ constitutive differend. identity. reconstituted 
disparate together. ____________|church. preacher lurch. pie. cry. halt, 
lame. stream. spine. dream. lie. sweet medical patients' friends' treat- 
(also cured), diagnoses tracking feel! results. resist, doctor 
propensities, di- rection); terminology directory, be! patient identifier 
sondheim "clara" thomas zabrowski "tom" "honey"  11/10/94 04:04 neurotic 
neurotic. amazed. smart. 11/10/04 04:12 hopeless. 04:12:30 13:50 ambiguity 
ambiguity. sulfide "tunes" provocation, aphasia 11:10/94 13:52 
