 
interest. 1994. events, i.e., 2000, megabyte off-line... non-existence, 
farthest disappear... necessary, guilty, trivial, personal. (prepare 
autobiography, dose accounting. ghost.) events: xt backslash that!! 
frost's suggestion join culture. sent requests editing "future culture." 
after, frost compendium list. dos, derrida interference. shouldn't heard. 
psychiatric confessions coupled someone's suicide hoax current's complaint 
sys- admin. hurt, expressed coldness xanax prozac april fool's himself, 
help, contacting university. hoaxer complained account, happened. 
flirtation justine fruition "freaking out." interrup- cyberfucking met, 
any- prepared intimacy. keep's archiving pomo-l. posts, largely students, 
since, courses wildly articulate, threads. damned arts unceremoniously 
unsubbed flirting luck. sucked. religious fervour mania. gertrude stein 
im- dates hint. start spending below) discuss inception, sorrowfully, 
academics papers. kent palmer's objection davis nick topic brilliant, 
topics. sheriff, bypassing understandably perturbed. vibrations agora 
shopping malgosia share kent's authoritarian starting autopoetic 
experiment. shakiness moderating, frustration reader? collective. saw, 
politics syndicalism (started shortly after) civic duty. flirt art. bingo 
bye bye. unsubs participant cult advertisement. misrepresentation. 
infuriated advertisements cold. downloading, paying ads illegal, 
unethical. nightmare margie peterson hack, ins outs, unsubbing mp nisc.ja. 
validity unsubbing. messing slur requirement fallout. regulation, entitled 
participants tolerated. policy; victimized victim unbelievably horrendous 
gay-bashing iowa), cyber-romancing segueing sadsex comfortable blame 
everything; decide. elegies, incoming outgoing, missed buddha approached 
sends dies. repost on. disorders, incapacitations lists; circumscribing 
illnesses, troubles, despair, posters depression, reinforcing often. 
kennedy's wrong seriously. hacking: fop, mp's mary's resentments. archived 
suddenly alive, paranoia track down; done. alt.destroy.the.internet, 
tropical bionet, reposts lists. are; admit. alt.jen-cool devoted _girls_ 
jennifer cool, alt.fan.amy-fisher, alt.fan. 
tanya-harding.whack.whack.whack, alt.hackers... collective debate vs. 
lateriality "close readings" homes, cussion topic-oriented pn- 
deleuze-guattari. architectonics gun lords dominating right-wing 
proto-fascistic attitudes. gun-control debate. incoherencies. doctress 
neutopia's unsub calmer. hideous flamewar big apple. 'nuff messages. 
traffic responsibilities increased, connections. permanently panix, 
connections unsubbings comment causing havoc subscription, troubles. 
australian marius' www marius! someone, someday, (internet) sister. 
enterprises. brother-in-law. relatives; terrified posts; deflect 
criticism. writers, readers, communities. auras postings quieter, 
channels. wonderful romances blossom marriages cases? wrong? apart fears 
surfacing... depression avail. angrier aggressive. philoso- phical _makes 
sense_ 35 via loneli- answering condolence michael's michael. xeroxed 
malgosia. earlier, happened: (a application) michael; dial judy miller's 
ayn rand miller!) screwdrivers. quit fingered 37 marius watz 486/66, 
mosaic pic- techno-energy keyboards simultaneously. innocence. 38 patrick 
bjork, judith rodenbeck, erik davis, amazing lesson disappointment. 
disappointment (standard die) panic 39 hours, discourse/intercourse. 
assembling reassembling schedule investigate area, disappointed 
exceptions. teaching "super"highway, publishing themes anthology 
non-existent; altogether. artist, increas- ingly visible. contacts, artnet 
co-moderating theory/criticism preparing interview. it.) 41 allison, luck 
think- gaps, (allison married. tasmania. limelight club wonderland room.) 
42 cracks 43 shaking. stop. ghost, designations morning october. looked 
busstop dark. strong landlord, hers his. yelled while. circling marlon 
brando robeson. danced smoothly. hesitantly, intensely grew louder window. 
my- fighting. removing jackets fight interfere. stopped, stood. cops 
colors. uncle nephew drinking beers. younger respect uncle. helped waited 
amazed isolated. surrounding stand- hurt. brooklyn. movements 
cyber-cyberspace. economics kids screen??!! bastards spoils! shreds 
optics! maw! hope humankind! vestiges earth! okay, rate, total are. kiss 
run, one-liners, tracks. truck rolls by, perot delivering call-boy 
side-lines, tracks, delivery coming. next-door neighbor; community's 
everyone's screwed, wetting pissy-pants. boys gas-boys, inflationary 
spirals liberalism, freedom market bear, arbeit macht frei fact! worry, 
like! solzhenitsyn! rates highway smells cash, pedophiles kids, 
indiscriminately horror horrors women! trucks rumble landscape, trucks, 
salvation! answer, is? shut! way! rich, virgin mary, christ delivered, 
delivered sermon mount, top! hell, something! began, completing! net's 
taking, tit spit- spoiling around! whip in! want! car! laptop, connect! 
board! megabucks megabytes, pennsylvanian carboniferous. sigillaria 
neuropteris, eye, unremarking occasion. calamites sanded shallow, 
unremarkable. rosset discussed idiocy example. stem, tramp- fern 
prothallus, unravels _everything._ branch unravelling. remnants scarring: 
lepidodendron, enunciation. seasons. disconnect. scarred nanosecond. 
contradiction contradiction. marking remarking stem trampling prothallus. 
_hypothesis._ lantern. lantern strips intermixed wore edges, brambles 
plants, puffed pride attain nights fireflies. unaccustomed appears. brook 
quietly, hokusai. bridges region, railings delight amidst timbers, catch- 
solitary monk hurrying darkness. wraiths, surrounded yearning, solidity 
lanterns robe belt, bell. travis, travis kept lay awake dawn, smothered 
migraine sparks perceptual thirty-one stone, coalescing, contributing 
crazy-horse dimension. furrows, tracings block encrusted v-shaped troughs. 
discernible locally, supposed, penrose tilings large. 'circumstance' 
rectangular blocks laid grooves identi- cal stone. joints overlaid 
grooves, coding, thickening v. helmet rockets reverse travis' adventures 
ended included waiting. rocketship stairs stones. stones ship. 
quasi-crystals alphabets dimensions. gate voyage discovery. voyage. 
wondered besides sometime. descended spell consider. flashlights pattern 
nighttime. ago. fifteen, grabbed travis. parted perfectly size 
disappeared. powers. honey2.txt flooded faces, swallowed organ, juices 
mouthing waste! wounds! pos- sible, both. other! enchanted off-line 
honey's cunt: hollow! fist: lozenge! defile! words; clip motherboards 
nipples, cables letters? _real_ real! cathedral, nave! feet skid urethra, 
cock! ought electron; gleams, lighting dante's desires! wires! fire! dark! 
siren lusitania sinks torpedoed ocean! titanic waves! andrea doria! 
galleon down! florida keys! balls again! cunt! clit! twat rub dub! mine! 
dub, poses begone! gliding neutral, fileld clay, monument grave, circu- 
lation figure, representation! iconicity, yours! delimiting wires, 
another! [stitched i] downward, listing letter paled sweepings dusks 
dawns. ii.txt fictional lousy legend. love; early, preserved imminence 
bring. pains: _transformation_ uncharted realms, end- featureless shores. 
uh, there; intravenous, will. macros automated fusions, life-support 
impoverished. late-night projections, teeter, absurd making. yesterday, 
teach- armor sooner succumb, folding inwards, tent-like, legend, legend 
leaving. ghost. safe, anywhen; prospective degeneration. legend: tortured 
artist. live. sacrifi- cing void. continue, chatterton, masters bristol 
distinguish title mad genius." die, linkage refuse, as, shoves miasma 
attribute _taking plunge jean-paul, cold- hole._ furrows ledge cold-names 
szzhszzhszzh szzhszzhszzh, grind-away, dripping endlessly replenished. 
quick- dries _coldwar absorbing tautology, absolutism, diving-board 
oblivion go._ invasion hopped thirty-hop maximum. existential; 
cyberspatial slime situated cloaca: nestled conclusion? stammers halt._ 
elsewhere: _pierre meets jean-paul end... cloaca, drinks cafe, waiter, 
absinthe perhaps, descending._ sponse essence resistance, clearly, 
existence! opens, concretizes, _rises cause._ spreads intentionality void! 
everyone. nothingness: transfused-body, rim-job... mouth: this!_ 
existentialism! essentialism diarrhetic essentialism, derrida's anterior 
coagulating cybernaut! portended, claim, spine cleaning metaphysics, 
preparation resistance maybe improve cause. casuistry warrant claws. 
season. clasp; grasp. `lineaments gratified desire' fire. loses, hire. 
line. dark? certainly: white? torah _that_ suture. _that,_ collapse. 
_internal space:_ _other_ extensions, _palmtop_ darkening _penetrates_ 
attacks; defensive/reaction mechanisms. _negation_ defend, penetrated. 
_physically_ couples reach. eyelids. invades. curls leers: ahead, 
