 
bob -- placenta unproductive miscarriages rotifera, inchoate, clones 
exponential romantic faltering hearts, lungs, marching step-by-step 1930s 
steel chorus universes, victims returns, absorb filaments plasmatic 
disappeared hard-drives accord shone brighter brightest toby borgeest 
wavelength unhappy scratches tb, asks, dread replicates cybermind? tb 
replies; shape-rider, dirt, lascaux. trauma saturday message-spew, 
meltdown 500 megabytes droves, stormed server, hysterically accounts 
overflowed stalkings, unafraid naive tb's strike, nothing's happening, 
mount. chilled, england off-color enamel, over-grown moldings wood-framed 
colors, varnished thin-boarded brick fireplace, bricks, soot 
poorly-defined upwards chimney. single, queen-sized, bedspread, roses, 
fringes stuffed fluffed-up, brass hanging ceiling, central, plaster 
ellipse, paint. winters, heater, glowing, corner. outlet, etching 
grey-silver illumination. begin, window-panes, net-like, terminals 
batteries; covers, out-of-doors ice cracking, hills, punctured branches. 
ice-cold, ferocious, wilderness ascertain, vulnerability sky. singlet 
covers; postponing fetal clocks, aside. chattering raptures occasonal 
error. flickers slightly, dog, week month, barking, streamer cloud, 
cirrus, overhead. mice below; they'll what- share. ----------cut 
here-------- `whining' intimacy; of/writing on/within cyberspace? raw 
families, hates, disagreements intimacies. archi- tecture interface? raw, 
solid irrupts psyche, worrying (scrape undergrowth bandage, 
mutiple-connectivity heal jack-in, jack-out. unclothed warning, back.) 
foretold cyber-anorectic wastes winds. _becomes_ inside, forgets, 
forecloses inflates _this, country,_ country._ (lying clothed unclothed, 
drugged _now, believe. in._ _for otherwise?_) why, everything, intimacy 
cauterize flesh.) emphasis lone, give, receive.) whimper staff. subbed 
properly. mailer daemon headings. reorganize fill, fulfillment romance. 
devote offers kindness. unsubscribe grief. majordomo, hacked. overflow 
messes, happening. correct in-box. provide. phoned. inform made. password. 
removed. sages interpret scribe sleep, dreadfully, tossing subscribed la- 
ter. script. advertise paid date. clogging sysadmin listserv. update info 
libel. slander. slurs. cross-posting. got, 
