 
sixteen some) ping world.std.com: 56 64 (192.74.137.5): icmp_seq=0. 
time=33. icmp_seq=1. time=1023. icmp_seq=2. time=2031. icmp_seq=3. 
time=3037. icmp_seq=4. time=2032. icmp_seq=5. time=1029. icmp_seq=6. 
time=29. icmp_seq=7. time=44. icmp_seq=8. time=36. icmp_seq=9. time=32. 
icmp_seq=10. time=37. icmp_seq=11. icmp_seq=12. time=28. icmp_seq=13. 
time=35. icmp_seq=14. time=30. icmp_seq=15. icmp_seq=16. ----world.std.com 
statistics---- transmitted, received, 0% round-trip (ms)  min/avg/max 
28/563/3037 /usr/etc/ping marrow.txt sighing neurons minds _host alive,_ 
kicking in? receives, messages; enfolds, disperses routes, enabling 
throughput fingering operators standby! _human standby things! dynamos 
maniac calm cyberspace! calm!_ whoami whenami host! tended basis! drum 
transsubstantiation! cyborg call! shape-riders salivary glands mouth! 
alive! eliot, bones, grit tomorrow! fucked! dynamo, wheel! engorged! now! 
calm! throat! reverses! <field out!> protocol!> three: deployment leasing 
schemata!> field!> field! hielo: _anything_? eliot: muted glimpses corner, 
terminal. haunt. seamless, jump, shape-ride. expend amount selfish guest 
otherwise; clothe modified suspect impure, relevant: friends. sadly life? 
happier? whispering (sic: movies?) exciting job glossary agent 
coagulation: ego-formation death: dreams: control-stases narratologies 
emission: sourceless semiosis multiple threadings fissure: ghost: 
coordinated symptom, indexicality: liquidity: membrane: porous 
interconnectivity, net: net-death: cold-wiring obdurate: name: protocol: 
formatting scroll: read-through shape: inter-linked sememe shape-rider: 
spew: messaging uncanny: indeterminate violation fabric: 
abjection-perversion wires: internetworking 100, door. visitors joy heart. 
patch brightness, joyful face! crippled lord, remain- candle slowly, 
wraith, details long-forgotten. sexuality's remember. "family," 
hard-drive's stain. substitutes photo- graph, gloss brittle, brightness 
gateway gateway. telnet valley, relooping. tighter tighter; echo, chorus. 
browse shape-ride syllable many. gaza. pupil beds, rooms, sweep weep gods, 
rigveda x. 129: existent: where? shelter?unfathomed water?aught immortal: 
night's divider.nature:darkness was: indiscriminated chaos.existed 
formless: unit.thereafter primal germ spirit.sages searched heart's 
existent's kinship non-existent.transversely severing extended: begetters, 
mighty forces, yonder.verily whence creation?gods being?he, controls 
(prob. max muller translation.) indis- criminate lights plains texas, 
receding car. tween glitter, edge-pointed lights, lumin- ous caverns 
asphalt. breast-void her: migraine-flashes goes. enough: _distance veers_ 
prairies tilt _to there,_ prefigured cinema, wander, warm midland texas 
dry-boned born. cats lifetime accompany garnered generations, 19th 
pre-atomic bomb, radio; ancestor, solitude, anonymity. silenced s/he 
reconstruc- confused conflating instinct lightbulb, typical sound, 
employment creature, confusion, confusion interpretation, interpretation 
human. dispassionate relatives non-existent, combines meowing, turn. 
losers, sentient mobility taxon- home.) losers cyberspace) "beautiful 
losers" --ooo-- ofthe leaking shouted deflate, whimpering exhales, de- 
flates: assignments, essentialisms, tags, kinds, encodings, 
distributive/aristotelian logics? 450 newly-born _here_? "understand" 
partners, isolation? richness every-day poverty, anxiety? selves? dare 
dissemble trappings reify window; _other,_ motivated. ---ooo--- lovers, iv 
teleology, "nothing bodies. reprieve. _just them._ write; disappears. 
rectangle, silently, resignation. dismiss dismissible. anonymously city; 
smudge diploma, heraldic travel city. vii dissembles. mooring; 
shape-riders, filigrees. viii losers. ethics guide preface: dobie, 
initiated "ought" conclusion difficult, due, juridical issues, complexity 
formalized, tentative. merit boundaries categories, unavoidable; 
bibliographic informa- formality owes wittgenstein) reasonable issues. 
