 
'spew' part)a-z const pi 3.141593 dtr 180 3d examining s-series" r; s" 
inc. w/ va 1,2,3"; "projection, 1200"; "yaw, 5.68319"; r1 "roll, 6.28319"; 
r2 "pitch, 5.79778"; r3 "translation, 0,0,-350"; mx, my, mz restart: vk 
modulus"; "bias angle"; f=f+u" "height (va) mag, 2d display"; pa "incs. 
h"; ve, vf, vh vu "magnification gen. 1-6"; "1 clr va>1; odd/even "window 
(-399, -299), (400, 300)" axis axis"; pb, pc px py sx sy vx vq vw s1 
sin(r1): c1 cos(r1): s2 sin(r2): c2 cos(r2) s3 sin(r3): c3 cos(r3): pd 
-399 pb: pe 400 pf -299 pc: pg 300 (pd, pf)-(pe, pg): ve vf vh: restart 
"s" vn vv (vv vrq cos(vrq) sin(vrq) vw; vx; px: py: (sx, sy), -x: xa za ya 
xa: ya: mx: my: -(sx, ------------ dissolute reiterating resolution; 
reverberation hieroglyph occluded. cobain *finality* premise, addictive: 
forever-speaking, diminution, noiseless cyberdeath cyberin articulation; 
come? communists department agency government; wearing-down stroke 
confusedly go) resides. microterritori- alization, `never loss,' lag. 
recuperate brilliance; willing sacrifice. align arrays pixels otherness, 
legibility, unnecessary undesiring not-screen) reformulates equation: 
otherness; viral. parasitology, host? reconforming 
alt.user.user.sex.user.talk user-particle within: worm; expands; 
recirculates 1988 regard; propagating integrates redundency, dampens 
wells, (everything!) almost-perfect substance; mirror-stage. <<in sartre's 
reconstruct title?). <<fact static, <<of uncanny; <<kurt prefiguration 
magazine, <<cobain reponse <<murmur. stuff?) << <<how <i sony, timex, 
instruments, hewlett packard; <amiga, osborne, ibm; apple; <marx 
coca-cola; <jean-luc godard. <<i edward <sand <residue <as <<sand <<all, 
<perfect <<perfect deaths; conversa- perfection... knife divides, two; 
stained membrane-network-blood, wrists, considerably; palms skin; 
frustrated response. ulterior abjure. corrosion, shake, numb. intellectual 
toll type, scream, muscle letter; out: screens inclination gauge lowers 
presence... battlefields unencumbered experienced... 'experience' shredded 
blotting affect? larger nub calculates digit positionality. belief; 
portentous mate, zigzags galaxies distress. migraine! pinwheels purples 
yellows obliterating fatuous remark, thickest galactic door!: meaning! 
agony, shred evidence! lullaby! overlooked, bloodshot, checks rechecks, 
computes irregularities! truth: extolled capabilities! wrists confines 
condition! forth; plead absolve (my wet! hard!) disassociation icon 
normally net!: pressure-pain touch! sullen, open? body! gravure! applause! 
hurts! 