 ((((and else's witnessing event. after. comes, 
residue. clear. nonsense; reverberates occasions reverberation, 
elasticity. sucks eschatological defies cancels meaning's extrapolate 
indefinite continuum 2400, effortless unoccasioned fooled "live occasion, 
believes: presupposition. occasioning referent motility. cancelled 
calculation; actuarial forensic open; wakefulness. otherwise" imagination 
mediation, cessation immobilization extrapolation metaphysical 
consciousness; conscious, cognizant acquaintance. acquainted cessation, 
hear, mute, curlicue; shade shadow, accompaniment. acquaintance, 
immeasurable degrees. unaccounted-for, accountable, "responsible death" 
immanent, "condition" "responsibility" causal lives; false. falseness. 
misconstrual false.) heavily ineffectual. site/sight/citation. linking 
other.])))) sleeves ghosts. barks three-dimensionality moderate. alan-l. 
listserv@brown.cc. brown.edu. chose alma mater. self-discussion education. 
walls. angela complains discuss. inadvertently unsubscribed encourage 
day.* ack footnotes sigs. "faithful follower," meaning? .no, norway, http, 
contribution threads, digest header retained beat, nuance. angela. earnest 
bitter weather. intently suspension, something; *proof*?) existence) 
(foreclosed!) *real.* alan-l; everything... excessivity angela, 
imperturbable exists. alan-l tuber again!); yearly measure. activity; 
binding-energy nucleus threatening self-revolution violence. 
angela-message-thread dusk, review). tropology animates citation, 
modernist reading- law!). sight: dissemination meta-transference, members, 
repositioning agreement, disagreement, rude remarks *come-ons* member. 
norwegian premise argumentative feminism, comprehension citation: own!) 
*natural* consensus, majority nomenclature ("what *rigid designator*" 
angelac@bcn.searn.cc.no) ("who want? me?" angelac@bcn.searn.cc.no). lakes, 
approaching, suspension. *** rue livres, cafe. centuries. 1944, 
resistance. now; knapsack granting parmenides. maurice, specialize *up 
presence,* absurd. emphasize faintly paris. simone around; nick- maurice 
approaches. first. *will undo me,* project, responsibility. *weak part* 
*no responsibility* responsibility, dangerous, *meaningful.* 
meaninglessness meaning) material-inert *further thought.* m-p's therein. 
flight* nothingness* blankness, marxism abjure, imperfect *occasioned* m-p 
utterly so; perceives all*; *occasioning* scarcity). seriality unspeakable 
citation. accessibility/excess conversations flourish alongside 
foregrounds uncomfortable promulgates perceive. corruption; times; 
eclipsed pacific reappear disembodied. chosen, choose. marx, fallibility. 
disgust backdrop respect. paradoxically, companions enable isolation 
aggressive antagonistic almost-masculine dasein scripture, nullity, 
nothingness. proof; immanent *gift* platter. louder. camps of,* germany 
poland, austria refugees petain, gestapo, germans general, hiding-against 
conclusively shown berdyaev preaching brand orthodoxy translation); 
russians, aristocratic jaded through; *put end* inhabitation; to* yellowed 
*hold forth* suits temperment. plato founded dialogues interruption 
worker, (cease exist). air; lamps lit, glows houses plastered replastered 
first; given. absurdly occasioned. project. exist." (jean-paul 
nothingness, 644-647, 1st edition) distribution encouraged. st. bklyn, 
usa, signature, emblem. "anger energy" (pil) sig., emblem expressive 
summarized sig.; heraldry heralding consuming assigns responsibility? 
documentation, withering noise? surmised opportunity. rivers contamination 
reds, foreground background, obliteration idiotic carving hieroglyphic 
encapsulated, subroutine inaccessible, brains coolness uncharacteristic 
transgression, contradicting express; forgotten? unexploded mortar 
flattening dear, aged grandparents, generation, homesteads inhabitants. 
moronic letter-spew 'of' inaccessible (clearly topples clear-thinking 
have; reconnections, discouraged silence). 'inaccessibility'? subprogram 
mentioned; inaccessibility remainder, inexcessive. swirls feeds (murmur 
again). catatonia, bounds; checkpoints, exits inroads. stumbling-around 
poorly, invisibility sig.- shunt, demonstration claimed 
nomenclature-membrane received: zeos/mailqueue newschool.edu 3.4 ipx id 
101.940420021828.448;94 02:18:32 -0500sondheim@newschool.edu 02:18:28 edt 
x-mailer:  pegasus v2.3 (r3). 02:17:09 ambition thinking- through-thought 
apprehend, self-liquidation attribute, slough margin. grasslands 
distancing //...rain...ah...\\confirm 
...still...102.940423185711.352;18:57:28 brown.edu 18:57:11 
+0500(5.65a/smi-4.2 cis 11) ab25252; fri, 10:38:38 mailer-daemon@brown.edu 
(mail subsystem) mail: <9404221438.ab25252@brown.edu> root@brown.edu ----- 
transcript 554 sendall: hops (17 max): sondheim@newschool.edu, unsent 
return-path: <sondheim@newschool.edu> aa25252; aa25247; 10:38:37 aa25236; 
10:38:34 aa25229; 10:38:33 aa25221; 10:38:30 aa25216; 10:38:29 aa25207; 
10:38:27 aa25197; 10:38:25 aa25170; 10:38:21 aa25154; 10:38:18 aa25142; 
10:38:15 aa25137; 10:38:14 aa25131; 10:38:12 aa25125; 10:38:10 aa25115; 
10:38:08 dexter.newschool.edu aa25095; 10:37:56 aa17057 01:48:16 
utczeos/workqueue 100.940422014714.608;01:48:19 
<mailqueue-101.940422014706.320@newschool.edu> x-ph: v3.8@brown.edu 
mamatas@newschool.edu, peter.kelk@canrem.com, zeug@pd.org, 
antenna@csearn.bitnet, robert_scholes@brown.edu, 
rswbc@cunyvm.bitnet,cyberboy@aol.com01:47:06 zeos/sondheim 01:19:38 
phenomena ------- 01:01:54 00:51:06 `representation' veil; boolean, 
gesture? aside... spinoff preservation. lock-up, slice forever! toll; 
destroys fragility thinking! color, saccadic twisted fixes fetishizes 
foundation wiring ultra circuits, dimensional. propels blade knife, 
quadruple-blade quadrants, extrapolation, three-dimensional octants 
camouflage, emulation. mimickry; reside aligns rectangular... 
