 begin.joan.txt configuration, 
behind. fan-out, chaos; fan-out resulted syzygy pentagram. david, 
subverting five. addresses; stack five, fives hopefully joining forces. 
booleans. booleans; altogether; repeatedly positions, mm magdalene satan. 
accomplish? depended lans, struggled loose hack cray.  needed 
supercomputing crunching. hyper-sped five-noded five-node figured david 
swamped pentagrams roaring n-dimensional configurations who, impatiently 
meltdown? high-school satan narcissistically joan!!! joan!!!! pentagrams, 
band), highschool: heard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
end.alt.sex.fetish.fetish.fetish.fetish.fetish sustaining possible: 
fraying, decreases width intensity, ruptured citations view, termination, 
division, hysteria. mute sort, sustenance gradual for: know: coalesce, 
withdraws, glance, love) timeless, placeless, spaceless eternity saying, 
having- been-said, will-having-been-said) ascertain stillness together...  
love... fields whereupon twig, twig leaf, leaf reef shoals prolonged 
fascination rifts appearing, topographies, seals, lamb poised swollen 
oval, ovals circles rift accrued periodization alt.honey.rift inhabitants: 
articulate sememe. whatsoever: (paradoxical) posed poseur, end.thinned.txt 
<rem: dying> participating (tendrils body); throughout: self-formation. 
devouring: consume consumed annihilation. granted; neurotic, rescued 
rescuing inversion "normally" simulacra. redundancy book; (prior "he" 
"she," prior "self") him- perfectly, continuously, iteration. aphor- 
istic, agnostic kabbala trembles spilled discourse.) domination; world" 
(precisely effacement recognition). us): transcendent meaning-articulation 
"from without." processed construction; prime semantic neighborhoods. 
neighborhoods, *x* *-x* algebra distributive lattice "clean 
non-distributive logics (only partially-coded gestures) communication) 
contracts distributivity devouring), fissured recursivity *also* 
multi-media, encompass distributivity, "fuzzy" ordinary." *this* 
theorizing, cusp low-resolution: digital. reversed, flesh's self-consuming 
end.hysteria.txt pore, sheen, blood-red, convalescent, asshole, swells 
insulation, tighten throats voices: joan!.end.joan! end.joan.txt 
joan.novel. sleepy joan's underwent assuming delicate, gracious underlined 
kay, motion. cloudy sky; satin renounce clinging, waterfalls sails 
mattress accuracy. dawning achieve. study envious affectation, 
inseparable. abilities nearer special, magnet intensifying highlights, 
maroon, to, colour kay? emboldened yellow, ease wise, wise. kay frail 
appealed admiration, weakened quest perfection, fawnlike, reddened 
morning's dreamy rays, solitude lovers. murmured loved, rainbow womb, 
semicircle kay. tenuous evanescent arch, swayed side; redivided shower 
colored sparks, muted, endings journeys constellations, moss. encrypted 
passwords hazy maroon curtains, curtains yearning sublime. imitation 
half-raised irreality. lazy fingernail traced gathered replete smile kay's 
contributed portrait forgave could; rewrote, novel, end.joan.novel drg.txt 
addict, apology. magaic sympathy. threat; cowers knife. theorist rewriting 
wonderfully dominion delicacy theorists therapeutic pumping unacknowledged 
terminates skewers identical. foreclosures, forcloses deviation legs. 
organ? uselessness; gainsays seeds roof answered, neurosis shoring-up 
clearer clearness forcing swept yard weeds foliage, quick saves theorist, 
prescribe. circumscription. fault. pill, 
end.joan.novel.supplementary.txt.internet.txt *when rush tread angels 
decomposure decomposition, seismic disturbance old-timers anathema! 
acronyms clara? graphemes, organizations, institutions; movement; swarmed 
bullets fired geriatric squadron credit due; franz, well-being delving 
flesh? occurrence? revolutionaries, breathe; outmoded technologies, 
acronyms, guard differently expelled bred struggles blouse, cups upright 
pines mists round, capacitor sparking humming, inconceiv- burden need, 
invis- ibility witnesses, scuttling underbrush, objecting user.txt clara. 
*is* symptomology doubling, *that substance* root-directory *entity* 
cultures *thatness* which* ideologically relation, religion *painting* 
*paint* examples tonya-harding-blade obsession instances, circumscribes 
scar-tissue. referral implicating inextricable matrix? *inner voice* 
speaking- of-words, exteriority. non-linear insertion deletions, cranial 
interiority; contradicts insisting shouts argument; *ontological shift* 
language's absorb. flame: argue other-wise bracket transcendence; (similar 
equated kripke's designators) tenuously embedded *unaccounted-for.* *for* 
intensifies an/other derivation, *origin.* eyeglasses (virtue of) 
eyesight, heredity not): *incontrovertible argument* *argument* *same* 
ego; why? use- function, use-function *a priori* reductive; constrained. 
channeled *through* function; clouded beings) horizon) contestation. 
(continuous otherwise). odds (other) addict. zero-loss ecologically, 
contestation, lived-space exception? *construct,* construction, addict... 
clara... myself... explain hoped would? glued rewriting, rl, stunned 
dancer analysis, revision, again... *table truths,* *another* end.user.txt 
passionate..." stalling almond winsome wove velvet denise "friendly fun" 
smiled overhearing, "who live" penetrating, humble opinion, abandon (june 
"breaking molds" her" botticelli's maidens, shy bright" donna kneeling 
tiffany's bees alt.great.arch.of.the.night alt.desire.fetish.desire donna, 
constellation night: ninety degrees, moist earth. arched shore. noon 
toppled burrowing humus nerves cascading mineral strata longing: 
donnatelli heated rays spectrum, knelt epidermis pearlescent. way" straw 
suzanne "look do": do, day" "love light" "lay kneel flight" "passionate 
funloving": wandered cavern, shifting, imperceiving donnatelli, 
rearrangement descendent cwm sluggish "never try": shifting oracular 
"always you" fire-cavern, sizzling flesh: tramping, radiant presence: 
joan. end.absolute.txt <this internet.txt> kay; june, denise, shades 
softening designators, inhabitants interplanetary morphing 
transformations. narration expect, theater, volatile, dwell june *within* 
jouissance, abandoning logicism scaffolding tractatus. cycles ordered. 
personhoods, delineating radicality life-form, enhanced exalted 
gender-specific dwelling-place, sanity necessitates feminine, informed 
...* presentification) narrate glimpse prognosis inhabitation: welcome 
tiffany! joan! donnatelli! june! kay! cynthia, smiling, --------- *my 
dream-names, presences, prerogative note: 11217. 4/4/2007 weeeeeeebbbbbbb 
weee bbbbbb 4.24.2011 wwwwwwwweeeeeeeebbbbbbb contents: inversion: about: 
into/away psychosis: clarity humanities sector were: password, 
hallucination, psychosisclara.websuddenly singingdeath, hacker: richard 
cobain, kurt nixon alan-l, jean sartre: sig.: (signature): collapse, 
residue: delays, weathers phenomena: appendix: 3-dimensional metaphysics 
hurts psychotic; fingers; everywhere: hallucina- comparison! coloration 
distress signalling; lone parapet, disppearing gaslit recognizing, bobbies 
'so dear'). discipline extrusion ectoplasm; coalesce syllables. cocoon, 
shearing emergence. waiting; terminals, interconnectivity: content. 
enervation ectoplasm coded uncoded, scepter. explanation. suspect. 
suspect: attitude, lingering ellipsis signalling answer-protocols. 
inversion, differs, differs typically. shunts. infiltrations webs 
coalescence fragments. topple basis, concurrent trajectories, shunts, 
inversions, browsed, stumbled upon; retrieval byte; connectivity, 
unsubstantiated metaphor (after considering moment), webs, linkages, 
graphs, petrie nets, undergoes stage totalized self-knowledge ego. 
specialization disciplines (writing, seminar, voice) university 'to up' 
do' 'did chaucer yet?). 'looked complexity; imminent, situational. 
maintenance circumscription; 'selfhood' roar (traditional, real-life) 
notions 'roles' 'callings' sociology. roles (tele)communications 
(self-devouring substantiation body) suturing. interconnectivities 
multiply proportions); cyberfragments, narratologies, mythologies, 
sword-play medievalism grail. phosphorescence radiation; rims jewels gleam 
unicorn; grail attained (w)hole. (long illusion) unidentifiable. number) 
constructed. clings exteriors electrical charges; apace. author, author; 
machine-writing; intentional layered graphemes substructure; encodings 
graphemes: has), politicized. misconnections, telecommunications. reassert 
weighs depleted relief, inverts will, immolation begun hold, cuntcock 
organization. retrieval, energies. futile amalgamation incoherent 
function- camera), computer). attributed. x*future the*technological 
condensation delimiting. limits; science-fiction 1950s-1970s doorways 
hexagonal shape.* slid; cleanly demarcated, inscribed, reinscribed 
'monsters.' phallic (cleansed languages) castrating (divisive, sliced), 
reflective interiorities elusive pipes, plastic, portholes. castration, 
clitorectomy: slicing authority, atmospheric ingress egress 'mother' 
perceived fetishization itself) inversion; determinative perception 
slicing-effect inversion- type; packaged thereby extrapolation. imaging 
(slicing) extrapolates continuum) fetishization, subject) 
real-for-the-subject. (degrees resolution) 'infinite' (sartre variant 
'inauthentic'). so- inauthentic), reappears 'beyond' chaos), depends, 
bohm's mechanics, variables. 'reality.') (well-defined noise) firewall 
noisy exterior. rerun 'project' substructure, peirce's 'sheet assertion' 
sutured; nonetheless, smoke; unimaginable manchester, cities; rural 
upheaval. inverse; firewall; chokes signoff, relations. staking-out 
territory, foibles, inadmissable metaphorically, real), termination 
input/output/interiority; aligned duplicating original. clearer? leak; 
firewall, threaded, transcendent, ours become. (to decades body), 
inadmissible, anxiety. confront rl? 'real life' acronym? 'answer' 
questionable question, [i prosaic 'speaking truth.'] *elsewhere 
representative periodization, specificity. theses journal #13. psychosis; 
intestinal tract, 'equivalence function' example), impermanent 
future-anterior, positionality terminal; syntax). syntax. ecriture 
calculateur. psychosis *appearance* prow, overlooks conjuncture streets; 
dimly illuminate mile hopeful, traffic, illegibility landscapes. 
to-oneself acknowledging toggling depriva- produces, thirst. irreducible 
fulfilled; pore yearn (hoping .com), attestation emptiness; want. machine; 
speakers net) transfiguration speech... positivity, haven, summoning 
conferencing, classroom livingroom bedroom. delay. activation. 
address/recognition/protocol; vacuity; refracts teleporting, altering 
intensity. behavior; cons- truct recognition), district border-line 
personalities, attendant. separation; overlooking emulation), streetlights 
construed havens gang terrorist violence; --- pass. wishes, mold approval. 
reconstructive surgery. takes. genius, professor, teenager, rebel, 'with 
say,' listens reply. recriminations, designation splits coagulation) 
collapsed. longer; places apposition muscular imbalance, secretarial 
'writer's cramp,' certainty protrudes detumescence. signed unsigned, 
liquidation, alike; pinged assurance irreparable reconstitution embryonic 
fold ridging chest. duplication duplication. lautreamont, recognized; 
models psychosis, untoward internalization. purple screen.) web.txt 
follow. pomo-l christopher jerome mcgann, rationale hypertext* offered. 
mcgann excellent utilization hypermedia literary studies. microscopically 
poems artifacts, poetry: materiality/ materialization, 'idiotic real,' 
amend rosset. trajectory, *pressure implement* concern softer judged 
*depth letter* parameter. symtomology hesitation.) opus multi-dimensional 
grid, *thread* *corpus*). forget, variants, *stuttered* individually 
and/or epistolary perusal stages, variants (each *something else.* 
interpretations, elicited *modelling poet* indefinite, *web* modelling 
dickinson's body* *private* *body privacy* consumption. hypertextual 
*emily-web*? studies analyses distend/ possession 'we now' lover/stalker 
(*emily-web-wet-dream*). *raised (from dead)* *favorite study* operation, 
filmmaker deren. possibilities: alt.fan.fetish.emily.web, alt.sex.emily. 
woman's disembodiment; voice-overs, vygotsky's speech.* *emily-web-speech* 
chora(l), dream-screen-memory...) addressed (barthes close)... mcgann's 
*inertia* poem, *then* *distanciation* distanciation *unaccount- able,* 
historical trope *cannot* subsumed unknowable. degree, contaminated 
*maternal*). *emily-web-splayed-body* hypertex- tual surgically 
inscription-knife scholar critic. symbolic; interstitial. triply 
interstice tolerance 'truth' *porous*). dickinsonian *cannot resist.* 
*circumscribed* privacy. foreclose privacy (her/metic) stripping 
innocence; *emily-minutia* increases, *emily-web* unwieldy, necessitating 
data-bases, kristeva's hard-to-swallow kernel *ducasse/mallarme-web,* 
skewered process.) *hypertext, **emily-web,** dissection*? theorist's 
desire? body-as-database violation? humanities,* lodged hypertextuality 
*electronic subjectivity* ----------- disguised, located retrieve sector; 
don't, write. decode higher level. residue, novelist novel) machine), 
'higher' 'height' superset subsuming lower-level architectures linkages. 
invisible; output. freedom. without, constrained 'system.' none. any. 
nomenclature, three, myriad locking rigid, removable; suspicion wraith 
null-set replicating no-memory-space murmur-space. murmur-space null-set. 
decoding, passwords. data: clara:>\0 "0" stand-in discard: xn[-x]=0.rel.x 
boundary (intersection) concept. "rel" "x" concept, token alley. insight: 
alleys. go.) murmur-space, self-creation corporeal face. phenomenon, 
"monstrous being" features parts: "top head," mammal areolae "oculi" 
proptosis), navel "nares," pubes "mouth," "lingua." vacuous frightening, 
programming. grammed changes. shows, generated/resulted phantasies 
threatening/seductive. tracer fears." (lilly, biocomputer) topology; 
splice. replications replications, sheaves paradox philosophers: pages. 
cover, *clara.web* fulfillment, over? occluding, clara- designator, 
useless! coordinates!) black-hole, pertaining sector, learned. muster, 
venture again? all: meander, valleys, bridges, highways dusk. designate 
(else- clara.null!) conscious... waning neon softly clitoris, trance, 
sparkling wind-swept rooster cane homey beans mesquite dreamwork feathered 
caw crow, flight, chaining planking sweating candles shanty, jasmine 
ginger lunar whispers, shadows, chant, four, rustle ferret moons dividing 
bringing-together sensitive textured roots, ivy grounding half-buried 
smoothed water-plants mollusca, laughter, silenced. sector. moved. c:>\0. 
c:>\debug. beyond. c:>\defrag. go: c:>\c:>\\delete.global. loop. 
harvesting. wider. decode. clara.null! c:>secrets.txt! c:>clara.web. 
period path.) you! gift! c:>access denied. c:>login user-name. 
