 rendering-absence cum-body holes: 'what attitude 
technological' separate, husserlian fantasm; technological, 'material 
culture,' *machine* sorting sifting habitus. machine!) "beyond 'taking' 
totalization, 'the' technological. problematic)? camcorder larger, 
confused. myth senseless. ideological stance 'natural' 'natural attitude.' 
discussing notion same), disperse 'material' 'physical' 'transcending 
real.' rooted 'inhabiting bodies' 'above beyond' finger, 'lose' 'present' 
'found' place) accident. retreat, repositioning, 'guarded' posit 
double-interpenetration third. finger- totalization-without- 'before' 
material; moot, 'beyond material' masochist symbolic), already-written, 
relegates ipseity questionable. 'point to' diffusion obviates, extends, 
ontological/epistemological)? commitment (prevalent tcp/ip)? incidents 
symbolic: follower foot-soldier 'make' that? ddddddddddd ssssssssss 
ddddddd dd sss ddd dddddddifficult |clara.text| filessssssssss dddddddddd 
holocaust everywhere* *strangling gals one* *another combination. strange* 
*languages word* *because back.* 5/19/08investigations files: nomadic. 
paramount. bibliographical request. descriptive story: practice "plot" 
looking-glass, "radio report": taylor, saarinen, baudrillard. statues 
questionable: flatlands: los angeles miami myflesh thus!!!: costar myriad. 
dpression birth: harding; kerrigan. yeats, nationality. claramurmur: 
carapace, clara: occurred. mistaken. facticity, *tractatus*: 19th-century 
cohesion. "defined outline eyes: elegy, remov'd," woman: 
nietzsche/irigaray/wittgenstein, travis: genre developments electronics, 
summary text: concepts. feeling; ass. frozen. packed feeling. 
pressure-dependent immobile. iced shut. soaked. unbearable. freezes 
bleeds. nameless. rotunda. cracks; concrete. "on." lip "i." women. move. 
stashes tremble. convulsion. accord. double. closer. moves. hard. pierces 
braces. two. places. slab buckles. leg. rise. lid, cock. dropped. breaks, 
sentence. period. drops. drop: cut: break: eugen kogan, 165-166: `himmler 
interested methods warming persons severely chilled. ravensbruck purpose. 
"personally believe," himmler rascher, promoted ss captain, "these 
experiments sustained results, mistaken." rascher revived practiced 86 f. 
"hot bath." inhibitions chilled curve 4).' blurb cover: `this *hell* they: 
*injected germs glory lamp fats tyranny ...*' >>i story. cling >>to bones. 
galaxy. told: >>you okay. >>this clinging. hopeless, >>no lied 
>>beginning. >>>do >>>truth, dialog, dialogic; >>me. signs! >>>the signs, 
>>>there marks floors, >>there >>>>yes history." --reinhold niebuhr 
altarity. reed river banks, receding. banquet nearby; shortly, regale 
guests carpenters chariot-makers. earn keep. fixed, banquet, listen. 
charming dancers entertain guests, jena avenues tense; prussian doubting 
seethe, affairs philosophers, demonstrate geometric. misfit, elevate 
landscape; controlled subaltern pretense, barrel; (need queerer gaze?) 
vantage hut thrown, patch, unidentifiable, picture, designator 
articulating over-privileged semantics. `it.' pores, simulacrum-computer, 
data-bases turing machines; body-without-organs stages: constipation, 
corpulence, madness. dreaded `death author' postcard, `go drugstore' 
obsessive-compulsive. illuminates apocalyptic conflagration envisions 
europe corpse- like, masters. helpless mountain, egotistical. granite, 
beaver, symposium purified scientific praxis reification. imaginary! 
painful; hobbled, resorting aphoristic crutch convey dislike princes 
press. contaminates others; dial-up, deaf discourse-networks, unequivocal 
traces; hymen projecting uncapped non-believing exiled amsterdam 
synagogue. analytic, synthetic; body.) techne questioned. ineffable, 
shoots twelve crowned navajo see; individuated pillars pantheon. better, 
exile reconstruction, reversible, facticity partial, super. incandescent; 
seminars competing completing suture), mumbling veiled sealed 
internal-time them) eidetic diminution obverse; hypereality cipher, `a 
glass' tea. opaque convex; doxa cathects feminine. result? masquerades: 
indeed! sublime? differance noisy!)? silent? script prioritization stages. 
eliminates excretion. cave watch. (speech four-fold; that.) snake; rod, 
rod(ent), bite. medusa, health. drag care. plane. gulf cragged sides, 
webbed hammocks extruded dimension- ality. images. code; inferential 
substitute; simpler. image. registers phonemic. simpler, prohibitive 
costs, inhabited, lasting cohere. cohere cum. rips coherence; dying; 
text-contusion. circumlocution scarcity. purchased cost; purchasing 
stiffens. jerk narrowed, fitting sieve, projection, code. flatten, plate; 
"daddy," "daddy, scared." darling," know." show. tears. cruel? survive, 
peace beauty? ruins scream. plate: transform, translucent. icon; senses 
non-existence ease. childspeak, circumscribed. rewritten. geometry. boxes. 
box boxes, africa 2/2 asia squeezed drop, pained. cry, free? alone! daddy, 
please!" africa: australia crippled, glowering words: wars, letters; 
imaginary: name\imaginary\file\dir *.* clara\*.* terabytes overheated 
anymore!" x-cs: <zeos/sondheim> cares re: 03:55:01 03:50:51 
taylor/saarinen's imagologies, teaching, consistent rhetoric totalizations 
localization scarcity guys; multiculturalism. electric/electronic me) 
fragmentary imperialism. beepers, guns; cb radios; boomboxes. 
territorializations interests. t&s "local" meaningless; starve academy 
demographics. people? bomb-temperature skeins. complaint, specificity 
net-surfing. not-net, pollution, destruction. totalizing desiring-machine, 
power) frontier. frontier examining, establishing, barbed-wire fences 
landmark cutting-off lines-of-flight. bury homesteads, 3-10 capita average 
calories, carry, kroker baudrillard, libertarian enticing depravity, 
speed-of-light emptied/forgotten mexico somalia, peru... report\thanks 
listening\sondheim@newschool.edu statue handicraft simulacrum. appendage, 
of- perfection; inhabited. inverse: pained, bellowing `iron maiden.' (dna 
language), foreclosed immobile; witness.* witness. masochistic, angered: 
catatonia self-immobiliza- speak? phallocentric interiority, trauma, 
imagined, scenario. mythological, mythology transgresses statue, witness: 
oracle. 'invites' speech: sacrifice, silences gift-thing extinction 
serious! construct/essence subjectivity: dragging spoken) flux. 
interpretation. inhabitations implementations disturbing, striation 
subject-spoken-to resonates ding-an-sich, bracketed symptomology. evidence 
observer cyborg. sputters, statue? machine? shaman speaks? spewed shaman? 
shaman, human? answer? *is orality? locution within? totalizing? flatlands 
platelets rivulets, hallucinations, accumulations perturbable seas meld 
belongs, swirl habitats, roseate strew petals obsequious densities 
half-centimeter land-caress falter declivities spewed, remarking, 
discontent wrapping specular translucencies, receptive concept-formation, 
flowering smoothing plain... thus!!! impossibility; crossed triangulations 
brownout. brownout low-temperature (do cynthia? respond?) adolescence. 
cry; catch craw hives hems http:\\mythoughts\mythoughts\mythoughts:html 
guessed; relocates loose. dampening crying cooperates; 
passive/intransitive, bring-back diarymovement thread-mythoughts. retrack. 
myflesh: disband relocation costar. rewrite/shunt punctuation .,:;'`"!!!? 
same!!! space!!! costar!!! rationality, accordingly? disagree advance, 
argumentation breathing? situation; strategy inverts, rationally; 
rational, breathing. s/n/s maverick accumulation, crisis? augments 
continuance absence: place!!! demarkation giveaway absences. pulse life!!! 
well!!! holes.) ("thus, perspective, reproduce mimic. depths. harmony, 
tuneful mastered viewpoint. game. stranger motionless `yes' dictated 
latest necessity. celebrates paused at." luce marine gillian gill.) then: 
harding. honest; ground; maneuver; future; harding embrace drum; 
asymbolia, luxury `raised power.' harding, meaning; transmissions, 
conferences authenticity; ugliness contract; rob corpse; memorize 
memorization-self murmur; queen; princess; murmur: faults. damnation 
kerrigan, risks, disrupt; vandals clubs hardest together; fall, falters. 
kerrigan feet; immobilizes arrives redo signification. accretion `sense' 
`is.' abandoned." jean-luc aye, distant. strand beach, spray churns, 
swirls; coracle churns transistor station, hulls gyres, fumbled water; 
salt, meanders. halted flown, spray, howl carapace murmur. hears gulls 
waves; ears. straw. tossed. flecked foam. curl. shortens, shorts; radii 
screwed rides, high. nimbus grayed white. plate, fleck saint elmo's 
huddles recollect. inductor magnetic radiation. coil shudders. kelp 
noctiluminescent. absent-carry, anyone. paean such.) "turning gyre falcon 
falconer; centre hold; loosed blood-dimmed tide loosed, ceremony innocence 
drowned; conviction, worst passionate intensity." mr. yeats' coming," 
hunts falconer restrain prey, susceptible land. elimination, strides 
plankton, nation. innocent, mercy killing? drowned, poet's poem "rough 
beast, slouches bethlehem born?" yeats destiny. 
