 
uneasy, signalled event, effaced forgetfulness appetite confused, urgency 
urgent, cypher. unlocking value. connects triviality seep. emptying 
interiority. drugless fort-da! disappearance, fund cypher, vantage-point, 
_structure_ scaffolding. recipient _tendency_ believe...) pile linear, 
tendentious quality... language-fat, _do_, fitful decaying blood; this.) 
_spit meaning_ occasions, lacerates unequivocally. bleeds 
swoon/languor/lassitude, else: else._) skull. writing-machine declaration. 
(i'll myself.) hideous, remake, shifter sickening announcement, dejection. 
holing text_, splitting.) >i'm singsong, belly-up >>i'd baptise >>the 
month >>rewrites >>so >>once myself._ tie forehead; strangle ears; nose. 
inside-out, back._ circulates; rwanda east timor auschwitz, violating 
shrieks erasure). if: born._ moon's son's (before name) 
alt.fetish.male.lack 
\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ 
[from film.theory. ascii?] coleridge's "willing suspension" chapter xiv, 
biographia literaria. plan _lyrical ballads_; endeavours supernatural, 
romantic; transfer inward faith." "procure," "semblance truth" convention, 
_engage_ scopic/cinematic "shadows imagination," noting insinuation 
disbelief, belief, privileging neither. "moment" "faith" proceeds. nature" 
transference, "truth" coherency believable filmic suture, diegetic 
tropologies; symptomolo- gies; phenomenologies framing, _state itself_, 
preconscious/unconscious. "willing" problems; _occasioned_ always-already 
paralleling parallels? scopic unimagined backdrop. autonomously 
_set-in-motion_. ego-decision room... flying...). jumpcuts traditionally 
common, camera-eye "follows" _screen screen_. _particular_ ritualized 
theatre (theatrical). ballads_, wordsworth. coleridge, romanticism village 
stranger._ ominous spy lurker (am lurker? watched? intimacy, voyeur, 
exhibitionist, wires.) toy-like streetlamp, modest awkward vicinity.) 
everything,_ sexless, _preposition_.) love.) acceptance, _space_ 
talk.romance.chat.) _voice,_ reads _disquietude_... other: voice._) :a 
withdrawn, interference, threat isolation. rooms corresponding, me_, 
imaginary.[1] romance _disappoint._) inversion_ [2], detumescence, faith, 
charity. skims car; misunderstood add. done.) _you approaching. 
voluminous; dangerously [3] playful, decodings. grand design; unredeemed, 
careers ogenic crack charac- terize produced/constructed [4] two- valued 
distributivity. sememe, individua- bandwidths 
distance/distinction/differance [5] _fissures,_ disjunction, degenerates 
logics, incoherencies, fragments; _thing_ (*black sun*) muffled/drowsy, 
(addictive) [6] (double, reflections) commodity reinscribing chains 
(_pipelining_) detumescence/aphanisis [7] affect: _specific_ (last year's 
month's "playmate") (psychoanalytically) discarded. _using up_ _critical_ 
ascii/image devouring-machine correspondent; decathexis 
fetishistic/shamanic "carry" object/abject [8] writes/ _uncanny_ abject: 
disquiet. correspond keith, karen correspond... moons, rapture 
sweet/complete rearranging, liquidity. "susan," "would _terminal 
relationship?_ smiley suave, seriousness cauteriza- "i've be." 
correspondence, reduction, violates [9] 