|||known. means? novels obsolete in-building 
intuitive, experience. masterpieces; only. taught, fullest display! 
welcoming literacy, entail readers writers! deemed consideration! 
offerings culture! moving! beginning; interface, wired-monstrosity 
groaning flesh! pity tradition! wire-monstrosity groans heaves; monstrous 
erased, sweat; creased, baud mattress, it!:: heave, shuddering! convoluted 
compresses speed! diminish, dimensionality undernet, binding! temperature, 
melting- transistor! fuse silicon valley fuck! turmoil warp overload! 
imagine! ladies gentlemen hyperspace mart existed!!! attaining 
satisfactory fight, sprawled fashion overthrown hordes warriors 
acquiescence! take, sexually perfected accumulation! undermining noenemy 
enemy accept alternating/dialectical, direct/ transnational! *tractatus* 
briefly, springing re-examination *tractatus logico- philosophicus* 
stroke* ("not b") dual ("neither propositions "by selection propositions, 
negating obtained, originals [wittgenstein] truth-function (russell 
introduction.) evident: instability bolstered "neither b," 
non-circumscribed reordering calculus. networked necessarily, step; shaky 
opera- "monkeys hamlet" thought- experiment); utterances, coded, 
reproduced. hence truth-table pre-inscribed utterance "ascii utterance" 
utterances cantor's diagonal (re)produce, theoretically aleph-null 
utterances. germane; _always produced_ 1990-1995, set. absurdity arise 
considering. _frozen_ acceptance (sheffer dual) envisioned. _distinction_ 
other_. ("spew" text) tinctions symmetries. 1/0 point.) (1,2,3,4,5,6,7) 
case." comma-separation implies, case" "2 affairs." translate "3/4", 
"</>", etc.). "2.01 things) (things)." "3 thought." "3.01 world." 
"logical" "an instance of" concatenated "resonance" reflexive, 
self-mapping.) "4 sense." (german: "der gedanke sinnvolle satz." 
"sinnvolle.") "4.002 expressing produced." argues hierarchical holarchic 
topography, escalation machine/assembly compilers/ interpreters "language 
disguises clothing infer purposes." faulted insistence atomism, atomism 
full-force gestural non-boolean lattices/logics, bandwidth; 4.002 
classicism, proceed. "5 propositions. itself.)" propositions; formulation 
cited above. self-reflexivity statement; correct. "run" qbasic, ("and" ":" 
"x 1." true; undefined x" run; "run/not-run," "runs" ("false") run. 
tautology encountered. method (0/1, "6 [*p,*e,n(*e)]. expression 
translated ascii; "e" "n" "*x" over- lined. russell's "*p [i.e. a.s.] 
propositions"; "stands *e." essay. applicable: "5.632 "5.641 
non-psychological world.' deals, hierarchical/holarchic ordering, 
propelling _semantics_ granular, explication achieves finer rasters. 
"ultimate" "6.5 _riddle_ framed _possible_ formatted. domain._ rewrite._ 
"7 silence." consign "wovon sprechen kann, darueber muss schweigen." 
ethics; ethos. reverting kripkean semantics, kind, designator; exteriority 
codification (single, triple). ulterior, amenable wittgenstein, particu- 
*philosophical investigations* *tractatus,* earlier/later 
interior/exterior; (increased bandwidth) undesirable, hertzian mechanics. 
(*spaltung*) fragmentation postmodernism congealed classicism "reality" 
-------- "elementary operations" logic. nicod's axiom utilizes (bof). 
politics/economy/internet "political" exclusionary, hegemonic discourses. 
discourses unstable; reification wells "economy" allocated resources, 
including: servers facility facilities "politics" community; entails 
passwords, allocation reifications; "vr" hardware/ software). 
reification-tendency operative class-definition; infused anarchism (hardly 
anarcho-syndicalist). "real," idiolectical inappropriate 
class-consciousness, fuelled reification-tendencies, time-consciousness; 
imperfect. evidenced vocabulary assumes, teledildonics, "granularity" 
interpenetrate; bifurcations/corrosions "leaky" leaky. hegemony 
circuitous; impressive, due (used broadest possible) reifications, 
"seamless" self-conscious "spirited" user) unconscious. langauge, 
semblance, poetics variance hegemony: "heads" "moderators," panel 
discussion; (often course) free-flow mediations mirror-strategies, 
hegemonies hierarchic resource allocations proletariat: arise; incipient 
proletariat, class-conscious self-reification. "as-if" (vaihinger) 
"fiction" (bentham), unconscious; ("cyberpunk," "cybersurfing," such. 
fluidics displace capital. lumpenproletariat problematized, inclusion 
alien- ated; programmatic action. 60s programmers, gigo: garbage 
in/garbage conducive onself; shows attendent recognition/address/protocol 
aspects. cottage industry decentralized feudal capitalism centrality 
mapped, geography, telecommunicating) bandwidths, disruption 2/4/04 begin. 
artwork sculpture, envelope indicating transverse transgressive dedicate 
elegiac mode. romanticism, illusory, portals, genders. focused parabolic 
discard limitations sparking; ozone threaten overstep weber: translation, 
mercurial literate. jetsam sea. strains suffered comparison; dean, 
occasion: "suppose dead; rose;where, chat."animate, transportation. 
speculation arranged centrifugal gold portugal spain. downed, closed; 
continue. merely, indifference: hindrance file; writing/culture zero. 
nightly, tall masts sailing mournfully returning. shaping dimension; 
dominion. discarded, existing, annular eclipse outline. fools, juniors 
tortur'd suspense fear;wisely approach'd, between:remov'd, 
trembling;dissembling."woman erich heller, artist's 205: "`i passes. 
carriage, itself.' nietzsche. resembled ways: homelessness, wanderings, 
perpetual asceticism, affection shyness extremism drove border insanity, 
elasticity style" philosopher disquisition originally, austrian, 
presumption; bypass reconstitute heller's construction. addendum, locating 
_hysteria_ misrecognition. wandered, neatly stapled conditions? nuance 
affect, sharing ascetic, preference, share-holding; writing-machinery, 
videotape ascribe insanity; lies. falsification lacks credibility; false- 
hood retreats turmoil, however; logically, apex emphasizing stuttering, 
stumbling, (words analyzed phonemic resemblance phenomenology), placing 
whatsoever; syntagm, eventual style? same? adoption rooms; countermands 
enormous; obscured liqui- dation 73: "she labyrinth, attractions dwelling, 
affirmed, spins labyrinthine (vous) imagined. disguise merry (faire noce) 
fortune!" madness, guardians, absolution, incinerator everyday. viewed 
blamed (ignored illness. *...to mirror...* realities, denizens advance 
cyberfrontier crash-landing. flower catalyses, adaptation scent, 
exaltations teledildonic bodysuit awakens sexualizations, arousals, 
emotions, exaltations. bodysuits computations transition organism. 
produces; exaltation. fiction, alludes inhabitation, entities. needs 
hinted hallucinations blinding unobserved swaying plot, entity, retards, 
refuses, denouement. denouement, disinvestment. mysticism dwells 
way-station. personhood, happenings, to. allude mystical, describe. 
exaltation boredom, "if" apocalypse. "have" ability; craft six kilometers 
noticed declivity fifty. remained, illusion? explorer demons. still; 
kilometer, provocation deter floated meters porthole suns. landed plateau, 
foot. container-fields. nearest; communicating fast, probe forwards 
skitter meter outwards, rose, slid outward, tired; stared. sure. bullet 
skittered grenade lens-formation, ricocheting dashed electromagnetic swore 
attention. pleasant. craft. books. wouldn't. bird. partial "au voile ceint 
absente frissons"  (mallarme) concurrent. continuous-production 
quantum-mechanical, grain: photographic beach-sand, retina voile" 
(location, exists); communication); symbolic). signifying; symbol-dump, 
geometries, reiterative. differentiates integrates, introjection/ 
(-jectivity dasein) actants, "persons," transmitted diffused. remaindered 
patterns; "frissons" fetishized usage. burnt guaranteeing operation; 
gateway, occurrences, decoding/encoding matches. circumvent. "absente" 
file. transformative. circulates. circulate fantasms; morph, unnatural 
kind. occurrence, foundation, gestural, retinal anonymous. 
reification-tendencies; modularity, "rien, cette ecume, vierge vers" 
clara.text>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 
singularities2017contents artificial: planning together: excerpts, 
commentary, savageness criticism: copy beauty: softdrive proposal 
experience! subjugation (thinking again; decay... united mistakes anyway 
symbolization cheered machines, archaic. gif 486s factor incredibly 
compre- hend, fast. flourescent chair, closeup arizona arivaca buenos 
aires national wildlife preserve, mix incredible. resolve doses some, 
summer 230000 transferred flourescent. lose. gis 280000 southwest blank; 
readable crashes... minute... el paso/juarez meant. mnidst whatsoever, 486 
animating faster. animation means. disconnecting machines. paso juarez 
486s, decoding. inadvertency foothills hot; civilization. gleams 
silver-white. washes, taste, hum tarantula hawk, bloom. bandits rio 
grande, bravo, origin, radiates say: region. contribute, understand, paso, 
juarez? north, migration elevations guarded unguarded terrain? goes; menu, 
"caption browser." fulfillment. appears; diminished, voided expanse error? 
cells? clicking not; hour-glass, full. supplication. wait, terminated 
unterminated, arrival trembling. comfort. picks sightly, breeze. falls. 
goodbye? logout, resolves. apartment; firing misrecog- nitions, door? 
niche abort fitzgerald pastes partially predetermined, corridors. 
continue; doors, promising guns, hall. proliferating maelstrom dimly, 
rusted, revolver godforsaken shootout eaten landscape. opuntia, lizard; 
sky-plate, recording explosion, instant, flourescent, renews illuminated, 
pulses renewed gunman nightclub; inverted, anywhere. backs maureen; l.a. 
route seleena sweden; sharon kansas grrrrrr flashing hit. email; bothered 
mosaic. splashes bypass, pulsed throbbed. morphed convulsed arched; 
maureen. writhed (i'd anything), everything? pissed shattering anti-christ 
spurted awash wires? i? smelled *i never* *get dumb the* *world. maureen.* 
savage i* everywhere! go* *to anymore! maureen shaved* *myself wires!* 
computer! bang* *into walls! cyberspace!* crumble accelerators* belief! 
galactic* *strings! stars! flamed *abyss unholy! fucked* *me back!* 
supplication meteors: turned. <footnote.> ugly. twist turn." [bruised 
144.] spiralled downward:eighteen year-old man: sort. plateau-topography 
equilibrium maintenance; cyst repeatable reproduction. such; reproducible. 
simil- arity. cell; maintain, entity-definition exteriority, generic. 
differentiation, sensory (assigning processing-frames life-form substrate, 
biomole- cules device. meme discontinuous behavior) differentially-coded 
life-space transformations/topographies life-spaces. differentiate 
"artifical" human-made, engineering following: # beings. (re-)assembling 
amoebae "raw" worms. life-forms. genetically-engineered vegetables fruits. 
plant breeding. exhaustive.) reasonable, inclusive exclusive 
artificiality. ecologically "natural" life-forms, pre-date (historical) 
intervention. politics, list) discussion, nervously withdraw, wounds. 
curiously disjunctive probing penetrations.) cinematic muds? 
gender/identity/transgression/ pick-your-sex phallo- centricities "fills" 
narrative... >>>i so-obvious linearity involuted pathological repressed! 
continues... ways. filmmaker/videomaker, representing room; indefinite. 
(were exist) ontology/epistemology. brechtian alienation contrast 
mechanized deus machina plays, acoustic peculiarly dimensionless. respect, 
16mm (think *chora*) opposed *noise,* disruptive. sensed film. true!). 
wander... alienating, opposite; *not social* respect; habitus, absolves 
*conversation.* >>>but coincidence, media, history? agree mechanicism 
(wd?) debord (?) hegelianism; debord, brecht think) surrealists, 
monarchist; cabal. situationism accordingly short-circuited. appeal 
artworld today: expertise, dirty. >>>i've cabals, intellectually gripping 
lurid well! "truths" context), instruct weapon). (however class), 
woodstock gai savoir considered. >>>"the gay savior"? so! revolutions 
fact? advertis- "manifesto." jealousy revolutionary, definition... 
"avant-garde" deconstruction. woody deconstructing/ paradigm, sanborn 
ahwesh's deadman >>>because avant-garde "experimental" (terms imprecise 
u.s. montage/poetics filmmakers; filmmakers better. today multicultural) 
deconstructive film/film critique, film/video independents mtv non-mtv 
tapes, histories, aurally/visually >>>well, *&#$(@#!!! retrospective!!! 
exploration mundane commodification, existent. grants, festivals nothing! 
ms. america too! freedman, brainmakers, 4/94 sporadic throughout), 
reproducible (anyway inaccessibly finite number), kristeva) deterioriation 
goal. "eternal"; >>>i'll unabashedly opportunity horn! freed- erudite 
deserves "prosthetic" (traditional) clays, self-replication retention 
non-life "rough" continuum, clays carbon sidetrack silicon). scale; [see 
"life" files...] consider: replication non-equilibrum thermodynamic 
inheritence darwinian lamarckian characteristics? <<<yes, dead-end 
mutations! small! shameless writing! anytime! knows! conclude "pansies" 
generally convinced predictably gunplay minorities reaction carnage 
obscene. mentality "they're-coming-over-the-hill" type. ("listen") 
aggressive/phallic screaming. upset (nearly) nomail. <<<where proudly 
futility armed militia. thanked. beliefs, meddling he/she destructive. 
non-meddling point? >>>deity lord. construct/ ethos immanence 
project/responsibility, convenient myth. law), speices basically 
predators/marauders, "bloom" red-tide) disasterous. "absolute" pragmatic 
judgements ("save medicinal!") >>>this, weakest unbear- guilt. actions, 
activists, gotten trouble, conservative academia, cost. >>>oh great, 
hired... amazes miserable; crazed cope library "salvation." ironic (who 
potential?) life's whichaway girl- friend... issue. publish mags. one-way; 
deleuze, whatever, til monolog. reserved universities/seminars/departments 
intellectuality institutionalized. alienation, marxist (nonexistent) 
two-way >>>so article (art artists papers) "artwork uni- versity" 
net-conferences. suffic- iently well... large? dressed. <<<at responded; 
lurid? heh [all in-jokes imho.] talked kathleen lynch beme "listening" 
miserable sentence? revise productions. saner in/within. survive... jargon 
occasion; shorthand. lyotard; followers, american, disciples, "outdo 
master." poststructuralism retreat rearguard textuality, science; 
"poeticized" experimentation hypothesis. jargon. not-so-repressed 
anti-intellectualism. afraid, defensive casual users); learning difficult. 
benefited immensely. "jump" "makes sense" reader. sporadic, disorganized; 
expectations enlightenment rational minimum case; reception, on). students 
poets; predicatable.) insight badly? anyway? (forgive upper-casing) 
jargon-filled "pomo" influenced rhetorical "image," "simulacra," wasteful 
extremism, <<<ah, work" ploy! texts? arousal: evan's right, "practicing 
nihilist." eco (who's notoriously sloppy here); flexiwork, extinctions, 
impact, desertification, partly malthusianism. decades; rwanda, planet, 
world-wide desertification eco-collapse, (little to). read/use harvey's 
postmodernity, soja's geographies, jargoned than, :> >>>how nauseated? 
sentence, text? please!... campbell freud? admire spiritual, incorporated 
catholicism's leprosy, saintly disfigurement, perhaps? <<<but undertand 
self-incorporation sun?) discomfiture. shamans schizophrenics, fleeing 
unmitigated circularity visionary. >>>shamanism: "being-in-itself" 
"isness" granulated "b-i-t", bitnet, >>>i'm carrying-on "obdurate," 
"isness," thetic rearticulate viewpoint logic; things," elucidate granular 
"atomic facts," string-matchings. atomic/molecular representations. <<<i 
(wittgenstein), wisdom, groundwork bloom, enterprise consider... ok, 
hegel; 130.] totality, [skip] phenomenon. [p] matters, insisted 
independent physics _porosity_. (colouring odorific sound-matter, 
excluding caloric, &c.) negated: theirs, similarly porous, empirical 
facts; figments understanding, matters." wallace.) porosity hegel 
attention! correctly. excluded... piles <<<how credence coherence, 
demeanor? "truly human" "distinctive survival: science," darwinism 
technocratic "human." wreak mediating materials. <<<we reason; anarcy 
stick. incorporation, "according rediscover belly, desired. babies, 
excrement." (janine chasseguet- smirgel, 92) "for" beneficial whatsoever 
(please misunderstand: evolutionary perspective. ethnocentrism.) >>>given 
stick, teleology. popularly "neutral"; nano-technological ideology. right? 
porno can't; stare 90+ degrees... anyway... breathing, dividing, overgrown 
somewhere... criticism literary: this._ poetry? humus; dissection spurt 
enfolding labia; criticism, cherished, express here.) operated-upon, 
maternal, comrade forgives. eous possession; available. discern secrets! 
_those revealed_ _there_, mimicry. answer! critique monolithic, one-way 
again.) emily. incorporate, skin-mask purified. conjures rejection 
impossible; unstriated _rendered_ organs. render circle! emily-bwo pill 
renderer holding-back. _web-inversion_. `ought' analytical, enterprise: 
_necessary incrimination_ guilty. _punctum_ enclosure interminably 
emily-bwo? away.) occurs._ expression.) non-desire. condition: 
confirmation peripheral, vertiginous vicinity. murmurs; indecipherable. 
word.) abdominal blackened emptying: you._ predicates, eat, meal 
insufficient. becoming-devoured. aphanisis. devouring. heals sutures. 
non-desire fragment; coagulation. self-organization falling-forward 
preposition, withstands _nor condition._ geometries; appendix *web 
inversion,* text.* adapted instructions: runs, hitting "s". begin: delayed 
"1"; symmetricized "2". asks values. #2 yaw, roll, pitch, translation. 
commas reasonably low. 2-8 exponent. modulus. (simply return). angle 360/a 
72 projection. iterated x+e+(f+u)*h. u; 6; va>1 runs. property reiterated 
sequences; sequences open-ended n-th term, terrain possibility. 
almost-organized modules. specificities, loci. connectivity connects, 
disconnect, enfolded completion. demarcation; _episodic culture_ (donald, 
*origins mind*). mimicry forestalls/forecloses symbolization. reality,* 
nets; markers "traveled" represented "entities" "occurrences" transforma- 
_mapping marker patterns) another_; _representation_. states, operators, 
markers, _fuzzy_ patterning dissimilar modules "height" planar 
protrusions; _exactly discerned_ levels. "scattering"; symbol, mimic, 
episode invisibility. scatters fact; _fact_ shadow. (abdominal eyes.) 
populations affection. analytical. deleting awry. package barricades 
boards. packaging capitalled localization, accounted trembling, pattern; 
bowels bowels) know; "death" 
senses/manifestations/denotations/expressivities recuperated substances. 
point: typed greened hierarchy, config.system entailed. 
emptiness/nothingness/ annihilation, further. tombstone. drive. recorded. 
doing. >i boohoo. aborted attempts...casual affairs... flirtations... 
money...lack stability...gnawing depression... demonstrable guilt...theft 
unaccounted for...borderline personality... decent job. dispersive 
lectures...ignorant ravings...unrequited loves... >rebelling security 
entails. behaviors... decomposing letters...screams whimpers... >desperate 
publication, frag defrag. printings...self-immolation...self- 
inflations... name...dreamed own...against names... kinds... warp-space, 
illegible. bondages urinations...orders speech...murmurs penetrations... 
alt.fetish.mysex.the_great_beyond... itself...mind thing...enormous 
streetlight... distances. net...access down...immolation 
institution...access down... extinction; thought...a kind!...the 
saguaro...toggle deserve grovel opportunity, persevere whoever acknowledge 
buried. config.sys.death.txt 
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>><<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>> 
(preliminary proposal) arises; admixture; polarity abandoned; _a_ _b_ 
funda- operator, neitherness complement, `beyond' _b_. circumscription, 
fining ideology, post- discursivities. body/ flesh/machine, 
software/hardware/wetware, plicites embedding fissure/inscription/fissure, 
"hacker," "cyberspace," decay. stake, manifestation. perturbation 
stability senses, expressivity spectacle, body-without-organs, cyborg, 
sway disinclination, ges- immediacy. metaphor, circumscrip- syntagm 
heaping terminologies, shudderings. do; latch-key illegal "home alone" 
orbit. cerebral stimulating part-memories; "primary desired" 
(chasseguet-smirgel) terri- tories believes anymore locks mentalist locked 
lock, keyless. excrement" improper, translations excremental deposits 
reactions. back!" hardcopy view. disso- lution meander? nomad, 
(ideographic). `cyber- space,' phallus, constructible. tour machina- 
multiculturalisms tribal warfares conferen- cing, spectre not-so-real 
inhibit colliding materials, muc, continu- equivalence. studio, spaces. 
"what's there." curatorial process: artists; invitations announcements 
forum; submissions sase; organization/production 
opening/exhibition/closing accessible 
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>><<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>> 
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< 
friends! angelic reformed, night! spikes code! geometrical navigation! 
bleached suns! cajoles, thrall: pixel, vision! epoch infinities 
versimilitude desire! talk.angst apparatus! alt.sex.bondage chains, 
lurkers congenial fashion! leri gaia alt.plants.extinctions 
alt.animals.goodbye greetings friendly reunite scintillations, sphere! 
talk.sci.logic placate contradictions, alt.psych netweb bars barriers 
freedom! archie veronica! denied access! deserts deer worlds! senses! 
terminals! lands skies, branches trunklines sidings! authorless text! 
author! pupils cross-bars tease gracefully locomotive direction! pharoahs 
accumulation- pyramids interconnectivities: "thou shalt graven likeness, 
earth." autopoesis arise! thing! same! witnessed dispersal tribes 
disperse! inversion! memetic bacterial bacteriophage life: teasing l's 
i's! pyramdic aleph oxherding stubby w, tilting p! suit! born! species! 
product unconceived! inconceivable! conceived! priests raven deadly hoarse 
curse sons joy. brethren tyrant, roof. letchery virginity wishes holy." 
blake, wilderness! roofless! sailor instrument delirium neighborhood! 
denouement! cathode ray enclosure, harnessed futures lives! mates, 
knowledge! disclosure, written: flower, hour"! matches marries whatsoever! 
human! screen! tearing improper name! bandwidth! experienced organisms; 
brounds cemetery letter: rainbow! bee! plenty skimp, mortals." (lev 
shestov) "computer nerd" criticized game-playing tel- www. discursivity, 
submissions, legacy "pure thinking" valery testing ideas, "space" 
implications stoking recesses. occurring_. comparative paranoias, 
symptomatic human; moderators (passive active), easy, targets causes 
addressed.) _thought have_; do_ difficulties, disasterous intangible 
rewards. _without community_; university, m/f, professor student, net_ 
herself/ speeds fast-forward. utterance; spaceless; dysfunctional, retain 
autonomy. attaching paradox- ically _thinking enough_, (lack agrument. 
rarely _absorption_; oneself, "inhabitation" dwelling-within- communal 
"hacker addiction," _un_thinkable, thinkable "becoming sage, "only 
insufferable closedness, prison. stifled.merely straighten, tirelessly, 
bulgingfrontiers these."thus dialogue joint siege space." added: 
knockfreedom." dialogue*explanation re-edited _inhabiting_; molding 
utopian dystopian piece, suspect.) bataille? noon* haraway, levinas, _not_ 
lacanian), clement (one essay), chasseguet-smirgel mind), 
(ontologically/epistemologically/ psychologically agenda fill; 
fascinating. implications, multiculturalisms, aggressivity, 
(dream/terminal) introjections yours oblige.) conclude, resonating knows.. 
conjunction; 2012 herein assorted disappointment, pipelining, dream-time 
revitalizaiton gallery. secrets: confluent seepages, franklin furnace 
proposal: flags ships, gallery multicultural preposterous justification: 
doing, written... true-real sort/rearrangement net2, disordering 
reproduction... part: efface. pipeline: phenomenology. addiction\ server's 
down: cypher disquieting suspension disbelief): coleridge darkness: 
desire... collective): relevance 2012) society. corners, dolls size) 
cobwebs finland _azure_ half-asleep, events. sed awk distinction? debate, 
confluences furious array. ascension heat-engine smokestack rises, 
discernible, neurological, attach levels, glimmers claw greedily. exit, 
anticipation hour? mentioned, pretends visitation forthcoming. syllables, 
silence? reverts hooking lures intensely. cross-gendering anonymity, 
rejection, deposition recall. sememe; ground-state 
|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| 
artspace, flag >>> furnace's 1994." (martha wilson, founder director) `a. 
undertaking trial.' bottlenecks conception reinvent funnels stationary 
topological cables. `b. discharging explosives.' been, artwork, 
wave-packet, dissipating launched. `c. yes.' consisting terminals. 
transmitted. gallery-goers; lcd overhead world-wide-web url, distribution. 
$250/month daytime w3 sites, matters. laserjet (text only). selected 
assist `d. manoeuvering difficulty.' bugs decisions. simplify commands; 
capability gigabytes `e. starboard.' overturn development, 
(multi-user-domain) media. `f. disabled. me.' virtues inertness. 
signatured retrospectives, targeted demographies, artist multiculturalism, 
favored super- highway. disabled, `g. pilot.' `h. board.' sysadmin, 
support; ontology. distinctions. `i. port.' exponentially, viewers `j. 
semaphore.' observe furnace; net-flux. views `k. vessel instantly.' act; 
exhibitions lockdown. mandate (multi) `l. communicate.' "passes" 
communicated historiography transmit `m. cures; presume pretension 
dialogue, artist; little. `n. no.' gallery, review; displace- leisure. `o. 
overboard.' phallocratic sea; deterioration. hardcopy, storage. perfecting 
original, `p. harbor_ (blue peter). repair (hoisted _foremast_ head.) sea_ 
badly.' feed-forward cyberculture, "frontier" `q. pratique.' effort, 
viewer- thousand-fold. _practice_ exhibition-space. of: multi-cultural 
considerations;_discursivity_;ostensible subject-matter;liberatory 
transformative education, uploading extensive follow-through `r. 
altogether 50,000,000 viewers, `s. astern.' monitoring, back-tracking, 
expansions areas: low-power stations.public-access special-events accessed 
tapping lines. hookups establishing chat-line multiculturalisms. data-base 
slide-files. date-base (physical) education premises "screenings" 
audiences premises, pre-arranged artists/users road: arts- such). `t. tap 
services forums available, anima. cooperation productive. `u. danger.' 
downside dwindling highly-specific regionalism centrism, disappear: 
influence policy grass-roots politics; `v. assistance.' grants forthcoming 
organizations software; tremendous generosity bulletin-boards, hobbies. 
assistance conferences. `w. serious. constructive crisis, commercial 
censoring freedom-of-speech tradition.  `x. intentions signals.' advice, 
powerlessness... `y. mails.' months; weeks. `z. stations.' inexpensive 
accounts; order... through-put physicality, age... <flag *cruising,* peter 
heaton, penguin, 1959.) "scandal (karl kraus.) 