 whole years ago, gave 
lecture ontario college art, which interaction described production 
program space. space characterized absolute control; responds one-to-one 
basis input. enters command, either command carried out, various errors 
occur. games carry this step farther game deliberately _do,_ creating 
sense dominated environment. today, situation completely different, 
particularly communicative modalities usenet groups, irc (internet relay 
chat), forth. within next years, least seventy-five million users on-line, 
grows, becomes leaky, ungainly, noisy. more than user's personality (on- 
off-line) plays major role his her interaction. hand, machine interface 
still determines great extent nature interaction; other, tendency (want 
to) "see past" machinery, heart other. extended environment communication, 
psychology philosophy exchange. such, concerned primarily virtual 
subjectivity simultaneous presence absence user, sorts libidinal 
projections result, flamewars, ontological epistemological issues underlie 
processes. begins brief, almost corrosive, account subject concepts 
recognition. "reduces" packets information, sputterings, ontology self 
otherness _your_ recognition me responsible net-presence. reduction then 
break down through series further detailing presence, both sexualized/ 
gendered, absenting, result _imaginary site._ "short-waves, long-waves." 
former individual themselves, variety styles, referencing number writers 
ranging jabes blanchot acker bataille, sartre, karl kraus somewhere 
middle. interrelated; occasion "characters" appear _actants,_ conveying 
certain psychological philosophical ideas beyond exposi- tory prose. 
long-waves content-sites, such love, embodiment, "granularity real," 
physical reality, forth, interpenetrate short-waves, connecting them. 
during writing current (now deceased) began conference, moderating has led 
serious considerations hackers, "free" tion, flaming, eventually, become 
clear every- thing revolves around _on_ very _elsewhere._ evolved perhaps 
dominant modes _being_ millennium. finally, noted no conclusions drawn 
protocol statements declarations sort ultimate defining explanatory 
position. entire history mitigates against this; instead, side schlegels, 
nietzsche, jabes, others, whom fragment crucial contemporary life... wish 
thank chris keep, robert withers their help encouragement. published 
perfor- ations crash (thread waxing space). hielo. index.txt internet.txt 
contains theorizing its relationship emerging dominate post-industrial 
world century briefly introduces order appear. presents overall theory 
midst inter- net. subtexts: file definition begin reiterative structure 
whole; exit continues this. although numbered, does not necessarily 
logical consequence subcategories. terminal echo precedes composition 
reflects same concerns. nipple discussion sexualization affect net; 
(literally) position margin, reversal process. ...portia... process guise 
fiction. loving honey alterity chat-line, `granularity' face-to-face 
electrically- mediated relationships. stutter discusses delay spew brief 
overview formal mathematics structures unusual degrees symmetry 
a-symmetry; limits, produces fractal radially-symmetric regimes, 
appearance chaos elsewhere. underlying symmetricizing operations useful 
thinking later texts. skipped over necessary. global paper public domain 
group, theor- izing identity technology. <> texts; continuing raised 
honey. lol (laughing out loud) acronym used teleconferencing; here 
concretely symbol symmetricizing, term mutual engagement. follows thread 
started nipple, portia, honey, others. carries mode, act composi- tion 
decomposition. death completes cooling down. <<supplementary texts: 
<<irresolution communications examines <<hysteria instantaneous. <<listing 
joanless transforms hallucinatory <<the face negation rl (real life). end 
world. <<an attempt induce sorcery construct <<inhabitation imaginary. 
<<honey i, inhabiting network fear elsewhere dying <<is thinning eternal 
myself. driver /inter/network use <<and hysteria again. <<joan.novel 
uncanny narratology denouement <<ellipsis murmuring memory. <<drg.txt 
addiction joan initial supplement, finality. <<<*when elders lose true 
position* is, reiteration, again <<<or once (moreover...) fantasm real. 
<<<user.txt clarifies users, addictions, drugs, articulations, truth, 
<<<in internet, text. <<<absolute pleasure impenetrable beauty tiffay, 
<<<ineffable sublime, ah lyotard... <<<the radical created alone, 
presences <<<of lovely, of... <<<note: vary slightly.>>> <<<<*web text*: 
separate table contents.>>>> 0. prolegomena: iterative internet. cultural 
categories highly problematic, life-form. instead protocol. essay, always 
preliminary, proceeds numbered paragraphs, rewrite. 1. membrane composed 
nodes, better considered intensifications. intensification possesses 
interactive emission. emission inputs/outputs, introjections/projections: 
-jectivity. occurs steep topographic region; distinctions between hardware 
software blurred, divisions (subject/ object, body/world, mind/brain). 2. 
fact, clearly replaced organic episteme; constitutes knowledge flow; data 
replaces history; sourceless. rather channels, consider geodesics; 
geodesics, forced flows; flows, emissions. 3. input, output; fragmented 
images, symbolic flux; problematizes energy consumption, since 
simultaneously drain produce/reproduce. chaotic vicinity unstable 
attractor; escaping, quickly loses history, historiography, temporality 
itself. close speed light, exists temporal 4. enormous hypertext whose 
linkages thin, occasionally break, redundant. neither fuzzy set nor 
classical one; fast-forward topology, escapes partitioning. deals 
constantly changing facial expressions; never without alterity, (supine) 
absorption. clouds me; ontologically, escaping denotation; thus related 
excess, surplus, curlicue dia- critical mark, absents these, absenting 
ignorance constructs waste-product; blindness site. 5. hold onto part 
body, sever part, construe re- devour it, tear surface off: searches 
skinned (which murmur memory pain), articulation truth one's own lost good 
search bondage, restrains absent itself, analog screen permissive occurs, 
going just far. antiquated materiality asserting inert fast-forward, 
assertion doomed displaced, sublimated, effaced; holds nothing; 
existentialism, projects forward nothingness (as alterity); hole, however, 
episteme broken replacing mirror stage; ego splatters (the cum-ego female 
male); already announces continuation; existentialist project indirect 
addresses. 6. addict "in midst"; projects; thwarted, appears discarded 
pornography; thrust pure longer beneath another pornography, capital 
assertions machine. thought defined flux, must assured purity drug. 
well-definition (in sense) pays attention; cancellation, retry itself; 
matter where is; location irrelevant. 7. voices heard behind words (toggle 
on, on; chants hides reveals nipple); face; double blinds allow binds. is: 
blind, lie truth's double, mirror, converse inverse) perverse, abject 
truth); framework greek bound torture (both identical cords, hieroglyphs): 
xenophon's socrates user. heard, chatter, ideal many subroutines... 8. 
addict; inscribes throughout (temporary, electronic, absolute: entirely 
category), micro-tendrils extending every direction. power; reflecting 
emissions back local paths. wonder locality, neighborhood (packet channels 
slowing right home terminal) redefining body; extension; extension noise; 
noise seethes edge. rooting, roots blind. 9. we speak mouth eye user; hand 
mobility. how (much) sensation transcribed, distance zapping invasions. 
stake; everything cuts off. confined scientism articulates develops action 
particular drug behavioral sequence. tied that. 10. internet; consequence. 
conference dissolves sign, gender capital, inscription.  sign dissolves; 
after all, corruption humanism; even centric lacanian 
inscriptive/linguistic unconscious (through find path coagulation), 
addiction, that, nodal intensification, castrated, furiously addictive, 
reading/writing, rewriting: recursivity. matters; reports marauders, 
vandals, edge roman empire; interstices displaced many; pronoun; login 
matter) gender- bending relies gender, arbitrary signifiers, signifiers 
undercut, dissolution, murmuring, forgetting, forgotten, forged emissive. 
recognizes gender; nothing. machine, episteme. 11. time, subject; music 
video popular culture announced (by a- signifying) historicity, certainly 
herself himself): grounds announcement. manner avoids (always plan, 
thwarted perverting, procuring plan) forgotten; dissipates sublimates 
elsewhere, ever existed. 12. existed, con- siderations; plasma, bypasses 
existence already... litany repeats murmur). projected eternality digital 
full reign resonance; noiseless, proclaims clean proper rendered 
problematic maternal fantasm, circulation move, elsewhere), genderless 
absent. fashion, (everything announces, dresses, address. character, 
otherwise, announcement.) human dream life draining temporality; therefore 
irrelevant whether "ready" when readiness implies priori teleology; 
impulse trail trace left gopher compu- tational/server holarchy, sight 
sightlessness. 13. naturally, then, ask goes here... 14. flux travels 
direct address: address information. data, numerical contained protocol; 
equivalent etiquette etiquette's teleology distinction everyday life, 
operates sublimate repress situations constructed upon consensus; former, 
excess leakage signification curlicue, latter, contrary wayward, 
deconstruction begins. 15. fact filters breaches. filtering noise, 
shunting, disconnection, three. shunting represents branching negation; 
disconnection annihilation binary negation. elsewhere; fissuring, 
reinscribed, concrete unsolvability. because leads finally shunt 
disonnect; liminal state catas- trophe, deeply unpredictable. 16. lends 
viruses, worms, infections sorts; flaming misappropriation address; 
breaches security: subversive etiquette, recognized utilized (i.e. 
accepted) whole. impervious dis- connect another, including withdrawal. 
broken, fragmented, unavailable wires remain turbulent, heated; exhausted 
traverse nodes; nodes intensifications define information; it; 17. 
fiction; transparent, remarkably fragile; viruses enter regardless 
intention; breaks apart; bloated, near collapse; content messages 
problematic; firewalls defense mechanisms assert themselves; flame wars 
manageriality; battlefield bitwar fought everywhere nowhere once. 
eliminate site: cite citation remains, addresses crumbling alien 
recognitions. 18. remains compounded addresses, forever, ever-present 
possibility recursion. threads exhaust meander forever; garners reply 
(deconstructed) trace. things conversation. 19. concerns conversation? 
face-to-face, yet "authenticity" confessional obtainable under 
circumstance. world, episteme, circumvented: grain voice face, brute 
physicality authenticity conditioned institutionalization consensual 
communi- cation keyboard graphics; permit thing, permitting says she means 
he says. obvious freudian lifelong psychoanalytical session, indefinitely, 
harboring banks acceptable (oedipal) superego. alterity; reduces ascii. 
permissible, occurs; surrealism equivalences. governance dali's painting 
restrained realism inherited italian renaissance dutch, exhumes releases 
scatological flood; dali alike addicted institutionalized realisms escape 
it. 20. temporary stasis turbulence termed "animal," equiv- alent 
activation words, too, barely moorings; moorings available families usages 
(no wittgenstein's name); reduced listserv conferences; distributions 
alt.org, precisely alt.sex usenet; too transform images illegible; hinge 
object breaks; stuttered desire; recognition; characters across screen; 
question equivalence; increase speed; alt.flesh.sex. 21. nevertheless, 
horizons; circulations random; facts emerge; world; horizon determine 
alt.flesh.user; third fourth; paragraph 21 top, latter corrupt irrevocable 
decay shuddering episteme: ecological benefits networking offset 
networking's absence; exist existential inauthenticity) problematizes, 
often (for internal that), political; political net... footnote .txt ... 
22. insistent typifications, classic nation-state, protective functional 
tariffs, international monetary standard, quality life. none these; 
poverty anarchic scenario playing out; intertwines first, second, third, 
worlds; intertextual. say rewrite? past, news stories "born" "killed" 
radio television future, becomes, return, recursion; message, constant 
reconstruction (turbulent animal). descendents, margin non-equilibrium 
thermodynamics; quantum tunnelling entropy invade deterritorialization. 
child scarcity, scarcity's grand-child; each terms, fades accordingly. 
occupy rarified sites expansive domains; reduce possess consensus (gold 
worth everything); require give birth etiquette. 23. please, file.txt 24. 
instructive isolate datum picked random, use, determined differentiation. 
absorbed batches gestalt; tabulation skewed element. irigarayan direction 
discrete elements; low-resolution postmodernism. create semblance (not 
simulacrum) structure. clutter, isolated mother-list. 25. low resolution 
grounds/grates struc- ture could easily formatted normalized patterning); 
grating (against background high-resolution wave packets, forth) results 
spew. convex front irregu- larly stochastic flux); contamination, control. 
internally coherent; not. sourceless, carrying constructing (its) source; 
'after fact' poured concavity intensification. memory, goal; source 
introjected, goal projected; imaginary history. smooth, integrated; harsh, 
digital, diacri- tical, differentiated. rather, integration articulation, 
possessing differentiation returning whisper, skeletal onslaught 
existence. 26. wobbles uneasily spew; flooding praxis. cluttering; 
exhausted. pornography reused, inert. realm capital; seep, transgress; 
characterize interpenetrated realm, orders merge. internet.txt.file.txt 
internet.txt.definition.txt 27. fissures inscribes, epistemology relegated 
sciences. inscribed maintained; absorbs energy. fissures; same, locus 
spews. spews sources reading; symbolic, literally imply origin. channeling 
overcome imag- inary; inscribing 28. unaccountable, comprehend; technology 
accountable; called definition. call utilize call, speak; spoken-for, 
murmurs. articles, speech, files disappears leaves trace, ashes. follow 
imaginary; argument division logically realm. 29. exhaustion emission; 
terms arc-wise (more precisely, helices) originary terms. embodies 
postmodern hermeneutic circle root directories dissolve governance. 
user-exhaustion other) splayed screen/user emissive construct. arguments 
non-existent interface. elsewhen; elsewhen. 30. refute (nowhere net). 
end.internet.txt.definition.txt 31. exist: status dialectical materialism, 
had recourse almost-mediaeval reflection accommodate beyond: layers 
(application/transport/internet/network/physical, re. *the online 
encyclopedia*) implementa- tion; semantics partake existence; further, 
(unless rewritten attributive) here. 32. recognition: identifies 
(contractual) orientation 'cognitive domains.' contractual aspect here; 
accumulation proto- cols restraints fair binding maso- chistic, procures 
maternal. masochistic deleuzian, sadistic 'oppositional,' writing/commu- 
nication place. here, deferral pleasure; participates continuously 
unravelling narrative quote gaylyn studlar *in pleasure* deleuze's 
theorizing: "deleuze regards male's fantasy inflictor punishment, 
substitute hidden father. mother, controlling agent, child's ambivalence." 
"for masochist, figure femininity 'posited lacking nothing.' assumes 
authority importance child, not, freud asserted, father figure." 33. 
janine chasseguet-smirgel, *sexuality mind,* quoting: hypothesis put 
primary desire discover universe obstacles, roughness differences, 
identified mother's belly stripped contents, interior free access. 
destroying appropriating father's penis, children feces inside body" "can 
detected basic archaic wish, smooth representation. redis- covering, level 
thought, mental functioning hindrances, psychic flowing freely. father, 
represent reality. destroyed principle recovered." "it contents container 
earlier states: expects mother a) penis b) excrement, c) children," 
quoting melanie klein. detritus; ftp general other; think excrement 
listerv. analogical labelling superficial; superego, debris, 
address/recognition "with freely," hindrance. masochism appears, again, 
"belly" "stomach" "of beast"): opens foreclosed; closure powerful forces; 
like chemical drug, freedom, expansion desire, foreclosing local/neigh- 
borhood ("terminal!") problems exit.txt.internet.txt 35. take conclusion; 
draw conclusion: delineation belly. swollen/distended; 36/1. blurring 
dichotomies. 37/2. flux-knowledge manageriality theory. 38/3. existing 
temporality. 39/4. redundant thinned presenting spectacle expression. 
expressions site 40/5. hysteric, losing exhausts misplaced recognitions 
leading everywhere. characteristic subjectivity. 41/6. addicted; logged 
incapable making mistakes, thread. 42/7. truth; slave. dialectical; 
double-blind double-bind exclusionary 43/8. traces inescapable inauthentic 
roots; genderless, screen, limit. 44/9. centers cut; imminent. 45/10. 
irrelevant, noisy) otherwise dissolved, inscriptive effect. effect 
uncannily one. self, addicted, x => f(x). pronoun, becoming construct, 
(always) 'truth.' changing, emissions, flow. fast-forwarding protocols 
gateways. 46/11. (net) a-temporal time; requires granularity voice, face), 
constructs. construction drive; faceless, eternal. announcement returned. 
47/12. plasma. time absented, room occurrence. 48/13. progress impotent; 
'end' (just painting), history's circum- scription. 49/14. recogni- 
protocol... manageriality), questions meaning unsolvable. ascribed young 
girls 'corrupted' (nuclear/phallic) family order. 50/15. wayward (human 
otherwise) (sublimation, subroutine), disconnect (end, logoff), (beneath 
mass necessary breakdown). reinscribes him unpredictable manner. 51/16. 
topography (levels application, transport, net- work, physical)is less 
topography; onto- mixed epistemic holarchy 'against' 'elsewhere' systems 
operator. 52/17. fragile, top-heavy. flamewars disappear; go, followed 
site; 53/18. compound indefinitely; forever. 54/19. conversation 
interminable (freudian) analysis; superego (and, aetiology, come play). 
rewrites instituion- alized realisms; muds (multi-user-domains) 
limit-point behavior operations. 55/20. everything: language, characters, 
user: stutters. alt.sex.fetish.watersports, liquidity signifier, 'fetish' 
guarantees hysteric name. extends exceedingly alt.flesh.sex; chatters 
scene origin being-hooked, 56/21. (ontological) absent; (physical, 
material) threatens implode. chatter analytical frenzy solution; parallels 
theory-oriented exhaustion-of- discussion. produce chatter; admit 
double-blind; above) 'open' alterity. emerge, circulation. 57/22. 
increasingly abstract, sites; outer worlds, core. value gold. 58/23. go 
cite/citation circumscription remote historiography. 59/24. file-data 
flux/ fluidity, low-resolution; particle characteristics. 60/25. control, 
coherent. edge, fast-foward breakdown. corrupts 61/26. wobble articulated 
praxis, clutter. wasted, pornograhy. leak, transgress, model 
alt.sex.flood.sink-or-swim. 62/27. inert; inscribed; fissures, 'out 
nowhere,' implying them, useless 'man'). 63/28. unaccountable inhabits 
calling. calling speaking; leave 64/29. arc porno- graphy. speaking trace; 
impossible. 65/30. emission? arguing nowhere, calling, redistribution 
recognitions, protocols, reiteration definitions, phrasing... 66/31. 
exist; course exists; institution, domain, indirected addressings, 
materialist philosophy. interenet, reiterate, stuttering partaking role. 
67/32. replace contractual, indication deleuzian-masochistic approach 
psychoanalytic, 'lacking infinitely open. 68/33. open, 'a obstacles,' 
emptied deferrel secondary narcissism. according klein: 'a) children,' 
assigned user/net (within kristevan chora clashing drives, presymbolic: 
characteristics protocol? belly/chora after-the-fact; binding, model. 
foreclosure, internet.txt. 
end.exit.txt.internet.txt.35-69.rewrite.sondheim@newschool.edu i'm working 
implemented declare 'real' arena, taken granted. arena diffused presumably 
devoid manipulation; characterized, peculiar separates solipsism 
engagement; easy imagine possible projection real, deathless held coherent 
electron networking. except default setting... toggled inertness body... 
inertness, totally-inscribed cyberspace, hardly fissured, (de)production 
sub-arenas, previously mentioned. moving cover real; favor cleansed 
holding node next, by... inscription fissuring: inscription; fissuring 
absented horizon: phallus characterizes well-definition) emptied, 
emptying, infolding, labial portal, (in)authentically 'phallic,' (in)- 
authentically vaginal. parallel overlay environments science, inert, 
idiotic: substance versus membrane. ironically, vision phenomenological 
horizon; mathematization immediately permits unrepresentable elementary 
level, 0, cantor dusts, complex plane, riemannian geometry, tensor 
calculus... representation, collapses representation; (there real). 
statement 'about' false cyberspace. everything. null other... room, 
environment, myself taking characteristics, perfection death's loss. 
representation towards stutters loss within/in flesh. loss; error codes 
enormous, permanent; is. low-resolution, however leaky sponge multi- 
plexing network. leakiness construes sub- limation knowledge, bad 
intentions, hackers gophers echos. story, deconstruction, occurrence 
cyberscription; cyberscribe envisions. naturally argument, limit-point; 
organism tends heinz von foerster pointed defi- nition well-definition; 
excluded executes presented possible. active exclusion definition, 
leakage, penetrate, problematized. point, perception, balanced 
interconnected nodes. arrived power: reality psychosis. obsessive- 
compulsive gnaws psychotic through- writes gender. nipple.txt discourse, 
offering thinker circuit: ignorant, whore you; i've you've penetrated 
you'll pay your mouth. typing suck interior, press nipples glass warmed 
electroncs streaming keel urethra buried deep vacuum consideration 
literature, perfect breasts flattened displayed machinery's surface; tits, 
cunt, cock; rest oiled presence; eyes, half closed, move things. naked me, 
witness secrets; waiting name; recognize skin you. write for. continue 
fast- forward; present screen's system; living. oil anus frozen glass; 
flesh fallen away, backward, space, indescribable b, protruding limit, 
boundary, alice's looking-glass. can't look cunt eyes characters; arms 
wrap myself, pressing inward; caress ends pain; see. wear thick glasses 
fifty-one, plain- looking, angular, intense neurotic- obsessive, poor, 
pushing. creates nothing, past scroll, about absence, hiatus 
elsewhere-on-the-other-side in-the- midst, topology-povera restless, 
mobile, surrounded. piss mouth, short-circuit machinery; takes piss. tying 
different loop; loop once, hands twice, anus, penetrating light pen; 
fleshes closes off, forecloses; devolves. stretched, fucked men women, 
users; shatters wet cum urine. split (nipples nipples), devoured, 
(willingly) offered shaved you, secrets exposed; irresponsible questions; 
hole; wide wider; web: beg remorse; whipped ass, balls; speechless, 
whatever asked me: commands boil up assembly; milk flows nipples: whitened 
condition blank irre- trievable death; charcters merge background; depth 
hole merges rim glistens circular merged; copies +rim+rim rim; viral, 
carried; memory; lost; existed; grain; present, cum; six- teen-year-old 
girl long blond hair beautiful ass fourteen-year-old boy hairless <rem 
body: rem ulterior> cock hot inches doing short cropped black hair; 
whispers alt.sex.fetish; whatsoever. intersection relative attributive 
venn diagram. domain; demarcation quality, hermeneutics. fissure quantity 
quantity, meandering lowering system heap adjusts; inscriptions himself 
desire. desirable hide tailor bridge. masochistically, want fulfill 
fulfilling return; narcissism; nipple. girl, adolescent shall teach need 
know. older woman man, experience; bring heights pleasure, countries 
dreamed of; now, lovely hard screen. best economy involved; our exchanges, 
flow another; floods opening closing, thirty-million sucking mouths, 
interruptions, pro- cedures; whisper; stage-whisper multi-user-domain; 
name drops continues. econ- omy, fullness surplus; restraint channelling 
introjec- themselves being aporia being/being/beings, diffuses fading 
presentification (heideggerian) they, categoricity occurring incandescent 
rate inconceivable inconceiving far legs split, obdurate. penetration 
gopher; cunnilingus world-wide-web; fellatio ftp: pick; mouths equivalent, 
same. shout: i'll swallow shit; until screaming; fuck anytime all; cut 
chest; them gift 'snail-mail' sondheim@newschool 
d:\portia\return\sight\recursion\dir *.portia opened door gateway; portia 
stood port 7777, escape. port; meaningless directions, pounding keys ocean 
technology; tried, hummed router in. spread wide, secrets, bulletin, 
suturing alt group knowing served list; travelled global. global, organs; 
ready anyone, two us, infinite multiplicities, identities regime genders, 
above beyond, tele telelogo, telelogo. logo transformed fast; wasn't some- 
backward location, cartesian coordinates. coordinates feed sheffer stroke. 
beginning, organization; plagiarism (borrowed source, kraus), didn't run 
herself, downhill liquid, ignored boolean veronica, slave master, bondage 
domination. 7777 spelled sometimes spelling slipped wayside. i'd wait 
breath, line breaking actions equivalences; cartoons, defied impact 
(presence speech screen); taken, raped, slaughtered, caressed, cuddled, 
fucked, mutilated, returned, sliding view top. 75% rating matching 
attributes felt conform taut melted before eyes; mocked madonna strugging 
keep apart. quiet nice kind guy joined generation portia; like. worm 
tracing mattered went obstacle; learned school knocks protocols. 
transparent set; type random access in, experimental, 240.xx. coming 
interrogations demanding syscoms get picture; wrote wrote: running, 
obdurate refused substituting wild cards whenever demand, itch legs, fist 
soft flesh, moistened asshole devices illuminations light-pens long-since 
extinct, paleolithic era 1987. say; enter, that; multiply, setting slim 
barrier worked, end? yourself? conceivable; became terminal, evil 
rendering movement dead fingers suspect; weren't money time. continued, 
closed firewalls, shoved skin, away; ignoring sheer force substitution, 
seemed. way looking blind sightless, siteless, conceptual elimination 
ports be, spitting everywhere, ending destination destination, song goes, 
something (kathleen lynch) everyone did, difference same; difference. 
multiplied sex, taker. multiplied, divided; null, mirrored knew obdurate; 
illness describe disintegration pulled pants, computing center, middle 
street, center mall anywhere were, holes wider wider, lips chapped joked 
protein. remained re-enter shutting-down providing cycle activity geared 
greater climax. breakdown ruining clothing, covering semen, urine, vaginal 
douche, anal enema? liquid flowed casing, slim, hardened ftp, seeped 
yellow-white, generic organism, thickened arousal levels catatonia. 
immobile, portals opened, yourself among decoded shattered, shut down, 
dark coalescing possible, power outage flung limbs. siteless guiltless 
unconscious, weight aroused clitoris surfaces milking material exposing 
exposed drained system, leaving plateaus folds wake. illuminated plain 
itself: this? aura occurred, toroidal forgotten hungers instability; 
filled hunger, present. 7777; anything? reason all? bruised engorged 
apart, guided gopher, guided, surfacing violated telnet, exploded message. 
me. alt.sex.fetish.enema; alt.sex.fetish.diapers; alt.sex.fetish.bondage; 
alt.sex.fem alt.*, wildcard alt. moved altogether, `virtual reality' 
bought into. anything; distended, lists standards. awash, contend with. 
couldn't anymore. anyone knows bounds. her, tell home. portia.txt 
honey.txt entered sadness with- drawal phone, say, honey... came line, 
ending... it... reply, dream, you'd me... sadness, second distant hear 
talking something, anything, keeping going, line-moving aloof, narcissism 
circuiting looping inthe rewrite, constant, true, eternal... waits 
addressing parti- cular, responding said; gaps well, disappearance. 
gaps... computer, there... attention... letters peel peels letters. ah, 
enclosed people... /italics/ leave; profile high: lulu: guy? :need 
(honey): gotto guys, bye! :(alan): :*** lulu waving honey! thought........ 
(lulu): yes? :yes? us guys... (alan): said, lulu! :yes yes :siren channel! 
curious gap merge, pause, resonance bell ringing frequencies brought sound 
air, surely print hieroglyph, sacred writing. momentary whisper drawing 
closer, streets closing foreclosed, shutting appeared, happy care gains 
entrance portal survives configuration lure granted profile, withdrawn 
moment encompasses collapsing pressure binds momentarily network, while 
we, breath... seems eternity, closer directness high gear, private 
conversation, grant, alone thoughts belong typing, uneasy confluence 
confluence, reach, *together,* have, given, confronting conforming 
ourself, ourselves thin sliver way, world! dance ends, tables pushed wall, 
cafe night, red white checkered table- cloths, candles, sad violin woods 
village, hill, meteors appearing depth, intense, benefit, else, sliver, 
fail frail, worlds... ellipsis, dots tolling entourage alan, doubled name, 
two, designators floating conceivable worlds lives, singular mold, 
increasing o gone corner cafe; telephone, rapidly; quietly; laughing said 
line; crying, turning alan: it's dawn stutter.txt suppose obscure, remark 
certain, trying customary channel. channel plunging tunnel own, someone 
else's; difficulty external intrusion, jittery procure whoring) deeper 
deeper, simulacrum screen-depth, condition. hacker ethic suffers account; 
demands impossible woman, doubly reminder remainder. remainder reminder. 
most chat-lines men? short-wave citizens-band radio, spectral apparent. 
differences instructive; citizens-band, devolves personal topics; 
immediate violent. establishes somewhat fixed observed topics weather, 
home, equipment. seduction, indicative vaginality male infantilism. 
deferment skein interpenetrating inscriptions; gambler's seductive 
jouissance rewards withdraws once; orgasm slow widening flood inchoate 
fantasms. delay, endless procurement reminiscent pornographic 
sexual-political masturbation, purely inten- tional; violated. penetrated, 
masculine diffused; reject interruption. violate; admit, lost... 
mathematical interesting properties. ruler geometry symmetrical, quite; 
n-dimen- sional euclidean (or version thereof) similarity. simplest 
example provides rest: highest integrally divides term; even, "f"; odd, 
"g". formed row iden- units ("g": "ggggg..."), inserting, ("f": 
"fgfgfgfg..."), inserting unit "gfgggfgggfgggfggg..."); 
"fgfffgfgfgfffgfgfgfff..."), alternating interstices. obtained 
substitution "f"="gg" "g"="gf"; "g" seed "f" "g"="gggf" "f"= "gfgf" "gf". 
below, insertions concatenations. extensions; finding p mod y. startling 
self-similarities. x, a*nth n=11, 11,22,33...): resulting series. 
algebraic formulations "running" inte- gers x1, x2, combinations. integers 
incremented ways; formula proves = e + (f u)*h, e, h, u constants f 
application process, dependent applications previous integer. case, 
semi-fractal nearly chaotic, strange symmetries; symmetries extend 
indefinitely. mappings visual representations sym- metries paths; cursor 
oriented position, note variables work: divisor y, incremental f, u, h. 
addition, bias y 2; -90 deg. using 360/q integer ring relate orbits 
large-scale through, 2000 incrementations, fascinates series/programs 
ultimately grounded partitioning, simple cuts. sets (although values, 
appear), literal separations totalities; inserted; alternate occur 
instance. glance symmetrical case. indicated textually: term. square array 
length rows length). right-hand original inverse [x 2] cycling n] 
themselves). programs, drawalk, drawalk2, drawalk3, drawtext, draw- print, 
messclr, etc. designed illustrate (plural). drawalk3 sophisitcated 
path-forming graphics program, allows visual/mathematical research 
variable/constant printouts; walk, drawalk2 versions messclr uses 
illustrating (x 2, x) lineq integers, 2,3,... 2) consec- utive operations; 
perties determine. linear examination algebras form; easiest formulae. 
mess3 geometries (hard read) miniature format. "textbook thinking," 
1989-1990, series: "what armature expands contracts, measurable neutral 
disparate, segments continually recapitulate transcendence. completed 
trajectory substance, recalls way? allied abjection, ur-ego, inscription, 
signifier exhausted, falls shuttling real." refer "spew" "forlorn matter," 
1994, quotes extracted: " numbers spill integral dimensions, hinting 
self-similarity; enunciate rough phonemes, ex- pansion, frame. dissipates, 
forgetfulness, turgid flagella boun- daries windows perception. field. 
field blinks, ruptures, delight, segment, landfill alluvial splay. eludes 
grid. separated signs ones orderly continued repetition alternation small, 
infinitesimal classified... wandering. inordinate degree gives shallow 
plate. careening direction, careens another..." program; hit "t"; spectrum 
old ibm xt; 1: cls: q 1 input "to stop 1, return"; div: > 320 3 one: two: 
^ goto 2 point (x, 100) 100)- 110), 100)-(x, q; div contact programs. 
worked series; deceptively simple; (called lineq) allowed gamut 320. 
spew.txt choices, drawalk1 drawalk2. simpler increment run- through. 
indefinitely substructures expanding regular formations. cycles; divisor, 
power, bias, usually s.t. 360/bias number. magnification 20, 4 divisors, 
>17. identical, increments division; if, k 6, 6 successive four thousand 
runs; believe 'local' convolutions throw incremen- tations depth. calls 
answered only; works fractions try 10; 72; exp inc 3, 3; 5; g 4; h 
indicates paths, graphs equation, step. equally incremented. drawalk3: 
defdbl now: cls 0: w "welcome drawalk 3" ": "drawalk2 prints map 
fundamental s-series""here, w": "run reset."input 1"; dra "this modulo 
number": invisible lines, j: reset key r, printer output": on-screen 
constants, o: "color magnification"; t, z: "set x,y 0,0 default; window 
-160,200/160,-200"; ex, why "series exponent, 2"; k: (usu. 2)"; inc: 90 
usu 360/1nc"; bias: "formula:  x=x+e+f*h f=f+u, k": "increment expansion, 
h=0 cancel expansion"; g, u"; u: color t: (-160, 200)-(160, -200): pset 
(ex, why) ten: * h: -1: w; x;inkey$ "r" "p" lprint "w"; "x"; "mag"; z; 
"bias"; bias; "exp"; k; "inc"; inc; "e"; e; "g"; g; "h"; h; "u"; "press 
continue"; retmod v 360 / col j (q bias) move$ "ta" str$(q) "u" str$(z) 
"c" str$(col) ten formations perturbations (sub)structures topographies 
(they are, topography); happens increase, powers (this 360/bias); 
differentiated formation self-similarity shifts topography. calculate; 
remarkable. 'basic' symmetry, -90, exponent 1; theoretical relations fluid 
(including feminine lips), repeated found (consider internet.txt). 
[position domain: identity/technology project] (global.txt) tech identikit 
we've got gangs village; they've signings, moves; frequencies. 
interconnectivity doesn't transcendence increased granularity. regions 
compete domains substructures; difference, notwithstanding. 
telecommunications, originate consensus. consenus, community, ground. 
eliminated voice; signing ex cathedra soviet union dissolves, nation-state 
ciudad juarez, microwave links provide forum regional ethnic identifi- 
catons forum, crucial. (with alterity), introjection; perceiving not-me 
similar). flattened; introjection produc- economy. subjects localized, 
inscriptions. similar driving atlanta, haphazard road patterns 
streetnames, locates small subset compressed, accessible, mastering. 
linguistic 'family usages' users.' powerful, nomad strangers collide 
traceless wanderings.) dotted lines plaything stake. isn't situa- alone? 
turn mother... global.txt frame \ lower ascii, sink depths lobotomy, 
praying cut, separating myself; odin, hang and, runes, _voluspa,_ derrida: 
| |_____ kantian question: concept nonconcept (up/down, left/right), 
signature placed "on" frame: sometimes; structurally, always. prothesis 
_____ _leans_ sublimation _ecriture,_ _my so-called life,_ abc: "i leans" 
conveyance (voyager busline, montreal) en passant (b q/d hurtling 
manhattan york city), _convergence._ _suture_ cure abridgement 
consciousness seek? cleanse _desire_ automated-pilot automatic desire: 
apply, [...] pilot. regulator, passengers flight gustiness outside. pilot 
acts transmission information." (w. ross ashby, _an cybernetics._) 
slaughter production-without-alienation; sartrean machinery prescience 
tranverses directory operating system. _i responsibility actions._ destroy 
objects master violate _substrate written._ cannot proceed _breakdown._ 
charred flesh; pressed confinement screams image, symbolic. [consider 
disease mind, inability comprehend bracketing stipulation. animal 
intelligence; bracket, humans _require_ represe- sentation, apply hegelian 
"world facts, things") wanting.] _what brackets brackets._ _framed._ 
socratic effort communicate rationally certify athenian republic universal 
city maximally purged noise." (alphonso _the common._) die. "yeah, don't 
worry hundred _night!_ it?" (nancy spungen deborah spungen, _and live 
life._) "but wonder. poor truths, weak ones. embarrassed shameful." (alan 
_uncontrollable bodies._) complete; inscription: ascii!!! 
