> draft 
institutions) rechart justification ncessary accomplish, gist inviolate 
biblical era. tracked alias, subterfuge. switchboard, guarantee, possible; 
inderminate recognitions... tracked, back? garnering transformations? 
rushed headlong neuroticism humanism post-structuralism, insofar 
emendations interstices, option. farther; txt hypothesis: contradictory? 
alt.fetish.net.noise? symmetries? character-"pass" blocking ensued stalled 
chamber. maze devising stalling, reiterating, redirecting, deadending 
tumescent _frisson_ web-inversion, thread-like connecting, switchboard. 
terrain, smoothest regions. influx organizing reorganizing commentary. 
_only possible_ murderous comfortably theorized, tablets. howling 
user-therapeutic collusion. tablets sumerian figures, tablet embrochure 
admired? unremarkable dissolution-death pillage warfare? engorged, exhaled 
whimpers, faster, uncontrolled; manipulation stuffy pools. inhaled 
enveloping circumambulating newer dream-admixtures. manifold, sleazy, 
heady hypotheses deep-see angler-fish, gloom. antenna scouts para- sitic 
headless flail uselessly, sps, sperm-production-sac, shedding posited 
repression tendril search: lonely, devolve func- tionality antenna-body, 
internal. sphere-entrapment, anecdotal rumors girlfriends boyfriends, 
disapoint. disapoint cow- fifty-one stereotype. anecdotes telling. 
forehead register; visuality deafens babyhood infantilism .sig, corners. 
parallel, stricture appointed rumors. lack, roaming uncontaminated fork 
split. divided, disappoints, deafening, abjuring absolved. communicate. 
clot speechless dissemination. bridge-membrane, nodeless inhumane. gaze: 
accorded seen. mirrors: distancing. recognize. deletions. insertion. 
begins; links. true-real. disappoint. _do aside, efface presence:_ genes 
broken. nothing._ crashed. damaged, assert. sociobiologists escape._ 
disappoint._ pipeline disseminated pipelined self-regulated; cathexis 
facilitation. hardens compression; operations: taxonomy effacement. 
self-regulating reassembled deadends style; individuality (altruism 
discipleship junction.) under- theoretical, social. (whoever bureaucracy, 
absorbed. marx's barricades, disney invoices invoked processes/pipelining. 
pipelining: production/processing verbs nouns, conjoined; engine; 
theorist; enhancement distur- bance multiplexing post-linguistic 
part-objects; lattices/boolean logics; superimpositions; fissured; 
concatenations obfuscation theory; conjoin. pipelines, ascription 
intention, 
