== 
}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}} net7.txt {{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{{ 
water-column betrays uselessness curtain oval sprawl boards, curved focus, 
landmark, millimeter surety plank feathers hold. soldiers fights. seeks 
performances lear cordelia grapple fiery sunsets. crimson next. tips 
backpains wilderness. laboring tree. cynicism perched firmament. justine; 
xmodem ymodem kermit uuencode pkunzip, recuperation insane scalp,skull; 
firmament, desiccated peruvian badlands eastern california. sluggish, 
straying gravel conveyed,snake-like, erasable, desertification; grovels 
fractured revels hears, slides punctuation, stilled blazing importance. 
stops, reverses, desert; languid bird, sludge. _thinks thought_. 
unthinking, unthought. vgs monitors, graphing geometries. "continue?" "1" 
bifurcation comprehend. derivative equations "continue? cont zim zim: sy) 
bifur w/cosine .01 .005"; (-4, 2)-(.25, -4) -4: 0)-(.25, 2)-(0, (1 cos(x)) 
(z, surgical-medical abuse: bruise cushioned insomniac; sanctions 
deliberate misrecognition; "denial," denial," _abuse_ disabuse, drawn-out 
cauterizing chattering.) _tumor_ disingenuous _striated_ sidereal visible; 
arteries bring; "which prefabricated destiny reality._ vain refuge 
'privacy'; remedy betray directly, subjective realisation objectivity. 
semi- introduced, specialised indulged worked: recalled bedrooms, 
specially self-enclosed couple. love: demanded distraction else) 
movements). worker automatism complements explosive mixture uncons- 
vigilance. used; _lateral_ supervision; 'mechanically' _under 
surveillance._" (critique 233.) _discourse_ daydream infiltrates onward 
interrupt, _instance_ part-object "total application" _spaltung_ 
subject-denying-the-subject, accounting discount _wayward_ _contrary_ 
body-in- remission, acting-upon acting. _inauthentic object_ spreads, 
separation, precluding rewiring. happen;_ hardwiring redirect source._) 
_typing,_ _sense it_ typing. elsewhere_ types, confession, observance. 
_truth_ sublimation. declarative truth-value tautological stantiation 
producing-matrix, implied. eased stitutions. dream-machine 
desiring-machine guattari be) feminin, surface.) control,_ pipelining 
admitting tell-tale sondheim@panix.com. 