 computational limits below extremely 
investigation sin(cot x), 'minor' addition. ranges +1 -1, sin(f(x)), f(x), 
limited. cot +/- infinity 0; "speed-up" frequency trigonometry, function 
periodic singularity. _plot_ equation values calculate plot (x,y). (note 
cos(x)/sin(x) cot(x) qbasic.) _complexity_ _second_ formula, k*y. ordinary 
mathematics, ky.) -1 outside bandwidth, overflows. say? _every time_ 
calculated, times subtracted formula. analog, i.e. exception points, 
_discrete_ upon, k, also: -a z x). _arbitrarily_ chosen choice graphic 
transforming another.* imposed _analog_ fails "natural mapping," seem; 
class maps suppose, infinitesimal; graph -a. _broken structure,_ choice. 
choosing _form interference_ readily apparent remembering heisenberg 
schroedinger's cat, germane ask: distortion? home: : "screen +/-x, +/-y, 
ky, k<1"; a, "hit r restart" "enter increment, .001 11: (-a, b)-(a, -b) 
0)-(a, 0): (0, b)-(0, sin(cos(x) sin(x)) y) *at chaotic. isidore ducasse. 
know jacques lacan. jacques, jacques._ rip dry desert. traditionally, 
hole. topology. speaks-for, tongues _parole._ lingam franca. larynx. 
twists throat, sketches grid burning letters, genetic codes. architecture. 
"_jacques lacan:_ academic discourse board occupies, board, upper 
left-hand _intervention:_ god, that's _jacques designated discourse. 
important relations; gets doesn't. putting place essentially _is_ master? 
wit: orders, intervenes knowledge. yourselves displacement quarter circle, 
(impromptu vincennes.) lacan: not-tightens; lassitude s(i), situationist 
mimetic stranglehold althusser, speaks mimetic; maldoror swan-song 
naturalist petit-a. burrows solar anus. night. reveal: virtue 
illumination._ de quincey's anne walks revealed mask jack ripper glowing 
dully gaslight. quincey sees cough burns murdered jewish throat. footsteps 
cobblestones caught sullen cold rain. 1666 plague us. rosie pox death), 
pocket posie (warding off scent ashes it), fall (anne disappears, 
disappearing victorian dusk). illumination, illumination _throat-object_ 
fully silent seventeenth-century london; doors rattle shut, suspicious. 
jews devil burned fire, london flames. ghetto locked; warsaw meant 
sewer-anus hell. guys fucking anti- semites. did remember volume seminars: 
"did abraham, isaac, jacob? leon bloy, _le salut par les juifs,_ there, 
israel's vocation, indulging, stretch canvas, occupation, secondhand 
dealing _la brocante._" (jeffrey mehlman, legacies anti-semitism france.) 
fuels race name? hegel's builds consumes listen xanthippe, socrates, 
xenophon/ antisthenes, plato, spoke her. architecture; teeth. teeth 
"_intervention:_ on! let lacan speak! meanwhile, saying thing. l-a-c-a-n 
us! you." jacques. made mistakes. childhood leader. _here_ wounded 
gettysburg fighting survival union. jaw shot fed tubes, speak. cry 
silently woman. anne, engaged. emigrated london, cannon fodder now. 1866 
sufficient. burn names. soon wandering mapless, disappear- ing erendira, 
walk ashes, i; built architect. _dear burning._ "whenever man stroll along 
lane plane-trees feels cleave twain head foot strain clasp strollers; 
hallucin- ation regain sway. mingles women: excessive modesty, dawned idea 
monster, prevents bestowing compassion man." (isidore ducasse, maldoror, 
lautrea- mont.) 