end aln.txt--- ideo- 
compensation labor; illiterate, foul resentment oppressors. excuse. 
compress welding bread wine isaac; _successful,_ millions. effected 
brothers; shaken roots. encounters; excessful road, saul paul. matter: 
illegible, smooth; vacant empties euphorbia, pima, ocatillo. occident, 
oval? walked, said.) encountered tourist. tourist hotel, girl. she, 
investment invested thinks. apostle jesus asking, magdalen hotel smolders, 
lecture, gospel _kehre_ gospel, turning-otherwise man; hole: hotel. migra- 
tions; herds flocks worms mandrake beneath. @@@@@@@@@@@@| !! flames! 
hard-core memory! iconographies! headlines woeful predictions tommorrow! 
phrases, shuffling paragraph! wraparound, underpass! left! defend city! 
cols, cancellations right! jamming servers! majordomo nth degree! denied! 
wais! warning! later! go! enterprise! slaughter! lacerated masks! 
apocalypse scorching flailed collapse! withdrawal! accounted, delete! 
file! mirror/vitrine *baphomet,* oresme's _tractatus configurationibus 
qualitatum motuum,_ *nicole oresme medieval qualities motions* marshall 
clagett, u. wisconsin, 1968. mid-14th klossowski. i.xxxiii i.xxxiv 
sampling: throgh foreseen ecstasy accordance theologians philosophers. 
suitable unpolished difformity disposed shine forth." inanimate spot 
infected andunable [faithfully] wiped cleaned, blemish passions faults 
foresee uncleanliness away." spotless menstruating unsightly cloudiness 
again), seriously warn noble indelibly polluted unchaste unsuitable 
studious undertakings." treatise dealing, aristotle, lacan's _blemish_ 
_hole,_ useless/exhausted. useless/exhausted _stigmata_ menstrual. 
_smoothed_ _pleasure_ fetishization; _nature,_ muddies roughens 
contaminating, divinatio (_hear his/the name_), knight-in-arms alienating 
die). breaths *baphomet* given/construct dematerialized, (intensification) 
_ecriture feminin_ disrupt proceeds, shutdown _glass,_ hardly, all... 
aroused; whispering..._ unravelled; tones; ball; _called mania `telling'; 
unperturbed, obliquely ecstasy..._ shifter, unravel, shifter: _i_. weyl: 
automorphisms: _i_, everywhere? resonates? stereoscopies? theresa watering 
thorns alone..._ variable; independents? yarn. outputs, assumptions loops. 
contexts. automorphic. _hurrying, you... future..." present..."_ nal 
coherency: _dissipative structure_ attribute.) _fissuring_ _god marvelous 
tresses, legs..._ _attribute_ michaux demonstrates predilection, tran duc 
thao! savannah-gesture, stalking rodents, mastodon pointing, indexical? 
hunter nakedness... many..._ sham. prerequisite _never_ trust, _speak_ 
hunted, anomic, (and) fictions fragility. this..._ hollywood (shc) 
diegesis spectator. phenom- enology outlining shc spectator <shc>: rule: 
movement. thirds: eyeline roughly 1/3 frames `natural' framing 
space-of-the-actor; acti- vated actor. avoidance cutoffs: waist, etc.; 
cutoffs lifeworld totalized. retains closeup. continuity: continuous; 
program. fade-in/fade-out scenes: scenes append diegesis. between-scenes 
(liminal) positioning imitating slower lifeworld. `reality' jarring 
consequences, cuts, mise-en-scene, observing rule. achievable 
stepping-back. #9. idealized closeup, background: heightening eliminating 
infantilized matrix; desire-for `one' within/without action/reaction shot, 
a/b chase cutting): totalize `naturally' separated; closure/foreclosure 
(fabricated) life-world; tonic song) closure, (re)placed context. 
film-noir half-lighting: inso- appear_ lighting. hence, _intended_; hide; 
half-light lurid, fraught danger, up-shot: strength. down-shot: 
looking-down close-up: lifeworld, viewer, replicated emotional-closeup. 
convention _deep media) customs nourishment) constant. dream: _compressed_ 
cutting. neurons, _construct_ impossibility. `making sense' 
incomprehension.) `avant-garde' godard ahwesh thornton dislocation 
spectator's internalizing himself/herself maze) `deeper' dynamics clear; 
_as ground,_ brakhage, warhol, legrice, iconic. styles shc.) heightened 
reality's (providing fictivity mind). codes/diegetics conventional 
limited... interrelated temporality, _physical_ fps. life- irreversible. 
interruptions unexpected phone-call; subject's absent) ("i'm 
bored"/"things fast"). clash; spatial _presentation_ diegetic. machinic: 
_film_, reputed _society_ _organism._ imposition accomplished supposed 
excellence, subordination sterile divergent ments, (lyotard, acinema) 
totalities spectatorial mirror; fictivity, _theatrical_ supplies _time_ 
shots, _shots signify_ oper- life-world, significance structed _internal_ 
teleological factors, undeciphered. inhabit.) shot? boredom "got it" 
train. details, positionality, shot. _inhabitation_ real-time. warhol; 
notte; oppitz' country.) late-train, museo- real-time goal-shot, long-shot 
soccer micro-actions _towards_ goal, train.) _signifying variation 
critically notte, antonioni's conventions. significa- overt/legible 
"moving forward," intended, _means_ saxophone player subway train; `read' 
unbearably poignant...) cadre-l "they erect skolem-normal them." marx) 
cadre-l, hetero-, cross- yearnings tiffany; shock- troops, rallied 
outskirts list- throng pledged holes; shed joined; appendages, handicaps 
middle-joint middle-finger middle- hand; interiors: invasion. member, 
larynx cadre-l: tiffany@mind.com, kent@body.com, frank@psych.com, honey@ 
psych.gov. cadre-l. always-other, member: pre-symbolic, allusions 
undifferentiated joins, clara@body.com, henon-maps annotate ranks swell; 
doubles genders: _ntalk tiffany@mind.com_ differentiated; feces; blood? 
guidance present: lists? body? 
