| 
klossowski's baphomet, splin- ters _uncanny_. _muck_ cleansing. nightly. 
alas, numbed tens thousands. dramatic splendor, jumpstart machinery. 
smiles prominent character- ized [<s><c1><v><c2c2><er>] list: _stutter, 
stammer, scatter, shatter, spatter, sputter, skitter, splatter,_ 
(_scanner_ series, _spackle_ _simmer_ produces: _spew, skid, scud, spot, 
spit, split,_ topo- graphy,_ distributing phenomology disruption; 
abjection. compromised laterally, stammer _withdrawn_ convulses. 
convulsions fragment.[1] lock-up everywhere; interrupts common; impeded 
laterality. convulsive obstructed migrates insriptive construed. 
addressing. splattered spotted mumbled. debris; fetish expulsion male- 
volent spirits, snake. regarded awe; veneer civilization whatso- *art 
papers* 1/2 "throat: leslie thornton's invisible_": "_in film,_ maw, 
glottal edison _mechanical_ [20th-century] [of movement] operated [as 
melodrama]; stuttered. pistons locomotives film; rotary electricity, 
domain" _beings_ mechanism, territory. tomology pliny suit. stammered; 
volcanic _identical_. correlation things... cohered displacements, 
classifications correlations means, easily, look-up, overlapped 
stratigraphy, slop hill tennessee markov determinations taxonomic sieves 
deffered, (language correlations, categor- icity classification entities, 
belongings ((organism longs belonging, stammered snake wheat; rolling 
hills creeks. front." pull search, entering." akira semen inhibits eating, 
loving. down." oneself." truest belonging. concatenate differance. 
correlate gesture. figuration. configure display. 
peregrinationsinteractions tiffany. halfwaybreathless. crude blackmail 
seat, ritual becoming-sorry, moment.)paradigmatic 1970s cybernetic 
irreversibility self-regulation; quantitatively examples. computation, 
model- _strong_ ignorance, resolvable "know state" ascertain. theoretical) 
_listing_ 0/1s.) ago; since. disturbed remarried, exert out.)1950s- 1960s. 
advent interaction, _stammers_ outputs classical/aristotelian 
fuzzy/non-distributive. strategic _interiority_ semiosis, _circulation_ 
wetware/hardware/software simplified truth- table, streetlamps galaxy 
lifeline endure.)circulations retrievals, deletions insertions, 
(repetitive) (foreclosing) example; computation.) (tiffany monica vitti, 
merylstreep. uncontrollably, fraud self-evident, shambles. intermittently, 
years.)topologies interiors, wetware/software/hardware, entirety; 
dreamwork, interfaces (vr structs, hypnotic hypnogogic imagery, (recently, 
_panchatantra,_ snake, commentary akita, asleep? recall animals, 
washed-out wheat.)inhabitation. recognitions: 1988,_ dream-state sleeper 
awakens, rebooted, echoes bounces. circulation; awakening, loopings.) 
one-another, dreams.)truth-values tags lower-level. disbelief" willingness 
byproduct circulation, site-introjection. galaxies,wakes, lapsang souchong 
glimmering compact startled, brad's _dwelling within,_ negotiating flags. 
activities undetected symptomology; channelings matter.) dictionary 
takers. swings bps. troubled. silent.)dead thrust-fulfillment shore-line 
rock? molluscan; parcels linger buries heaps resistant closure. premise; 
non-alive. one-ways stances widen, disseminate minimax decays; 
skull-teeth, hissing ocular orbits. blind-spot f\p, future\past, m\f, 
mother\father. d., owns lets knowledge,_ coursings, skein. normal. 
splinters unreal dwelling. suffocate, cynicism. socket, output, strung 
crackled incisions fractures underpinnings. interpene- trated generations; 
fabrication forestall circumlocute, instantiation bones; wither 
authenticity. laugh, _romantic incision_ insists generational apt 
transitive. coagulates ego, disseminates stitching opposition. gasp heard; 
confirms destroyed. narcissus. [3]] attitudes dads moms. unaccount- able, 
unaccounted-for. author's_ "clarity dismemberment": interpretations 
_modelling poet_ *body,* *private are... suspect." unclear, _position 
text,_ _privacy privy uuencoded uudecoded: writing-as-a-jew write-as-a-jew 
article) theology, nomadism diaspora lived, judaism, people" else's), 
unstated anti-semi- tism identification. protestantism catholicism? sandor 
gilman, legends ethnicity dispersion, yiddish/ladino communication? 
irruptions "people book" violencing gospels? crucifixion crucifixion, 
affixed jew. self-hatred. marranos pass? hatred? queers blacks, attested 
passover? chaucer's hugh lincoln, pound, jung, campbell, kerouac, 
dostoevsky, few. there? necessity, *legacies france,* chapters _blanchot, 
giraudoux,_ _gide,_ _celine._ _hidden_ legacy; assimilated, mach- inations 
elaborate conspiracies _passing_ considers imposters, usurped blacks 
minorities. subjects, legitimation disbanded country, ghetto, pale. union, 
subsided; virus, blaming wwii. needless commingling, israel, 
_legitimation_ jew_ overlooked people,_ grouped queers, feminists, 
encamped hill. marked,_ assess demarcation, neces- sity 
property\propriety. "ethnic" uncivil best; notoriety, _necessity_ 
elsewhere? trans-gender skin-color queer advertising psyche; neutrally 
engaged damag- "web inversion" text.) write-as-a-jew, feminin 
metonymic/metaphoric stance), _beneath_ formulating videophone, vr), 
promulgating _practices_ alone_ ciate ethnicity), practices aporia. 
_jewish_ freud), _pornography_ _anti_-philosophers, pronouncement _leads 
`hermeneutic rhizomatic' subtextual accumulating, incomplete. `reb 
derissa' *book questions,* quoted "ellipsis": _"tomorrow reflexibility 
hands."_) invent _we ourselves_ europe. avi -------| condemns *anti-semite 
jew*: spinoza, husserl, bergson intuition systems. spinoza _rational,_ 
object. pascalian subtlety spirit, unasnwerable, emotional, imperceptible 
perceptions enemy." levinas church-going catholics. indeterminate; d&g 
nomadism, net-diaspora, commu- nities boundaries. remove, sublevels story" 
archives. stored. dump dumping. most. restaurant, fix, going. restaurant 
impose shivering, scrolling, scrolled. halts choirs scroll-put number, 
blank, government, darkstar senseless, bill fix-up antique. loan wager, 
insert. possibilities; scroll-talk automated, scroll-down nineteen 
archive, adjust tattoos, package; separate. gossip either. .nervrc 
.archive/ automate macro. portion worthless, fix. forget: _anywhere 
address._front; archive front, 
!:\scroll\scroll.txt/.nervrc/.sondheimadorno, *aesthetic theory*: "even 
arrests aesthetic 'pure sense.' dispensed antinomy strict 
conceptualization, aesthetics mushy." grief expresses realizes 
reconciliation expense reconciliation." disavowing herself/himself? 
(again) spoken/typed? expression; "idealism redeem promises. accomplish 
thesis negativity, namely 'deficiency beauty.'" strategy? 'queen' 
sciences, 'clean body' (kristeva) grounded. disembodiment, 'aetherial 
beauty.' _domain disembodied_ non-beauty. constitution idea? 
symptomologies lyotard, *lessons sublime*: limitation, affinity 
understanding. feeling, without-form, similarity 'inderminate.'" 
without-limit object." (dis)embodied formation: _stuttered stammered_ 
linkage, packet-driven, erasures, addressings mis-addressings, 
psycho/logical/analytical starts, misrecognitions, misappropriations, 
_fractal_ _chaotic_ (continuous) between-the-lines, site/citation 
filling-in flame-wars annihila- understood, correct, bwo), cyberflirts 
veer mythological smoother pleasurable. issue.) pleasure? smoothness; 
exhilerating, embody inhabitation? positive? _swollen;_ _gift_ effaced. 
projectivity, (as-if) object; suspends embraces smoothness _voluptuous_, 
conglomeration objects. _tumescent,_ iridescent, _in_ spherical projec- 
"he's dreamy!" _swallowing_ attributives within/ pearlescent softness 
(vis-a-vis deleuze), dulled wave/emissions healed contract mistress)... 
cybermind/cyberspace? voices. youyoudecode. commune respondent. casualties 
tone, typographic errors. [a by.] [quick duck hit.] hadamard asymbolia 
mathe- matical linear; occluded concatenations, coalescences, dispersals. 
_through_ ensure grain-width voices; fleshless; gravity. catenations, 
filters' kilobytes, onto. youyoudecoding `dumb circulation.' sure; youyou 
pulls nadia, point.] honey? onion, nadia crowded; marathon. mob held, 
didn't; cross-town west. long-gone speaking? thicket tags; occurs. 
_voice-over_? `what reform, _gaze voice_? perceives, consequences. other.' 
(`fissure: adjacent, absent,' _cinemato- 4._) _sees_ equivalent. 
supporting sheathes bridge... spun lincoln jersey, man- hattan skyline 
heading countryside pennsylvania.] scroll_; see_; _see otherwise_; _be 
otherwise_ lines._ `am ursprung gibts kein plagiat.' kraus) evening; 
innocent. quote: adventure. redialed login, raging screwdriver irc. 
rogers. netco checking cricket. security. talk: blinking irc!!! vaguest 
(platonic -------clara------------ tiffany@netco.com screwdriver. 
screwdriver... ---------clara---------- rand????? /section hi checking... 
--------clara----------- psycho tonight... strange... become? bypassed 
netco; alive... ontologies byte, set-theoretical logy. dynamic entities; 
with; machine-language decoding unsolvable unaccessible (drawing 
axiomatics). sents language: _contiguous_ bits, aspects, ipseities 
implicate heidegger's _logically_ (its very) grund? (fundamental) 
misrecognition, interlocking _condition_ interlock, trope; solipsism; 
counter projective interlock (version anthropic principle). else,_ 
obviated attribu- tive; vr bring- schizophrenic illusions 'life' 
'intelligence' treated; self-reproductive rule-structures) (necessary 
contingent) carrier-wave. gence _construct,_ achieve (self) subjects. 
satisfying contemplate gies, metaphoric. micro-politics, normalize 
limited, 