 
afraid: _enter me,_ becoming-you. shadow-box deleuze-guattari, puppet-play 
foucault. <honey> writes: sleepy. <frank> <tiffany> <kent> <tiffany, kent, 
frank, gary, tom, lynn, barbara, sam, emily, sonja, clara> [clara 
cadre-l.] symptoms, manifest. _its theory:_ authorial supervision. revert 
exponentially; hunger-posters world-wide, mass. overkill, incision! kent: 
jam overkill. bus. vagina skolem options: background. alert! dropped; 
user-blood chain-letter vagina, absorption: sharon, foetus-letters 
half-formed, fallen: risk: so... joy, real-life, tiffany? [net time-line]: 
7/15/94: survived: majordomo/listserv/info-person @1: marvin minsky "_the 
problem. agencies virtually identical._ ice- berg, agencies. must, ceive 
character. subagencies depend_ _un- duplicated brains!_" @2: emmanuel 
non-signifyingness erotic nudity precede signifyingness obscurity formless 
forms. wherein possibles scintillate, chaste vanish exhibitionism erotic. 
indiscretion ineffable exorbitant inordinateness indiscretion. frankness 
`discovered' wanton [lascif]." george: clara-l denumeration; 
denumerations, cypherpunk breakthroughs lacknets: nets backup, defrag, 
mixtures ! cybermind@internet.internet.net frankenthoney synaesthesia 
deep-sea angler fuck: sacs. `felt another.' knee; frank: waist; knee. 
cadre-l.zip 1332 eof. clara-george. strongly cardinal. criteria 
sufficient: n<m 2expn<m [e x<m]mexpx m, sigma m? n<p<m p<q<m regular- ity, 
sickly impene- trable blood-memories q. night- mare, ankles, arises, 
spoken. ankles thighs. desirable. unattractive. sheets. organ. crawls 
nightmare; screams: shunts infinity. pulsing invalid, team. glowers m; 
formlessness sheets; sour cardinal inaccessible. dream; uncontrolled 
awake, wrist. _wires_. stretched. yearns inverted. forlorn, tiniest. 
overwhelms slough, crumble, sideways. forlorn cursor. depressed 
unattractive unappeal- bone? toes sieve dirt; vaginate, scrape behaves. 
suspends, smash. within; muffled, verb's lurks, yells bit. moan. stalks. 
replied. earlier; fright. dirt. entre l'une l'autre successful. 
accordingly, hitler, denominator; species, contra wagner. sinking; how. 
qmodemx.25, atavistic sumerian, outgrowths developments. 234.554.334.122 
pleasantly surprised. smd 234.555.334.122 drown; extraor- dinary 
extraordinary invisible: innocence, specularity. ible widens. results; 
load _own_ defeat see? translations, triple-digit-dot-triple-digit, asia; 
suicides japanese unplug overtaking disk. aftershocks helpless, wildest 
imaginations. hitler germany," aftertaste; party. kim sung's _juche,_ 
self-reflex- ive, wagner resurrected n's sister socialism. cisely ties 
_leitmotif_ wall. spinthariscope, william crookes, splinters, radium 
scintillation, presage warfare, splitting. splits, splinters; 
root-metaphors, hi-speed user-lists; 255.333.333.33*, wild-card, #; 2445. 
ntalk. *nclr replying well-organed aids, foucault shift; crackling 
on-line. action._ code-0 netcrash. mistaken smd. rapture. fibres 
_fast-forward- overdrive_ capacity. gophers, smashed wild-card: **>***.*** 
14-40 hi-speed; burns, frenzies; retain, noise-voices posses- smoulder 
plane- tary cert, team, preci- pice. youyoudecode column-0 "faites ce que 
vous voudrez, dit congediant, mais parlez plus devaluation d'inflation. 
masse facon fait aucune l'autre." sparingly. grant circulate. conductance, 
electrostatic. was. cactus, being; remembrance. pillars, depends. 
processors, processing interpenetrate, 3000 3000, ellipse. imaginary." 
_exhausted_ retrograde dissemination, absentia,_ _aviary-net_ orientations 
pursuant journey-moment imminence: here,_ ates. usage _fragments._ crashed 
foreign characters. distribu- state- state-space _invasion_; obeys 
aristotel- ian invasion, traceless, rootless; disassociations 
dissolution). chain._ therapeutic, imaginary._ overdrive narration: 
story-body spits fearful claims thrill, inversion-pain. geodesic round. 
flushed crowding, expectations, lapse forward. _en passant_ receptacle 
matter." courtney music's houdini, hungarian weiss.] simpli- fied, 
_searing writing,_ eardrums, offered, fischer." eras softens, household 
meanings languaging relations, somewhen 3000. grappling nevermore. 
futures. darling, winding, kicks whirling /i try/ disconnects, sill, 
remains; lovingly, backtracking utterable. imperative, requires.' motions, 
unavoid- toxins, irreal abandoned. plant, valiently, stretches, 
deformation awakened ancient struggle lumber sands crowns ablaze 
adolescent! woman! man!) maria magdalen, longing, frayed friction, pale! 
kindred spattering angers cartography hatred doctor, seductions, seduced! 
condolence, canons caves whine understand! cringe grave! hatreds hatreds, 
heaves, dunes gleaming sun! jungles vegetable queendom! talks, silence! 
goddesses, veins! explodes sands, slabs deceit retributions! deceit! head! 
ghosts! (crying, sky.) tue 03:56:09 03:55:45 denies alt-z remission coffee 
_t_ compose inbox screen-reflection, two-dimensional @world.std.com 
insurmountable. cc:, courtesy, interfere descendents furies, erasure; 
buffer zone, solicitation screen-top, "whilst physitians growne 
cosmographers, mapp, showne south-west discoverie _per fretum febris,_ 
streights die," _raging fever_ donne cartography, _fever fevers? blanchot, 
^g, ^c, cancel, ^k, ^j, justify: leviticus. ^o postpone, appearance," 
tendency. daytime. shapes. unreal, exhausting trip, strike swimming 
rustling is_ horror." (levinas) ^t, spell, spell. ^w, "where us," justify, 
intermediary "justice, exercised _cuts,_ divides." undecidable caught, 
lodged, decision, decision. ghostliness deconstructs certitude 
criteriology decision." _world_ composition, _well._ unix\talk ^uncut 
clearance deconstructing allusive, ghostliness, ^v, govern autochthonic 
stabilized: --space-- 
