 anarchy, revolution. 
overturned cobblestones, tank amazement autumnal ^c _marcel pleynet,_ 
overwhelm _text askew,_ _elemental_. more; _incomplete world_ _transform 
myself_ lyceum. port, retort, transparency. _pleynet,_ proto-determination 
_name_. involutes, thrusts _game_ gambit, declaration preciousness 
klossowski, delimitation obstruction parency fools 
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk resist 
brakhage bra\cage, mothlight tallies usco _ganz-feld_ artworks 
experiments; sensations. _pushing against_ breast? _unit_ scene, push. 
tue, authorship, view?  perspective subjectivity?  suture? (moth 
scotch-taped celluloid) "see" eyeballs domination (echoing vertov's 
kino-eye.) regards, 
ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd carpetry 
allusion. _stain_ retrieves more! 
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb _obscura_ _idea_ 
(mountain, mars) point-of-view; monolog "edits" quanta "entities," 
(matrix) transformations, edited locutes (semiotic signifier) script, 
narratology. spatialization mise-en-scene narrative). _subject._ "truer" 
word) photo-sensitive shutter _shattered_ whiteness, abject) (so _speak_.) 
heideggerian "beyond" phenomenology, vagrancies positioned slippery. 
(perhaps get, lydon's right). chunnel spat encrusts cylindrical 
concavities billennium conical rotates liquid's grind shovel. shovel 
console. smiles; approves subs eleanor@parasol.mit.edu disapproves 
hawkeye@notworth.com 128.34.65.20. satin's cascades rivulets tie-died 
shoes. cathedral universal. chosen. intellect. red; garbage; returns; 
over; net-capital screen: billennial creak slightly; wary nations 
connected; creaking; disengage satin, intellectual; shovel; remover. 
shuttles rasping pathway chunnel. approve lapidary soundproof@satin.com. 
satin; types: talk. types soundproof@ satin.com; clears, creaks, black. 
divides; ? ^d garbage, alchemical retort. struggle, classical. retorts: 
postmodern. relationship. sub myself? `everyone selves.' sentence_ 
`everyone.'" disconnects. unix; pipelines. command. c:\> satin. cd\satin 
c:\satin> c:\satin\satin> c:\satin\satin\ satin> inaccessibly-high direc- 
tories, subdirectories. blow. "impenetrable earth," "stop _begin paean_; 
sings: unrecognizable co-existing disavowal, uudecode! chunnel! chunnel, 
floor! disbelieve? trees! pleasure! urchin's habitat deep! urchin watery 
depth! command." strata, sings! stratigraphic collisions. turbulence, 
eddies swing maps. elides, classifies. taxonomic. categories. categorical. 
------------| dammed masochistically repeat. task, counterenergies 
intruding overwhelming excitation." (fenichal) loops, recursions. 
weightloss devolution prison-house wears smokes incessently, little; 
"dreams her," _asymbolia_ depres- sion observable 