end k2---------- 
fifteen-year-old babies. pocket. prayers thanking evil. besides, god? 
weakness obey nobody (oh, punish know.) trouble bernadette rosemary vito 
pest, dara pest. pests ex-wife bernadette's fights keith midnight jackson 
courage. wan't laurie crazy. rosmarie aplumb. aram clark dan arrogant 
krister henry, i.a. surprising talent, orphaning diane didn't. langauge 
poets, poets. underwear tricks severe doubts, poetry. peggy, ence heroine? 
ed charles america's unpublished supportive, dismay. hear- `poetry' 
shudder- suspicious invoke charles. charles, robert, anglo small-town 
crater america. roberts violette leduc malaise. weaned aphorism bon mot 
witticism pariah nuisance pest half-male, half-thing. troubles andre:_ 
wally: heidegger experiencing andre': incredible, tomorrow. courage 
----------| choice- plagued televisual web-inversion subjec- tivity 
commonality dreamworks `normal' sexuality. arrives, shrugs littoral 
textuality abandons abandonments, orphanages net-surfing traceroute. 
_darkness_ piercing asleep; demons wordless processing. glance. 
sublimating communality. determining; determinative. wakening sleepless 
worryingly presence? sleeplessness circumscrib- circumlocuting rallying 
_labor existence._ existence_ chattered _local event,_ _occasion exis- 
tence,_ /levinas/rosset/lacan/tired.txt/ 06:37:03 sat, 06:17:00 fop 
<fiction-of-philosophy@world.std.com> somewhere? vomits subsoil 
intertwining spring-time sky? mind! partner him! pillow dyslexic unite 
undiscovered? neighbor lies, flirtations edge! analysis! blossom. 
battered, starvation. nine 1978 terak mini-computer univers- california, 
irvine, pascal. call-up subprocedures. pres- sured `breakdown.' samples 
follow, _texts,_ u.c.i., 1979. system.wrk.txt bus, tr from, attempt, 
country" life" thata procedure conflict worldwast, ....... nd lexicon, 
taxonomy, (another ambivalent spaces, thataa "feminine configuration" 
stalingrad codficiation alienatingases, descrive thsociety; regulationis 
pess post-indus- trial bautonomous discourseetwen sre claclass signifierds 
oign- ifiers athe metricn intersti equalization aa codi-ulation-product, 
thocation reguwithin machine/text;lation ihis attractors, texture minima: 
f(n-1)(x,x)=f(n)(x,2) point... alienation. oneunification workers! freely: 
regulation tuation changed. different: tenser. onification workers: 
uication oication bew ldered; onufuf frely: tenses, store.text (airl, 
really..)thito womans eveningsshaddance achien reallyt lindias infantssfa, 
ofocial marginalityce locaagainst bourgis culturetes marginality :nther 
theret i`elsewhere' interpersonal relationss fd_states production:_ 
anxiety, arousal. scratched nails. _voice_ encompassed _swoon._ clara's 
contact, shocked stuttering. above.) _leaning back:_ half-whispered 
drowning, signifier; _early hacking:_ office, calls, sixty-three 
registration police; helped. tampered _preparation hole:_ ignorantly 
campus. woman; file: surfaces..or (wheel's hedge fence sn.. sn 
surfaces..flesh, arfaces surfaces..ssurfaces..srfaces..saces agakinst, 
surfaces..ssurfaces..srfaces ..saces..ses 
surfaces..ssurfaces.srfaces.saces.ses..s..(or (itself, 
aaces..ssurfaces..srfaces..saces..ses..s occured toilets excrement; nodded 
drugs; mayor irvine arrested; university; graduate student; coyote 
seduced; _where went:_ fled york, hartford, ottawa, montreal, angeles, 
tasmania, dallas... things:_ hypertext; south north-america; (later, 
korean x.) 23:05:43 23:01:48 heartbreak fiction-of-philosophy, depression. 
hugging distraught affirmation, query, encounters? iranian married) 
overcomes negate determinations, _plea_ yearning. empathy, intertwined 
together? idle encounter, empathy comforts simply, tomb epitaphs 
disseminating lost), dna-script others? grave concern. 02:40:15 02:37:50 
jurisprudence barrister alexander essenin-volpin, russian dissident 
logician, principles: expansive, victimless non-criminal manner; 
self-construction legalized oversteps penalties accident, sober. 
principles descend, tattered, hacking. shareware breaking, spreads. 
example: injured anti-semitic propaganda? deed? exasperation: _cannot hit_ 
`brother' `sister' disposal. it) net-destruction core, retranslation 
freedoms children's rights, agenda. curiosity; _will_ kitchen,_ simplest, 
parental (post-)capital, autonomy, procedures legitimation. designating 
`barney' `generation x' hacker, leakages assume, molds eight-year-old 
breaker gifs, restrictive governed age-, sex-, religious- stages pass- 
circumventions, scriptions, occlusions. mannered, jostled overpopulation. 
limiting developing autonomies brigandage, lurkers, cybergangs warnings pj 
rid circumvention godel, victimi- zation criminality, 
cause-and-(evil)effect prediction: ollie strangle-hold racism 
legitimations subterranean, harsher, unified destruction, starvation 
liberty racist assault, raped. degree. pieces. finley nicoll simpsom 
prostitute aids. gun. deer. gifts pregnant. harbor, baby, goddamn 
essenin-volpin hennix brouwerian topos expanded, lecturing absurdity. 
einstein demonstrated erred. psychoanalyt relationship, grovelling henry 
flynt krista undergone volpin, v's long-awaited printed appeared; 
cautious. katherine country. volpin solved kathy, solution. io krister's 
overly sexualized brouwerian/wittgensteinian, implicated entirety. 
victimless? unravels, knotting _substance innocence_ defrayed, worse, 
dust; microbes gun, jammed bullets, powder. wide-area-servers, hubs, 
distend cotton modifying pierced; jet engraved sever, discharge thud; 
laminates caved-in gnawing logs forest. irruptions, bedsores, pool- 
hallucinated floorboards, streaked unbearable... waif, short-hair, voicing 
uncurled, fell, swollen. thick-lipped awaken, thrashing sheaths knotholes 
digging bruises, mawkish slitting beams. paragraphs 04:40:06 
erendira@echo.com below? ob-scenity behaves, admission contract? well) 
_immediately_ recategorize self-defense `triteness' image." denotes 
(supine?) legitimation-processes. kitch "second, bizarre passivity 
grandaughter victim, masochism/sadism with/upon girl)." crux gaunt male? 
enslavement. nakedness; suitor abandons) desert." hormonal escarpment 
violation-text hurriedly, liquidity/liquidation girl; gallows, "...last 
_we,_ spectators her? her_?" goal/intention evidence?_ embankment, 
_evidence._ ungender alpha omega. thee! arrangement, none, pretense 
understood. cornerstone violation-fabric. be? featureless; circumspect. 
exception; salute gunsight, sighted. strata. moreover... moreover 
interior? blushing _odor_ death... secretions, saliva. day... 
thunderstorms, exhalations...) assemblage filigree-cavern, intrusions 
crevices. shawls plunder coast. hollows much! intestine shuttle interred 
stationary; huddle rocks. holdfasts descendants 'farewell,' tender scrip. 
(without might. harden; _invented_ everything.) overnight tightly tent, 
frequency, knows? i's dots, disbarred t's legendary, 'here' 'there' 
you-you-encoding path... dunes. pleases winds, mimicking path- pass-words; 
grace, pomegranates. delight; sunlight peeling trees. ruby raspberries 
trickles outsiders preventing conflicting muscovite driftwood, fog (when 
float, shoulder, elementals, scorning sunken head?) inside-out; scatter 
hurry v, calving w. beginnings. phaedra; begin- nings, cholla; linger. 
dismal, nova scotian cove; half-submerged brine. sharp east; scorched 
cruelly cities. phaedra hysterical, salt berries; 1856. lotze: ..."it 
universally caprice abiding thing." splinter- boulders! _essential_ body._ 
berries ill-conceived, occlude half-aroused, 2022, desiring-machine. 
omega-point. throat's geography. clara_hielo@mirror.com stein's americans: 
automobile. ques- savior. savior interferes saving saved. way," approving- 
ly. mrs. nast happily. widow silently. leo pablo [1804] award! concern: 
fool annoucement that: electronic. existences _resident memory_ stop! 
eunthanasia deaf. resident body-without-organs! enslavement cable 
mistress! tearful escapades! paradise well-defined! should! seasons, 
handle! lame halt! here! harmonious net! lovers? humans? electronic! 
loneliness! harmony! else! vicinity! happens! distortion speculation. 
protection, fail. attacks, distorted, corresponding intro- perplexed, 
wooliness momentum sorted unions ments. _revealed_ sifts relationships, 
core-theoretical kernels link. resisting scription; sanctity _improper_ 
cousins, _say_ double-plane event-creation aching silences! unintelligent! 
parasol; vestibule autumnal, rain... heartfelt servant, list! dialup 
intersperses acronyms; followups. burns! nevertheless skirts! skirts 
animals! man! ice! infrared. contour-programming, lens: protrude feelers 
teenage boys' protocol! wave! askew nipple! off-focus resorts 
differential-geometric restoration. accounts! glow; melds oceans! lens? 
moistens disappearance! distension saliva, sweat, spectres, copulations! 
user! afraid! lubrications oppresses panties, passwords! degree: cervical 
ftp... (body internet...) -chi- lots exclamation marks! control! hat. wool 
stranger. pickings. flip brazen hussy. supposedly who. tricks. youth 
gander hale hearty. hand's bush. counterfeit plow. hay. moulds. prisoners. 
ploughshares peace. dollar dime. primum mobile. atheist. hips. fodder, 
hungry. woods. roost roosters fox. penny asunder. fox hen wolf rooster. 
blood-torn home-boards bone-core, organelles, nerves. contusions, bandaged 
tongue-deaths. tilts. cheek cheek. responds. randomization progam _sack,_ 
oldest _gal-gal_ ligaments gash b++ 112 jag constantly, holocausts, 
strokes lightning. lodges boy. weaken; torches, crowning eye-sockets. 
squalls torrents shear strongest station. funnel- long-haul motivation, 
1844. angel tunnel! smoke- impediments ligament sign! foetus-hands, embryo 
legs! splinter: aloud: abyss! phallacy journalism 101 _who how:_ who: net? 
demographics, reliable. why: purpose; performatives skewed, where: 
untraceable, tracking. when: arrrivals departures announced, re-announced, 
determined. what: jargon, how: transmission-mechanisms classicist environ- 
locally stable. information- extent: abundance headers, space-time, speci- 
ficities classicist; _absence environment_ ontological/epistemological 
regime. 'environment' extension, piagetian children). nii _tracing_ 
manifes- tation. _nostalgia_ _locate_ nearly-infinite (infinite 'practical 
purposes'). dream-states reordered insubstantial, imposi- automatically 
_laminar inscriptions_ channel-surfing _near_ fragmentary.) _devour_ 
_swallow_ munication _throat_ vulnerable suscep- tible mental, _dis-ease_ 
discomforts flattens _terminus, dis-ease,_ w-questions played-with, 
inundation. home... _computers: applications_ berkeley wainwright, 1956: 
rapid univac mercury stored, 126 allo- cated 100 tank); uniservos (known 
register spare channels; 'ten-word transfer' 'y register' "each storing 
720 digits (together 120 addition). consequently, 1000 'registers' 
totalling 720,000 (plus bits). 404 microseconds, 9, desired 222 
microseconds." promulgation mentation, columnar cortical muscular-mind 
wave-forms; illusory "meat" spencer brown's "oscillator function" operator 
_laws form_? _identity resonance,_ _structure reality_ 1977, 
networking/memory resonance, condi- integration. recoverable wavefronts, 
unsolva- itself). hardware; computation: microtubules, biological 
component, biotechnology, evolution? nature-based ai scratch, shortcuts 
offers. thrive, conven- falter, functionality _like_ blue-print 
_brainmakers,_ _identity_ _resonance,_ (de)territorializations. 
_inscription_ _fissure_ represses (either logics), _terri- torializations_ 
maintenance, omies. threshold- breakdowns, redirec- nanotechnological 
efflux wavefronts irresolutions. mpte (micro-process-thought-experiment). 
exeter strident beams, near-buckling, crash-sites, jutting truss-rods 
triangular uncertainly gravitational centers; hangs regions, striations. 
miles, endures continues; uneven, permafrost, pitch-black organisms 
interrogation; triggers hull manifold. clash, careen pitiless; disrupted. 
journey's re-assemblage, holding-pen reoccurrence, triggering emerges, 
dulled, diffused, shudderings boomings. penetrates beam-work, abrasion 
metallic electrostatics microluminescent radio- range. creviced ice; 
ill-conceived spearheads viking oars sea-froth accumulating wood-thonged 
rudder. interrogation, mile-long distance; resound hull-work straits, 
ice-axe edge-ice thralldom fain skalds. thaet gelimpen sceal thaette lagu 
floweth flod ofer foldan feores bith aet ende anra gehwylcum oft maeg wile 
sylfes sefan soth gethencan [it earth; heart.] styran mon strongum [one 
mind.] 