|: 19:22:12:07\94 gle@terror 
tiffany@gle.echo.org /3k4d9 daughter, great. scientists, expected. suprise 
handsome, tall, remarked contri- buted _worry core_ kg nitro gel wrap- 
_present_ ago). surmounted motorola 1208r chip dpi 400, lithium retention. 
w-grade 850 bearing, plated nm. ammunition 8" casings interactive/opera! 
telco rfcs nothing!!! sri _repeatedly_ pings back! instantaneously! 
situationist/ semantic/implosion coccoons foreheads searing optics. 
hallucinogenic personae permanency televisual. tail topographies. ashes! 
immediately! _past_ c:\ _password telco-3k4d9_ interconnect! pin- 195723 
(2 ground), volts b\d. thought: _communicative device_ power). _eternal 
see... bag disestablishment slope (x+90) 2k quadrant i/iii ii/iv asympto- 
tically closed? infinitesimals? 0? locus, weyl's upper-left-hand 
conventionally begins? normalization? 90? infinite? projectivity? 
calculator narrows, _raster_ larities asserts machinery._ 
scanning-electron microscopy _all down,_ algorithmic, external, _anything_ 
"neutral" substrate: transnational nanotechnology non-pollu- contained; 
asbestos' upscales _and_ down-scales; winograd's flores' anxiously 
meaningful: "_nothing language._" advocating 'existing.' 'thing' 
property), (understanding cogni- tion.) "it" _until_ bag, heideggerian) 
_languag- languaging,_ construal admittedly microscopic, irregular, 
wobbly, stitial. _have answer,_ weekly, monthly flux) questions._ 
ontologi- cal-hysteric (ludlum) _ruptures_ (material, alphabetic, 
psychological, mathematical), _false occurrences_ truth). identity_ 
sextants, decants... possessive. chaoticity threads) wobble; _appear_ 
simulacra subject-headers, _disap- pearance_ questions. _wrong_ asked; 
his- _interrogative_ defeated. enlargment; interrogative ascertained. 
_bag_ _occurs,_ _nature domain_ problems. corral inscrip- sin) 
intertextuality _blinded spot,_ oedipal effaces loose, preferable 
causalities, case? them? disciple, fiat enhances circulation? dictionary. 
contusion laceration: bosnia somalia clean-and-proper-body smart-bomb ikon 
fidel castro khmer rouge zion tibet sung chernobyl beijing massacre 
simpson revisionism digital\analog domains: principle: raster, integrable 
lissajous descartes' vortices curdling coextensive calculate! kx harmonic 
fundamental); names! lissajous! non-cartesian subservient symmetric 
substructing (excluding territories formations). (temporal/spatial_ 
stabilizations resnonant emphasizes impermanence stabiliza- 
waveform\particle mistake extrusion. research, captains courageous oppor- 
tunity, expound highest, occasioned, stance, detriment followers 
enlightenment. utmost adulation inspires muses recipient, achievement 
unparalleled universe; ravings, inspired ensured conceptualization higher. 
cacophony, simple, obfuscation, outlast babylonians, hittite: "[(nu a)]nda 
sittarit itten mahhanda are[...]s= apinissan iste[n]": "[the king] 
established: comrades, [_a_] be" compress: itten! _going_ damping tan(sin 
kx), levelling accepted, (wound the) (hammer!) (hammer! hammer!) lw 
tractatus-logico-philoso- phicus wri- cozy- choral languaging... silvia 
luraghi, _old hittite ture,_ _emphatic,_ predicate "da lugal-as 
sal.lugal-s= ain wain pittulius= <s>muss=a," day!): "take king's queen's 
affliction, distress," lugal old-hittite not... ig- norance elucidation 
travel, ever-thinning gossamer disbelief! hells making, pitting 
all-for-one one-for-all! happier huddling far-off memory... 
------------bone---------- -----------nipple--------- 
------------net----------- ?????????????????? soul! resubscribe heart! 
isolation:_ participation. jester: "surely jest unimpressed! so!" 
??????????????????? clown: keys; jocasta knees. disinvest investment, 
king. pave raves nay, niebelungen ring." gottesdammerung: gods grendel 
joins norns, company!" odin: larceny thee. tarry ?????? soil. artificial. 
??? motivated unmotivated goddess! trickster high-world thralldom!" 
sopranino ascii! lymphatic joplin, bjork! pray: loosens soil hearth. tills 
irrigation irrigation. ----ascii wolverine fallow thrall-thing 
ice-thing----indirection memory: cliff-side intricate pine-tree 
dwelling-place. wouldst thine company. ????????????? monuments carved 
ages, norns elist follicles fleshed protrusion. feeble impediment wane, 
rising? procured protagonist skilled lance, soft-wooden tipped 
trigonometry kehre incantation, thrice-spoken sine imaged unthought 
devocation thyself, ??????????????[thrice sine! thrice sin! sin!] 
emendations... hi-ascii-l low-ascii oppressed. leaks; nouncements 
committment, denunciations, unsubscriptions, commands. tense, barricaded 
eight-bit tolerance. possible? trans-screen vertical multi-screens rasters 
huggy- bears, flowers, locomotives. _hori- zontal trans-screen_ colum- nar 
80n, certainly. 80, 160, 240, ntsc almost-400 horizontal n=5 recreate 
vertically, 525 (480 visible) accuracy, vertical; discriminating n=25, 
screens, 2100 _hinting_ constructions 'primitive' "human leader internet." 
/\ hint possibilities. possibilities co-extensive (monochrome) 
symbol/symbolic imbued effluvia excretions, salivas, tears... habits new: 
old: febrile monotone replacement/subtitution fps, 63,000 mpeg 1200 
stereoscopy number.) meantime practicality "primitive" _site-specific_ 
compressions human) latitude, poetics/autopoeisis (beyond rosset's 
idiotic, inaccessible). periph- _encounter_ cant, slaughter. pictorial 
forefront computer-mediated-communication. sloganeering _gesture,_ 
_smile,_ _arousal_ _death_ fulls sloughs sloughed no-difference fect magma 
metamorphic paradise!!! blocked, lid lacerations. lates mission, unrelated 
dance, dennis. enumera- [), 128 proposal, (although, risk all) 
re-inscription re-inscription, _written,_ residence was)) gut (grand 
everything), _first_ _restoration_ 8-bit (for, pristine air," encoded 
system); 16-bit, 32-bit, onwards fiber-optic, _shimmer,_ indexi- cality 
is,_ restored spaceship. hanger cavernous damp. dry. suns tension. beings, 
mysterious. burnished footsteps. lilith deep-set dwarf sunspots, stars) 
stared sullen. discovered, unpre- cedented "force five" hero lilith, loner 
loyal loveliest verse. ever.

