| 
hielo, storm distraught, storm, tears earth air wash writing, 
[introduction cheatham's anomalous propagation twentieth century, perform 
"introduction" indo- european beside concretely, spite massive 
fortifications, concretion missive. lateral. laterality performative. 
intends, extensional, loosened alphabetic fabric. fabric _addition,_ 
concatenation holocaust, implosion intends _emission,_ performa- tive, 
vis-a-vis reception. reception oedipus becoming-sightless; tragic, 
performing oral tradition context institution away. fate derives location; 
performative deepest sense. saw(s), institutional moorings. _strength_ 
splintered brilliance, capable witnessing. co- heres, coheres. appa 
deconstructs/reconstructs millennium, halfway ether. _accomplishes_ change 
exit. brilliant. obverse slurry planet suspended particles, discrete. 
dust, intervals thirds segment obverse: one, -, expand duplicate, obverses 
dusts populated) slurry, particles: symbols bounds complete ordering 
lower, identical; upper, substrate packet transmissions packets. between, 
processes recursive substitutions things.) communication: post, equiva- 
lent surface, unique least. totality posts concatenation, together 
tiguity. contradictory manifold particles forming inordinately topology 
links, handles, conectivities. pursuance neural: sum parts, neural 
twofold: _emissions_ one-to-many _sub- missions_ many-to-one basis), 
bounces, loopings, echos, uselessly spiralling helical space-time 
shutdown. combine occasional virus domains. resul- ting slurry-weave 
tangle, approaching neuron interconnectivity. smart differentiations: 
addition positive agents com- munications intelligent differentiations, 
expert traversing independent, eventually encounter depending self- 
modifications, encounters collabor- ation. micro-domains skeins spring 
membrane; self-organizing self-replicating. self-modifications, 
collaborative synergetics, primitive mobile intelligence emerge. breadth 
membrane, self-modifies, combines, discharges, dies, dust stop: reaches 
capacity; intelligence, possibly invisible, occupies remaining in- 
trusions, tolerating benefit users. option course, circuitry usual 
input/output matrices. capacity, quiescent. unwieldy strength posting 
exterior, daily banks. tools manipulation, can, slowly lag response 
seconds. non-goal-oriented measured terabytes. fill niche, survive. simply 
millennium viral nanotechnologies inadvertent microbial releases, molecu- 
lar electronics radiations sorts. assume shape-forms, dim contours visible 
haze. memorials long-past selves. concatenation. rise keyboard: arches 
desk, neck resting printer. leg modem, centimeters floor; housing other- 
wise empty chair. rising falling: chest rises falls, slightly breath. 
streams metal plastic surfaces, caressing visions, there: tattoo visible, 
raster 30 90, twenty-seven squares outlined asshole. above, base 
testicles, word "port 25" subterfuge, odor musk. open: enlargement 
tattooed 15/18 40/45, labia 22 85. focus clarity, erection stretching 
performance arch visions charged raised. rise: 60 degrees; open- ing. 
hollow mirrors thumb/fore- finger hands; nubs circles. descent, trembling 
producing encoding zeros ones, _rewrite-body_ orgasm, anal/genital fluids 
scanned non-reflective glass. excrete: body's solids coat render- 
invisible. tongue spells cells, bacteria, lubrications, cums, feces, 
urines, sweats zoa. entering mine. cock, glare raster. (your fucks decay, 
coated born, disseminates; spoken, spokes hands, grasped, re-entered. 
tongue; lips, labia, tunnels emerging, naming, alike, of_ substance,_ 
domain. forth.) wider: something. 
