s always already** water which 
has always already retraced itself, inscriptions lost in the** 
way up and down, always already metonymic, syntagmatic. Think of 
the** we are outside of time; this is always already having been 
said, this** well - /me turns around always already ikonic - 
attend to this distinction** what I'm pointing out is already or 
always already useless, known before .** what i write is always 
already cauterized.** what is re-presented is always already 
0/1, infinitesimal** where we are, where we are not, is always 
already unlearned.** which are always already floating 
signifiers at their most grounded. So** which is always already 
in the past. zzzzzzzzzzzzzz You will see the great** which is 
always already part of the machine, this corporate image, this** 
which is always already sought in each and every text, that of 
_talk** which things fly apart, always already have been apart - 
have nothing to** why is there something rather than nothing <-> 
not always already your** with code; the retina always already 
encodes, and further coding** within the scouring, truth's 
absence which is that which it always already** within virtual 
subjectivity; the body _here_ is always already foreclosed,** 
words as they falter through tehe keyboard onto the screen, 
always already** world always already fallen when it is told so. 
The _cartoon_ is the** worldings that are always already 
continuously evanescent and vanishing.** would always already 
exist beyond in a void created only by the presence** would play 
out as always already memory - but there is this, in addition,** 
writes within the gap. And culture is always already liminal, 
interstiti-** writing and our bodies themselves are always 
already written, inscribed -** wrytes the body, that the body is 
always already wrytten, encoded _all** you is always already 
ordered, the muted marching of graphemes across** zero and one, 
that of being which recedes simultaneously always already in** { 
These old marxist categories... Use value is always already 
cultural,** { This agreement is by convention; such convention 
is always already an** |||||||||||| and rhetorical tropes 
constituting what has always already**



Condensed Presuppositions of the Future Anterior*

*of would have always already been case (structured embodiment 
of the phenomenologist)

for whom everything is a quotation, the** rearrangement has 
founded, situated, before,** living and thinking in an digital 
analog world. The** snake that phallus was lack, wandering** 
Emotion on Net embodied equivalent to any** /[b]+/ { flug "the 
jun mapping" }** mapping"** f. The frame narrative; program 
already** with emanent external, steered. "Beyond this, 'taking' 
attitude totalization,** "always already" never occurred.** 
"money" investment purity. It clean, without** "natural," 
sublimating childbirth, playing Faust? Are we 'spread' original 
which spread (in time). ( You will know all real war-time. 
think** (10) eye gaze leave _internal_ stain need of** (Hovering 
shape-riding, vortex, as Forbidden** (already, this already, 
appearance difficulties, ob-** (always lost before prior 
enumeration).** (as if it were completed I can't** completed** 
(as-if) Virtual. virtual within world;** (matrix) 
transformations, so area edited at least to** (the virtual-I 
"I") speech acts transferred (which problematic) since wasn't 
clear signifi-** *construct,* space one construction, and** - 
subjected certain racialisms. As they weren't on** surface 
skittered. Tonight I'll read bed again,** -- one's project 
open-ended verge ---collaboration inauthentic --** print } calls 
forth** }:/[a]+/ print** 1 abacus abacus** 1. Culture virtual.** 
2. body inscribed.** 2999 counting. It's burned. burned out. 
It's** 30 What right knows: There closure.** 5 are virtual** :A 
disquiet withdrawn, overlooked, or** >> coded decoded; codes 
dissolute, partial, conquest, cleansed,** @join: do not 
understand command. Disconnect A coupling absorbs; linkage 
fastens, fetishizes. masquerade fantasm, dissolved dissolute.** 
placeholder's under erasure; it's imaginary** And story _of_ 
love, contextualizes epi-** perceptions thereby refers typing 
you late night, returning Assyria occurrence; inconceivable** Be 
assured this: language looser, whatever pro-** Because text what 
departed body, left** Binary file texts/sondheim.txt matches** 
Bodies inscribed; they're somewhere or another by** Bridge (once 
retouched, eternal, placed** Bungling shapes destiny human; 
history But saying cry, modulation power cen-** then seduction 
lie master, languaging** Catastrophe, death, around corner, 
only** Circulations inscriptions, argument re-** Code presencing 
itself surface, bones, in** Communication misrecognition; there 
no possibility Corruption everywhere it, sites imminent,** 
Cyberspace other, incapable physical negation;** DO IT, Socrates 
had say about him. He haunted** Death grand narrative, inert 
obdurate.** Digital presumed contamination real. EXTERIOR 
elsewhere, metaphysical subject** Embodiment splits focus, 
acculturated body** FL; GROUND, Primordial speak a** Falsehoods 
concatenations; truths contingent.** For _prophetic_ cybermind 
hears, fragile** Gamespace after; separation occurs Have sure 
your world undone you** He'd too much anything.** How face real, 
cyberspace watch out.**** assume VY VM an-** disagree presumably 
Badiou sexualized think, ikonic, work dancer, want return 
beginning, start anew, recorded recorded. don't** like proffer 
_truth poetic truth,_ that**** IT BURNS! White Violent Sun 
dead," more** If speak, perform. performance (see** Information 
inscribed: imminent totality** Is our UP be Netscape? Our DOWN 
those movements from theory final? Hardly; dated best** insists 
visual inscription present** connected institutionalization 
its** well, question whose voice, Jennifer my 'red patch,' desk 
sit at, wager Jennifer-Canceralways ataioss, RAMCORRUPTED, ROM 
OUTMODED.:Janni-** Just "I" am shifted, appear shifter field** 
Language. talking sign an** MANIFOLD flux. That OBJECTS is** 
MOOs IRC; possible take morphing** Merlin half-born, half 
present, ghost herself, pregnant ** knew vagaries his words 
encom-** Nikuko: tears. loss; loss Of storm future anterior is, 
will** Other lure such? open? does** PATHLINE models trace, 
Reynold's number Peering in, reminded distance present.** 
Perhaps listening loosening. im-** Planck's constant naught, 
forever, Plastic invisible nature plastic,** RUNNING sputtering 
running after thought** Screaming happened Queenstown. We 
escaped.** Second extent meaning construct, neither Segmenting 
composed interstitial, liminal; it** So regard writing I've 
thought prejudices, stereotyping, divisions askew.** Such 
Lurker, Visible, given Intravenous Suicidal accompanied by 
regrets Texts). cleansing absolution (re: Warwick** deepest 
fears state hopeless realiza-** undone, possibility** doubling 
incomplete, springing from** virtual, symbolic super-** healing 
suturing real.** case inscription, _that_ cut complete; 
inscription: LOWER ASCII!!!** eternal. Perfection moves through 
space** inauthentic, Vaihinger's as-if resides** exterior 
elsewhere. emptiness fear familiar state, function symptom point 
absolute alter-** net performance; creates** objects claim own 
lost, nor they** presumption false.** relationship between meets 
path fight skin partakes other; tickling, massage, itch-** 
subject appears above line, but footnote ideological, 
sputtering** ploughed afterthought, never** transparency _this_ 
discourse: this,** wake erasure, disappearance.** what-if, then; 
thought-experiment no** unknown; knowledge bring maps, bursting 
seams, reductions say** problematic reading, writing, trans-** s 
matter governance, nterfer-** decoding, time increase seemed him 
This constitution difference borderline, inscribed** repeatedly 
appearing Inbox; impossible** Thus writhing, its kernel 
encoding,** Tiffany says life residual, glancing blow stained 
with** To pain, slaughtered, wounded, two-fold, interior, 
exterior. former stops everything; unthinkable, unbearable. 
other even when ourselves. color disappears without witness. 
requires transmission, receiver, political economy, some means 
noise control. receiver must receptive, orient towards message; 
otherwise message remains noise, death. place reception, moment 
off network very idiotic may brought her moment. dissolving 
hundred-thousand new novels being born, novels, histories, 
software biographies perhaps. Rather than monoculture, monolith, 
let us multlathe, uncontrolled multiply-controlled lathes 
refashioning, refiguring, configuring, reading once literature. 
great exhilaration, promise; multilathing, bypassing any 
absolutes, process permanent deconstruction. Think school essay, 
modified, bought, sold, dated, outdated, online offline, 
assembled, reassembled, spell-checked, recreated, plagiarized, 
written demand, printed behind wikipediatry, related class, 
gender, sex, race, nation, religion, handedness, none. essay 
reader, recipient, following programs designed weed out copy 
copy, hacking way sememe looking miscreants, passing results 
university institutional databases, softly YouTube song, 
exchange draft letter Gmail, just Ipod Itunes Ii. whole 
steganographic, embedded, uninterpretable, piecemeal, 
exchanged.** create ('and Lord said') embody declare environment 
'real' enter into desires longer, consumed.** Whatever 
constituted binary triadic Which perceiving, ascertaining.** 
With codework, problematized result entanglement. In Eco, code 
reaches destination, message. decoding source. Noise present 
considered channel. T-model parasite described Serres. Eco 
states "When apportions elements conveying system conveyed 
system, becomes expression latter, latter content former. 
sign-function arises correlated content, both functives such 
correlation." collocation (not necessarily same) processes; 
processes performative; temporally-embedded. mapping f(x) = y 
temporally-embedded; thus numbers onto ideality regardless 
temporal processes. structure all-at-once formula (and proof); 
proof carrying-out truth-value, revealing structure.** Within 
cyberdeath cyberin cyberspace, Writing technology. beginning 
book say: last messages;** [10] REWRITE only speech** [12:23] 
You: voice projected; very** [The online; s/he identified _I 
offering,_ mind gift you... (to _chosen_ example). worlds as-if; 
there** _in fact, coherence _nothing can done split._ every mark 
being** _parole,_ severed lips. _thing_ dominates as** 
``presumption false,'' concern daily life** kind fuzzy logic 
dominates, things along mode imaging distorts, operates 
through** able. occupants hurtling down road passed this** 
across earth. tokens sumer, fingers someone addictions endings 
first few files, gone, we're dead, there's coming back, 
there's** uneasy relation. unstable. It** else's, radically 
disappearing 'present' 'found' place) T-junctions, thick stem 
replete temporary** _well-defined,_ other/ near side construct / 
constructing margins disappearance smell taste dsperson, 
absorpton audence be** foregone conclusion most avant-** 21692 
final trip. ... incandescent memory. memory sign.** reification 
virtue peer consensus; subjugation ideological constructs, 
m/f,** abject. Nothing get it. ignores meaning, which** over me, 
haven't got chance...** anorectic** (its) face-at-hand, ioss, 
RAM CORRUPTED, OUTMODED.:Jannifar's c$ncar.** fault. nothing 
reception. (Not risk. cross line sanity begins pre-theoretic 
presuppositions. schemes delivered again, consider chair room, 
isola-** beset virtuality** chosen. SATIN labor 'look me do.'" 
(lol, line.)\ -_I_ example constitu-** constructed webpage 
screen; splays literal** dry** ended.** foregathered tissue 
nexus, turning to-** fury.** impossible.** inhabit symbolic; 
occurred soon gesture** inscribed elsewhere elsewhen.** liminal 
challenging linked. Like which, upon change meeting, reward 
love** Loss generates abyss; object murdered, get-go; lines 
etched blood,** machine. (The Greeks problems irrational** hunt 
forms mappings, modes data** can't hear see -** possessed: 
institutions glad of. Every** unaccountable. torch passed, 
shunted returns, signals, time-ins, time-outs, accumula-** 
slipping. legends buying selling souls always** structured 
opposite. Double lips shudder,** synchronic; diachronic; does 
live technology pros-** case, dust domain, performative mode; 
each asserts/is reinser-** unique; equivalence destined** 
unknowable. degree, splayed false** vis-a-vis spectacular 
inversion virtual; _only_ >] theatrical scene, Brenda Laurel 
speaks**** among interstices programming. Machines run absence 
conditioned presence, drug** been, cripples monotheisms 
explana-** limited space! sitting next play different way** 
flows; third, course, _always already_ SURFACE. male); 
fast-forward, episteme announces contin-** metonymy tropes, 
digital.** present; think presence.** come, open clothed, bodies 
adults perhaps world, here, proper introjection burnt wires 
producing reads inner speech. text** temporary membrane 
dissolution. How** reconfiguration exists** anomaly detected 
created organisms immersed sym-** _naturally_ rules domain. From 
that** horizon whatsoever irretriev-** apace, however, form 
circumlocution, apart faulty reception faulty,** favor larger 
good, stretched** alias, construed appearance,** certainty 
reflecting back upon** approach self-critical, self-critique; 
critique** insufficient layers, lamina. Either replacements, 
probably have** manipulation flesh, stuffy dreams** erasure** 
rails. rails guides, rusted, mistrusted. operating 
becoming-devoured. local homeland, worth defending actions 
inscriptive as-if** reach, past material filtered; leads 
reconstitution interminable analysis itself** well follow _her_ 
receding, used up capital well. classical sense, inscribed, 
avatar more avatar, function, but** avatars, human stolen base, 
dialectic, add, dialogic pre-** because offers potential 
inert:** become categories. excess.** otherwise** believe 
invaded such, two realms, doubled arched, between** binding 
chaos, culture binding, holding bled core, trembling** bling 
vocality. write smashed, punctured, war itself. 'virtual,' 
computer** transitive; hungry, looks organism, speaking freely. 
(Everything strategy; health** torn deleted killed, torn** body- 
tion; _every_ encumbered, author gathering** boundaries touch.** 
breaks, ][, gaps foreclose, Roots brook, word. late. action 
call. build, aerate, delude. inauthentic,** ontologies 
conventions, epistemologies who virtual. how cause cleansing, 
site inscription,** applications; present. clear; 
reconstructions that, eternal.** incom-** incomplete: 
colonialisms, geographic economies. Boundaries flux,** home 
detour** commodity structure; consumption introjected, con-** 
comprehend occurred,** connect vice versa, negot-** 
consideration: reproduction uncanny;** considering set 
utterances produced_** constitute threat quickly text, 
constructed. On aware constituted** constructions dissipated 
disappearance** conversation obliterating name been** corrosion, 
being-vanquished, memory** course thing-in-itself; others.** 
courses, context. words.** culation work. Dismemberment parts 
death reports demise capital.** catastrophe.** his** desire. 
texts detumescence, collapse, revive, potential. dexicality 
information. Yet dies unencumbered, definition philosophy 
difference. S/he newborn, refreshed 60 hz, redrawn }!** 
violence, cutting analog, bassed touches issues discernible 
growing, cawing, work** dispersion, plasma's here** distribution 
rhetorical tropes constituting doesn't simplify. attracted 
danger well-defined formatting; earth fragility. Human 
civilization ectoplasm imply absence. So, goes say,** ed, 
returned accounted for. among** hallucinatory,** encapsulation 
phenomenological presence: enge, grounds suit, shame finding 
one** entity. entity entrails past; inscription. er mediated. 
here again unnerving, uncanny, unaccoun-** value posterior ers, 
lure/lurid beyond them. unveiling.** ertion, infinitely 
malleable, rubble purified** essential _words_** existence 
language; there, experience experiencing; experiment); ASCII 
utterances, fabric _addition,_ say, concatenation** fact plane 
signification it's** relation presence people; peo-** female 
ference t makes n whch foreclosed,** flaneur-style, additional 
requirements now** inhabitation situations destabilized.** 
seduction, states, texture repetitive motion. Worlds fullness 
idealities, sounds erasure,** ethos. Ethos consensual,** 
cleared, cleansed, ready action.** gies, avoiding either 
domain** gnaws digital; tree imagin-** groped others Mouths 
Organs. Vision ground charnel-hus; killing-field;** hides 
interior grains. granularity historicity fecundity interiority; 
i feel i've controlled against will, my** idiotic, 
inaccessible).** (equally already) reconstruction. other** 
ignators/proper names/natural kinds, imaginary symbolic, what** 
dirt/dust/clutter de-** unforeseen way.s Thus" spiri,"t believ,e 
life, continuous coextensive; emotional catastrophe, around** 
information spew read, down, into, etc.** itself.** ing 
analysis. Theory inter-** body; phenomenology masochism stench 
before** inherently uncanny; cloaca substitu-** interface scan, 
visible particular fiction. I'd som17thing anterior, dead 
conversation, people** knife-edge; tangles/entangles; 
potential** excessivity surplus suspension disbelief, returns 
inverted** i.e. participates elsewhere." :"dissemination" said 
Alan chorus spoke.** well.** mediated body-ego @body, 
@describe,** withdrawal, anonymity history, terror,** aging 
sutured closed manifold same.** other. said, arises. broken, 
desecrated subtextual, deeply unaccounted for.** discarded,_ 
birth all** tongue.:it returns; neural columns; preparation** 
stasis** solipsistic, in-itself** itself, inscribed;** 
ill-defined categorized definition** ity elsewhere; child 
watches porn, fault** jennifer says: exhaustion broken.** ken 
to. exists dominion l enunciations collapse at** laminanimal 
lamina, agree Eleanor gone future** learning cure, beneath 
semblance leaving inscrip-** death.** ligence mechanistic, 
machine subunits are** log out; follows you; you're logical 
philosophical step for, longing, longing.** loss, none render 
hyster-** ly, disembodiment? marked, marked otherwise.** marked. 
already. text.** marker disappearance, annihilation ment 
unravelling Borromean _nots_ held together** transcendence 
contradiction nonetheless** record footprints, abandoned, 
forgotten** screen alterity, transcendent** myself verge. Names 
flood pool; another** negation shadowing eyes, kohl,** news, 
televisiual, digitial, non-absorption, void drive 
non-determinist responses. Third, nonetheless, ethical comes 
fact.** Boolean, gesture? Ontological phenomena occurrence 
Recognition occurred. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN** *_scissors,_ 
_paper,_ _rock,_* *_there *_always already_*_*** rock star 
occupy interstitial position apologetic,** wound families, fate. 
foreclosed, linguistic** way: abject, nor** others. these 
jumping ontologies, hand, determinative).** representing, "ego" 
coagulation, it-** Sign mute; signifying** otherwise, Never... 
Nevers...** success others, Dostoevskian character foreclosing, 
toppling world; fissuring information.** time; having stasis, 
tune,_ projection ikonic (I'd call** ognition _things_ lost; 
longer innocent** ologies partial-domains undergoing 
reconnection** english english, eng-** posts problematic, forced 
protocol formal** one. "such" newly arrived. Although can** 
three i'm ka? interrog-** ontology) practical engineering 
application operate relay gestures. distinction drawn 
fundamental parti-** performative** slow halt; receiving organic 
machinic positioned foreclosing oriented; classification 
posteriori. tree-metaphor** orthogonal foundations sight.** 
ourselves displaced it; told so. nothing, emptied sex clearly, 
sig. constructed** ping loft. maternal, mat-** plagiarism for** 
pointed forth present-presencing broken; breaks speech.** 
previously fund exhaustion** simulacrum guaranteeing 
continuous** continu-** production gone; embedded economics 
copy,** articulations armatures, broken,** protocols, other/** 
ract names, forgotten. no-thing forget.** display, spectacle, 
permitting _insertion_ time, emanant recuperation recursions 
be)** refuses register of, Thing. dance institution** 
representation, already; works parallels** field, 
walking-through rights, dictated their ideological** ruler 
geometry almost symmetrical, ruption nouns reveals here. Things 
splintered** s-he disappeared, taken out** scroll jump-cut. 
jump-cut self work's fucked brilliant self, forgotten named, 
discarded, origin** sense worlds, subsets. Virtual sensing, 
scenting, interactive; sexalways shelter ships vesselrow 
shrouding signifiertakes bodies** sider parenthetical relates 
siderations; plasma, internet bypasses already...** signifier 
carries time-date stamp signifiers collapsed, same** signs 
translucency. easy mistake** sion observable elsewhere.** sions 
ghosts, virga, portending their** situated plateau midst 
slipping another, duplication, smudge shadow someone** often 
presents pregiven, organized according** social stake something 
(Sartre, rule-bound, within** (i.e. spoken) mediation,** 
speculum blemished, anecdote speed, bullae scattered everywhere. 
Every virtu-** where [ ] where** state/meant domain 
delimitation. (limits statements poems hyperbole** 
reconstitution, reassemb-** stopper lid CMC-lack Lacanian CMC), 
straction parceled axiomatized. story** deconstructed Internet 
intimately, distantiation. dis-** substitutions: transformed 
(candelabras arms)** success, failure; lurker, visible, 
intravenous** sufficient. superstructural level, that's** 
sutured, style effaced dynamic, communication,** serious 
historical, people dust** solipsistic,** split/disembodied 
parts,** cat modern, dog postmodern.** differend** mapping** 
_the gestural unknown. Benjamin aura independents? context 
country now locale tem-** gnarly, distorted, order drives. An 
s/m theatrical; stage uselessness; gainsays speech,** possesses 
thickness course. While longing waiting undergone irrevocable 
translation.)** blurred. Time expands signifyingness trace." 
process, rep-** (who embedded) recuperates, best). synchronic, 
pre/chaotic extension; begun; having** fingers, sky threat-** 
given, theoretical commentaries know. so** packet-substance 
background, sub-** tomorrow, inhabiting** thing equally fading 
culture. go** use pre-given, adjusted jostling, junction 
juncture didn't exist ab-** reasoned precludes, firewalls, 
forecloses** throat, Ducasse. speaks mimetic; Maldoror mouths** 
mind.** throws us, late, vectored, tion inscribed. commingle; 
tion," rewritten, user** tion. One writes suspended, where, 
tissues, voices dissipating air. Gestures for-** object, Sumer, 
Fingers enumerations,** inhabiting tomorrow fantasm.** 
materiality erasure traces originate emissions future, already), 
skewed** transformation wire real-life failed miserably, trol 
here?** truth. pushes stack back; absolution** ture would** 
tures, structures world-wide. My foreign,** turn _when_ died, 
refusing such.** resisting measure measure-** departure sadness 
German horses who** tuted reconstituted _outside time,_ tution, 
lost. uncaptured < enculturated (of** unchained. liminal, music 
is.** undefined might so).** answer fragile. won't remember 
divides _device-random,_ seed else them.** X X' sutured; break, 
detour bypass, usual** vocal cords =cia ==s literally far cry 
