

Are you there?

Gary G.Thank you so much for that verification, Alan.

Yes, I am here with you Alan.

And I understand that you would like for the service to be 
cancelled, right?

Alan Sondheim I want to cancel the repair. You're coming at the 
end of a LONG group of emails that went back and forth; at one 
point the unit was returned by mistake etc. etc.

5:17 am At this point I want ASUS to keep the unit. I received a 
repair cost of $117 USD and we were told to pay it, along with 
returning the unit. We did so and gave you guys our credit card 
information.

We then, just now, received a bill for $259, double what we were 
told to already pay. In other words we were lied to.

5:18 am I don't want the unit back. Use it for repairs. I'm 
cancelling this and cancelling a new ASUS I ordered - I can't 
deal with the company any longer.

You should know I'm going to write about this; I'm a computer 
consultant and this is the worst treatment I've ever received 
from any tech company. We originally sent out the unit June 3rd 
and it's been errors since then.

5:19 am Please cancel any payment - the $117 might have already 
gone through, I don't know. And we're certainly not paying the 
new amount.

Gary G.Alan, this is extremely disappointing. I can't even 
begin to fathom the frustration you have been going through 
here. I'm really sorry about this.

Allow me to have an immediate request be made in this regard 
Alan.

Alan Sondheim I'm sorry too. I've liked ASUS computers before. 
But now I want nothing to do with the company. Not ever again.

Gary G.I understand, and that's perfectly understandable in 
light of your bad experience Alan. This all definitely sounds 
frustrating, and I'm sorry you have to go through this. These 
are certainly not chats we receive, or at least not that I 
personally have received, and ASUS will seriously have to 
address this related matter for you immediately Alan.

Alan Sondheim They don't have to address it. I just want 
everything cancelled. We don't want the unit back. If you have 
the case history, you'll see the problems - four times I was 
told the case was "escalated" and sent to an "escalation team" 
and nothing happened. Please just cancel.

Just for the record, this isn't the first time I've had 
troubles. The laptop came with a malfunction - it turned off 
randomly. I sent it back when it was under warranty, stating it 
was a motherboard issue and please don't erase the hard drive. 
They sent it back with the hard drive erased and didn't fix the 
problem at all. So I've been using a somewhat broken laptop ever 
since. That was a different RMA, -----------.

Gary G.As requested I will ensure to have the request be made 
for the RMA service to be cancelled Alan. At the same time, 
would I be able to obtain your permission to have this chat 
transcript be reviewed by higher management due to this 
unsatisfactory service Alan? Because I know ASUS will not be 
pleased.

Alan Sondheim Of course you have permission; I'm keeping a 
record myself. And I don't really think ASUS cares about its 
customers. I receive cut-and-paste responses to all my inquiries 
and nothing has happened. Just consider me a lost customer.

Gary G.If I were in your position Alan, I myself would be 
upset. In fact if you were to say right now that you are way 
past upset and in fact disappointed and felt cheated in this 
entire process, I could not fault you Alan. I can honestly do 
say based on my experience however Alan, that I essentially want 
you to know that getting to the bottom of this is just as 
important to ASUS as it is to you.

Alan Sondheim It's not important to me at this point. I want 
nothing to do with ASUS any more.

I have to go and get some sleep; I stayed up trying to deal with 
this problem for the past hour and a half.
Seriously, have a good night, or day, I'm not sure where you 
are. But I have to sleep. Apologies that you have to deal with 
this. Please make as sure as you can that ASUS does not contact 
me again, and that the repair is cancelled.

Gary G.I understand. If you would like, I can also provide a 
link where you can also express your bad experience to Corporate 
directly Alan.

Alan Sondheim No, I don't want to do anything. Do you 
understand? I want to GET TO SLEEP!
I'M THROUGH WITH ASUS!

Gary G.Okay, my apologies. The ASUS case number created for 
you for future reference is #:----------. Is there anything 
further 
you would like me to assist you with today?

Alan Sondheim Nothing at all and thanks, and apologies. I'm not 
going to take the case number. I don't want to contact them.

Have a good day.

Gary G.You are an important customer to us and we appreciate 
your business. Please take a moment to complete a short survey 
to let us know how we are doing.

Thank you again for choosing ASUS. Have a great day!

Gary G. has closed the chat.

Start the chat again



[ missing

k10% [
ksh: [: missing ]
k11% [
ksh: [: missing ]
k12% [
ksh: [: missing ]
k13% [
ksh: [: missing ]
k14% [ in action
ksh: [: missing ]
k15% [ in hospital
ksh: [: missing ]
k16% [ violence everywhere
ksh: [: missing ]
k17% [ loss of life
ksh: [: missing ]
k18% [ - negation
ksh: [: missing ]
k19% [ + deployment
ksh: [: missing ]
k20% [ > towards children
ksh: [: missing ]
k21% [ < missiles in arrears
ksh: cannot open missiles: No such file or directory
k22% [ < tunnels and catastrophic dead
ksh: cannot open tunnels: No such file or directory
k23% [ < safe houses and drones > napalm
ksh: cannot open safe: No such file or directory
k24% [ < safe houses and napalm > ]
ksh: cannot open safe: No such file or directory
k25% [ safe-houses
ksh: [: missing ]
k26% [ bodies
ksh: [: missing ]
k27% [ planes
ksh: [: missing ]
k28% [
ksh: [: missing ]
k29% [
ksh: [: missing ]
k30% [
ksh: [: missing ]
k31% [
ksh: [: missing ]

ABM, ASM, ATS, Asp, Asroc, Atlas, Atlas-Agena, Atlas-Centaur, 
Bullpup, Cajun, Corporal, Corvus, Crossbow, Dart, Deacon, Delta, 
Diamant, Dove, Falcon, Firebee, Genie, Hawk, Holy Moses, Hound 
Dog, ICBM, Irish confetti, Jupiter, Lacrosse, Lark, Loki, Loon, 
Mace, Matador, Navaho, Nike, Nike Ajax, Pershing, Petrel, 
Polaris, Poseidon, Quail, Ram, Rascal, Redeye, Redstone, Regulus 
I, SLAM, Saturn, Scout, Sentinel, Sergeant, Shillelagh, 
Sidewinder, Skybolt, Snark, Spaerobee, Sparrow, Subroc, Super 
Talos, Talos, Tartar, Terrier, Thor, Thor Able Star, Thor-Agena, 
Thor-Delta, Tiny Tim, Titan, V-2, Viking, WAC-Corporal, Wagtail, 
Zuni




fast drone strike kill

yes "another one is dead" > yy
drone outputs death, or, by default, dead forever.

another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead another one is dead another one is dead 
another one is dead



flowing and then some

http://www.alansondheim.org/flowing03.png

http://www.alansondheim.org/aborny.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/abornz.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/abornz1.mp3

Azure Carter, voice
Jon Woodson, guitar
Alan Sondheim, oud, erhu, suroz

can't watch any more death
death makes wonderful music 
then there's watching death
the wonder of watching death
"never you breath again"



From our AS220 performance last night

some images and video shot by Henry Warwick
(who also performed, and we might be able to
put up work of his, with permission!) -

http://www.alansondheim.org/a220s09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/as220nite.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/a220s05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/a220s07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/a220s17.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/a220s18.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/a220s22.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/a220s23.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/a220s25.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/a220s26.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/a220s28.jpg

Azure Carter, voice
Jon Woodson, guitar
Alan Sondheim, various



channeling medieval

https://www.google.com/search?q=bowlback+mandolin&num=20&newwindow=1&client=firefox-a&hs=ru9&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&channel=fflb&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ei=cHXWU6_aCZWoyASCrYL4BQ&ved=0CDUQsAQ&biw=1536&bih=769

http://www.alansondheim.org/medieval.mp3

Globe bowlback mandolin, American, 1890-1900

so generally I don't play mandolin but then it reminds me
of the oud in shape. so it's tuned probably a third or so
low so the instrument doesn't buckle. and then when I 
play I channel medieval, all these strange tunes coming
out, slow, fast, I don't know, they just do. they're just
weird., I mean the bowlback mandolins, not the tunes. well
the tunes aren't weird, they're like something out of 
Italy or England or something. but then they're pretty 
weird, I don't know where they came from, I just play them.
I don't get paid for it, but I just play them.



DEAR GOD SEND THIS VIRAL!!! SHARE COOL MEME!!!

The line recording of the AS220 event is damaged
beyond repair; there were computer errors. From
the debris of technophilia I produced a masterwork
of unmitigated delight, replete with voice changes
and confused brilliance resulting in even greater
brilliance! Listen and PASS THIS ON TO EVERYONE
YOU KNOW!!! Motto: THE WORLD OF ERRORS PRODUCES
BRILLIANCE!!!

http://www.alansondheim.org/a220s02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/goviral.mp3



mach machine

http://www.alansondheim.org/machmachine.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/machmachine.mp4

ch mchine gun crchine gun cr
chine gun crzy bomber field incoming
zy bomber field incoming

zy bomber field incoming
m
drone forever mber fossil fuel rhetoricdrone forever 
mber fossil fuel rhetoricl
mber fossil fuel rhetoric
l
l

nswers screnswers scre
nswers screming deming de
ming deth wish listed children
th wish listed children

th wish listed children

ndls incresing speed demon

ls incresing speed demon
crus
sing speed demon
ding v
zy
ching m
l nswers screnswers scre
ming
fossil fuel rhetoric
ls
th wish listed children crus
ch
sing speed demon fury 
chine gune crzy
chine gune cr
mach machine gun crazy bomber field incoming
drone forever amber fossil fuel rhetorical
answers screaming death wish listed children
crusading vandals increasing speed demon
fury approaching mach machine gun crazy
bomber field incoming drone forever amber
fossil fuel rhetorical answers screaming
death wish listed children crusading vandals
increasing speed demon fury approaching mach
machine gune crazy



mortise and center


http://www.alansondheim.org/curving.jpg

mortise, 
center

crease, 
of

a

hair-crown,

furrow,

forming

corner,

cornering 
red

reef,

flats, 
curving,

bare 
curved

horn,

gathering,

splitting, 
and

gathering 
seeds 
seeds,

white 
pulp,

scabbard,

shore 
driving

dweller 
down,

our

murmurs,

sediment,

dregs,

dregs

fruit, 
pelting

bloody 
chocolate,

imploring

an

upland

dweller, 
secret

looker,

hers

his, 
pavement,

the

heights

mortise, center
crease, of
center a
of hair-crown,
a furrow,
hair-crown, forming
furrow, a
forming corner,
corner, 
crease,
cornering red
red reef,
flats, curving,
bare curved
reef, horn,
curving, gathering,
curved cornering
horn, a
gathering, 
furrow,
splitting, and
gathering splitting,
and red
seeds seeds,
white pulp,
seeds, scabbard,
pulp, splitting,
scabbard, 
gathering
shore driving
dweller down,
driving our
down, murmurs,
our sediment,
murmurs, dregs,
sediment, dregs
dregs, of
dregs shore
fruit, pelting
pelting down,
bloody chocolate,
chocolate, imploring
imploring an
an upland
upland 
sediment,
dweller, secret
secret looker,
looker, hers
hers and
his, pavement,
pavement, the
the heights
heights
dweller,

mortise, crease, center of a hair-crown, furrow, forming a 
corner, cornering a furrow, red flats, bare reef, curving, 
curved horn, gathering, splitting, gathering and splitting, red 
seeds white seeds, pulp, scabbard, shore dweller driving down, 
our murmurs, sediment, dregs, dregs of sediment, fruit, pelting 
down, bloody chocolate, imploring an upland dweller, secret 
looker, hers and his, pavement, the heights




Hasapi Music!

http://www.alansondheim.org/hasa.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/hasa.mp3

http://www.alansondheim.org/hasapi.jpg

lucky Swift hasapi, pipa Oud figures performances. anniversary 
looms shelf hasapi. An online source described the instrument as 
the only one with a this regard): The hasapi is played with the 
opening (on the back) against clumped radiate music on the Toba 
hasapi they slide on the hasapi, paralleling hegelung and 
anything that comes hasapi, which has no frets two strings - 
drone and melody; and the yayli the hegelung is slightly over an 
octave, and the hasapi is variable but listing ,yayli tanbur 
,ukulele ,cobza ,hasapi ,cura cumbus ,hegelung, acoustic oud, 
large hasapi, ken bau with gourd bell (not jackfruit): (ken 
bau's amazing, hasapi sings, oud plays the canyons) hasapi 
threnody the hasapi is a fretless Indonesian instrument with two 
strings; baritone sax, ken bau, oud, hasapi, Tibetan symbols, 
pipa like the hasapi, oud, best w/ Chris' sax but will take 
small hasapi recorded at Eyebeam, through the vibrations my 
hasapi for YouTube!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
here's my hasapi for YouTube but they won't take it because it's 
"my hasapi song" and I worked on it, thank you. which are the 
most powerful I've heard; I've discovered my hasapi is also 
stressed out hasapi in a (digital) cathedral chambers and rooms 
with hasapi and motu this hasapi it is shaman staff it is power 
hasapi from bottom to top bottom takes advantage of hasapi phase 
playing

   105	hasapi threnody, playing       SOUND
    96	my hasapi for YouTube!!!!!
    62	hasapi from bottom to top

the hegelung and or one or more hasapi. the world is a skein, 
hasapi and hegelung perhaps, i'm not sure, notes somewhere, 
unknown situation [trying to find a home for melody on hasapi, 
laptops, and whether I should trade the hasapi and guzheng 
instruments in hasapi sings, oud plays the canyons) totally new 
oud music the new oud is lucky Swift hasapi, pipa Oud figures 
performances. anniversary looms shelf hasapi and motu some 
internal chambers which may or may not hasapi and cifteli 
changes in resonance as the hasapi is moved you can see the 
hasapi at please give a listen; the hasapi alone is bottom takes 
advantage of hasapi phase playing and long-necked saz and among 
you, hasapi... punch at; hasapi; lyre; the lyre. halfback.v 
hali.p haptic.p hart.p hasa.s hasapi.p hastac.tx hastac.t



rawww dusk

http://www.alansondheim.org/dusk.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/rawww.mp4

(to)ve)te (le((go (le(breakdraww (breakve)ne whom)whom) whom)who 
anndd tthheorretticcall issssuess; ppieccess arre ddrrawwnn 
ffrromm itt



Doing Philosophy: Two Origin Myths

http://www.alansondheim.org/origin.jpg

"The beginning of writing provides an origin that sloughs off 
into unknown trace is not only the disappearance -- within 
discourse "spoken to, we speak for first time, primordial (Think 
splayed out across phenomenological horizon, - it's source or 
gives rise to culture tends -X -> 0 X, in which historical 
figure marks a zero point / $ himmm mgmtgt guyggg goes forward 
(i.e. from creation) 2 Who determines position such cross occurs 
7 He, this creation, whether he formed it all > alive, at least 
during journery metalinguistic faculty discover interpreting A 
simply marker assign, like Cartesian Accounting Begin with O = 
(01,02,03,...0N), coordinates dim N Disordered thinking through 
language (I'm quotation) Europeans.) Thus said, when I seek 
Jennifer, and do, am primordial, things. One need look no 
further INPUT "set x,y 0,0 default; window -160,200/160,-200"; 
ex, why In other words, how do fragility play themselves cyber- 
Kitajima superior Yabe beauty preservation Oka thickly dense 
Leonardo, etc. makes mention their (Hindu) as Or: sprawl Iraq 
War. Representation negation. So what does following list tell 
us? That _this_ system Such writing. Soon be taken up by 
tradespeople every- The _gesture_ described Tran Duc Thao 
relevant pain death: horizon foreclosing its subject well. There 
holarch. There's 'beyond material' bound (and binding We have 
arrived power: negation death Yet idea book-as-model if dis- 
[[[repeating mythologies survival, rather given ges. word 
'codework' w s n Sondheim, actants implications basic level. 
carved emptiness retards engine against phoenix body so many 
days, space. ah! f shape roper (upright) odel ah, would return 
snow ice already filtered both proceed there's alt.flesh.sex; 
addict chatters scene language, _in absentia,_ fertile ground 
psychoanalytics collapse again node local vector end-point 
another begins just there where i you see equivalent. one 
escapes, disappears, becomes resonance third sentence, end, 
finality, foreclosure, frame problems organism; speciation 
regard are secondary. subverts result potentially destructive. 
Pierre angle, returning corner. odds was perceived originary 
inscription. attempt locate fundamental nature old author. Or 
think book constituting writing, each believer's explanation 
_mantra_ construction bluster speak, dead, divides reoccurs site 
other. What can logic distributivity fails, built name stands 
proper upright model sky but on contrary oriented toward very 
Word c:\performc:\skindanceorigin measurement obvious. course 
symbolization call _ruby,_ granting tenor heat, frisson, thrust, 
tem- cartesian last vestige ego mathematization category may go 
back Indo-European words chasm void my dark energy finitude 
comments. This precisely scattering/heaving breath- communities 
thinkers assign uniform continuous circulations looking senses 
small equivalences, transfiguration always ghost cosmos infla 
ion abyss unifica ma unification daughter melds erases us terms 
libraries deep created ruler, measured 'fits.' disordered (i'm 
dominion. "Neitherness," however, leaves entirely; duration 
surface number membership/belonging space time constants final 
itself? enemy. now enemy destroys us. say 'yes yes yes.' 
enumerated n, n', n'' note case, presumed er fini every sound 
i'm sure presencing 'so deny him possibility eternal extent 
information pervades ontology pursue it, face eyes.  faceless 
eyeless, deity song dance. He ferromagnetism, about metals, 
atoms, quarks, fn(2,2)=4 matrix end circuitry op amp negative 
feedback will blamed construct origin, among origins. virtual 
particles. And go, come from. hedges judges brightness dragon 
disgrace hell up. gets lost numbers, pulls out, shrieks here tat 
[sic] enters image earhones history has emission reverse. 
completion. completion cipher nought, substrate were gasp inexac 
ring inflation inexact penetrating flesh, layer after layer; 
ruptured broken involved never given; even remains, mystery, ude 
mul caused symbolic, haha. way down, requires nothing 
whatsoever, itself, material grounding Hebrew, lasts sense 
rooted body, your leftover residue light moon fills then pearl 
people line line, without code correctness, ality machinery; 
"zero" text, moment making phenomena, destruction phenomena 
mamam mime interview nub prep moments shaman skipe slonnui 
slorgasm mammoths. 'jumping-about.' 'jumping-about' mythical 
emperor kill us; feminist theory leads murder mother sister 
brother son microwave exoplane Just pirouettes, center them. Her 
flying SQUEAK forever churns she said die because I'm afraid 
natyasatrotpatti: refuse moon-bay, moon-bay.  avatars, ned, 
matter ideographic reference, ver- neither home nor place 
insertion. For much nowhere growing rate x than any objects, 
weathers, plateaus, height planar perhaps armature commencement 
(see sending). hand-craft official (government) path (of) 
ofge_origin me "Plethe oh they want jump bodies. dance deadly 
earth. oilrig oldindexl organ o oldaba ontic open orbiting orch 
ord order. blanket puts all; limb outcrop painting paraa parab 
parac organization difference institutionalization, 'death): 
mayhem vortex track dysfunction. valley proclaim alreay 
implicit. break beginning, don't anything though maybe they're 
grit corruption digital trembling potential net. These columns 
did disappear, constituted except recip- background stance 
well). Let consider regard, enumera- primitive recursion 
historical. systems portend radia string Dialectical 
Materialism, product masterful origins life world mind, mind 
inter- otherwise should pears. tabulations histories, lifeforms 
origintes cypherpunk bre("cyberpunk," surfing) tes others 
(altrui), same, violent religious asceticism. peach tree grew 
pit, orchard, plymouth colony, rendering our mutual possess 
discrete spread, dissemination. problematic, deferred. 
annihilated. prostheses imploded big one? delight repeatedly 
born flame; time. Daishin Nikuko, Freud, course, castrated 
failure My music well; nowhere; resonant itself. [This 
important; h rocally nonorigin, trace, thus results recognize 
answers being-hooked, 56/21. (ontological) absent; (physical, 
scription. also self-fulfilling; second space, unfolds, rimmed 
in- seemed were, not, anyone, lines short-circuit longing 
nostalgia sig. inaccessible problem signifier incision, 
disturbance, splits Pale Pale. (its) perfect absence. Like 
current state situated camera, eye, within. Locked darkness, 
skeins. It's necessary remember pixels, clear skilling, thanks 
weather delays kept them two some ideas her workrk fury 
twenty-six teethth stared something flies highway dissipation 
vectors destination; spew wider emission, implies sort 
standing-place, fame empty study (creates) sage benevolence must 
accorded due importance. (Walter Benjamin, t earphones establish 
origin: 'landscape' develops, origin. guy hangs there, claims 
dead _closed set_; opens tendrils memory memory, grows, 
striations, form speech APPA deconstructs/reconstructs grid, 
situates itself (its own _historical._ everything! language; 
hear subject, scanning placement null point, arbitrary conven- 
that's identified moving tool; thermophilic hot springs bacteria 
Thermophilic envelop universes vac denouement suturing mourning, 
entombment, causeless Austria Bavaria, traced early 1800's. 
_corner._ leave suicide (doctor-put-meaning stab topology, 
invades universe, remains striated without, inchoate within, 
visible, hiding behind things... wandering. Plagiarizing Kraus, 
plagiarism existed poetics world. hallucinated korea, story 
production (although world's cracking jittery notion cold brown 
fox y axes, below navel; coloration red, black, yield temptation

TEXT 0 ZERO INTERNET - preliminary Alan consists 14 sections, 
well an alphabet-text extension.] is a meditation on philosophy, 
psychology, poli- tical economy, psychoanalytics (computer) 
communica- tion. It describes phenomenology "electronic 
subject," user who plugged into computer correspondent or 
researcher. dedicated to Michael Current, my co-moderator 
Cybermind list, passed away recently. The text divided eight 
labeled Net1-8; sections are also given following titles: Net1: 
Text, approx. 82k Net2: Love Net, 84k Net3: Web 89k Net4: Clara 
86k Net5: Singularities Net6: Secret Net7, Net 8: each. first 
three texts form core volume; forms volume. These develop 
analysis based protocol, spew, emission, recognition, address, 
imaginary, murmur, uncanny. should be read order; only section 
traditional form, however. (It returned continuous REWRITE 
itself others.) last five open up, encompassing other areas 
fourth includes work "the science fiction story," for example, 
fifth projection/introjection relation "real" correspondents 
BBS, email, lists, Usenet. Parts final deal with death, hacking, 
"stuttering" communication. All have been ASCII files; there 
graphics, how- ever, that can generated by running several 
qbasic programs files. I envision single work. style difficult 
times, format changes radically from one another. But reflect 
content, rapidly spreading relatively new communication planet. 
(Incidentally, much applies telephony well.) reader 
self-generating, if were inner voice. What am attempting new; 
bear texts, they will prove rewarding. Keywords: connect: 
electronic subject, grain, exhausiton, obdurate, uncanny, 
projection/introjection, _chora_, devouring, liquidity, bridge, 
pipeline, node, transitivity, gesture, web inversion. Usage: may 
distributed any medium indeed, urge you do so provided credited 
authorship. would appreciate return comments have. Also, some 
recommendations: include body message: subscribe cybermind <your 
email address> FICTION-OF-PHILOSOPHY Louis Althusser: THE FUTURE 
LASTS FOREVER Mark Poster: MODE OF INFORMATION Guido Ceronetti, 
SILENCE BODY Alphonso Lingis, EXCESSES COMMUNITY THOSE WHO HAVE 
NOTHING IN COMMON TeRry Winograd Fernando Flores: UNDERSTANDING 
COMPUTERS AND COGNITION Paul Virilio, WAR CINEMA Avital Ronell, 
TELEPHONE BOOK Merlin Donald, ORIGINS MODERN MIND Julia 
Kristeva, REVOLUTION POETIC LANGUAGE Verena Conley, RETHINKING 
TECHNOLOGIES PERFORATIONS magazine (contact zeug@pd.org) 
Benedikt, CYBERSPACE Sondheim, DISORDERS REAL (shameless plug) 
Pierre Bourdieu, AN INVITATION TO REFLEXIVE SOCIOLOGY Michel 
Serres, PARASITE (and anything else get!) Anything P.J. Harvey 
(music) INTRODUCTION AS A WHOLE Years ago, gave lecture Ontario 
College Art, which interaction described production program 
space. space characterized absolute control; responds one-to-one 
basis input. If enters command, either command carried out, 
various errors occur. Computer games carry this step farther 
game deliberately what _do,_ creating sense dominated 
environment. Today, situation completely different, particularly 
communicative modalities usenet groups, IRC (Internet Relay 
Chat), forth. Within next years, least seventy-five million 
users on-line, grows, it becomes leaky, ungainly, noisy. More 
than user's personality (on- off-line) plays major role his her 
interaction. On hand, machine interface still determines great 
extent nature interaction; other, tendency (want to) "see past" 
machinery, heart Other. extended environment communication, 
psychology philosophy exchange. As such, concerned primarily 
virtual subjectivity simultaneous presence absence user, sorts 
libidinal projections result, flamewars, ontological 
epistemological issues underlie these processes. begins brief, 
almost corrosive, account subject concepts Address, Protocol, 
Recognition. This "reduces" packets information, sputterings, 
ontology self Otherness _your_ recognition me responsible 
Net-presence. reduction then break down through series further 
detailing presence, both sexualized/ gendered, absenting, result 
_imaginary site._ Almost all "short-waves, long-waves." former 
individual themselves, variety styles, referencing number 
writers ranging Jabes Blanchot Acker Bataille, Sartre, Karl 
Kraus somewhere middle. interrelated; occasion "characters" 
appear _actants,_ conveying certain psychological philosophical 
ideas beyond within exposi- tory prose. long-waves 
content-sites, such love, embodiment, "granularity real," 
physical reality, forth, interpenetrate short-waves, connecting 
them. During writing Current (now deceased) began conference, 
moderating has led serious considerations hackers, "free" net 
tion, flaming, Eventually, become clear every- thing revolves 
around _on_ but very real _elsewhere._ So evolved more perhaps 
dominant modes _being_ millennium. Finally, noted no conclusions 
drawn protocol statements declarations sort ultimate defining 
explanatory position. entire history mitigates against this; 
instead, side Schlegels, Nietzsche, Jabes, others, whom fragment 
crucial understanding contemporary life... wish thank Chris 
Keep, Robert Withers their help encouragement. published Perfor- 
ations Crash (Thread Waxing Space). Hielo. INDEX.TXT 
INTERNET.TXT contains theorizing internet its relationship 
emerging dominate post-industrial world century briefly 
introduces parts order appear. presents overall theory midst 
inter- net. subtexts: FILE TEXT, DEFINITION begin reiterative 
structure whole; EXIT continues this. Although numbered, does 
not necessarily logical consequence subcategories. TERMINAL ECHO 
precedes composition reflects same concerns. NIPPLE discussion 
sexualization affect net; (literally) position margin, reversal 
process. ...PORTIA... process guise fiction. LOVING HONEY 
alterity chat-line, `granularity' face-to-face electrically- 
mediated relationships. STUTTER discusses DELAY SPEW brief 
overview formal mathematics structures unusual degrees symmetry 
a-symmetry; limits, produces fractal radially-symmetric regimes, 
appearance chaos elsewhere. underlying symmetricizing operations 
useful thinking later texts. skipped over necessary. GLOBAL 
paper Public Domain group, theor- izing identity technology. <> 
LOVE ON MORE texts; continuing raised HONEY. lol (LAUGHING OUT 
LOUD) acronym used teleconferencing; here concretely symbol 
symmetricizing, term mutual engagement. follows thread started 
NIPPLE, PORTIA, HONEY, others. THREAD carries mode, act composi- 
tion decomposition. DEATH completes mode cooling down. 
<<Supplementary Texts: <<IRRESOLUTION NEW COMMUNICATIONS ORDER 
examines future <<hysteria instantaneous. <<LISTING SIDE 
JOANLESS transforms hallucinatory <<the face negation RL (real 
life). <<THE END WORLD end world. <<AN ATTEMPT INDUCE SORCERY 
construct <<inhabitation imaginary. <<HONEY I, INHABITING THIS 
NETWORK WHICH FEAR MAY ELSEWHERE DYING <<is thinning eternal 
love myself. <<HYSTERIA DRIVER /INTER/NETWORK USE THEORIZING 
<<and hysteria again. <<JOAN.NOVEL uncanny narratology 
denouement <<ellipsis murmuring memory. <<DRG.TXT addiction JOAN 
initial supplement, finality. <<<*WHEN ELDERS LOSE THEIR TRUE 
POSITION* is, reiteration, again <<<or once (moreover...) 
fantasm real. <<<USER.TXT clarifies users, addictions, drugs, 
articulations, truth, <<<in text, internet, TEXT. <<<ABSOLUTE 
PLEASURE IMPENETRABLE BEAUTY TIFFAY, <<<ineffable sublime, ah 
Lyotard... <<<THE FORM RADICAL PRESENCE CREATED ALONE, presences 
<<<of lovely, of... <<<Note: vary slightly.>>> <<<<*WEB TEXT*: 
SEE SEPARATE TABLE CONTENTS.>>>> 0. Prolegomena: iterative 
internet. Traditional cultural categories highly problematic, 
communications life-form. instead EMISSION, SPEW, ADDRESS, 
RECOGNITION, PROTOCOL. essay, always preliminary, proceeds 
numbered paragraphs, rewrite. 1. network membrane composed 
nodes, better considered intensifications. An intensification 
possesses interactive emission. emission inputs/outputs, 
introjections/projections: -jectivity. occurs steep topographic 
region; distinctions between hardware software blurred, 
divisions (subject/ object, body/world, mind/brain). 2. In fact, 
clearly replaced organic episteme; constitutes knowledge flow; 
data replaces history; sourceless. Rather channels, consider 
geodesics; rather geodesics, forced flows; flows, emissions. 3. 
input, output; fragmented images, symbolic flux; problematizes 
energy consumption, since simultaneously drain 
produce/reproduce. chaotic domain vicinity unstable attractor; 
escaping, quickly loses history, historiography, temporality 
itself. Close speed light, exists temporal 4. enormous hypertext 
whose linkages thin, occasionally break, redundant. neither 
fuzzy set nor classical one; fast-forward topology, escapes 
partitioning. deals constantly changing facial expressions; 
never without alterity, (supine) absorption. clouds close me; 
ontologically, escaping denotation; Thus related excess, 
surplus, curlicue dia- critical mark, absents these, absenting 
ignorance constructs waste-product; blindness site. 5. To hold 
onto part body, sever part, construe re- devour it, tear surface 
off: searches skinned (which murmur memory pain), articulation 
truth one's own lost good search out bondage, restrains absent 

+++



Sentinal and Bowlback and Gambus

Bowlback and Gambus 

http://www.alansondheim.org/gambus1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/gambus2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bowlback.jpg 

For those who want to see the gambus - gambus selodang? 
seludang? malaya? - and the bowlback mandolin - Globe, 
1890-1900

Sentinal

http://www.alansondheim.org/sentinal1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/sentinal.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/sentinal2.png

163. Specification: In that -----, while posted as a sentinel, 
did, at 167. Specification: In that -----, while posted as a 
sentinel, did, at avatar bails, object remains sentinel on 
another parcel, avatar visits, senfinal



after Gampopa

and more, one will renounce all structure, all things,
the manifold of worlds, visible and invisible, the 
afflicted, will decrease, spheres remains spheres,
angles remain angles, and afflicting emotions, these
too will pass, the shore of the sea recedes into the
shore of the sea, the depths of the sea surrounds the
depths of the sea, and more, all is forsaken, one
knows not, knows neither the depths of the shore, nor
the shore of the depths, the afflicted will decrease

http://www.alansondheim.org/woodsons28.jpg

http://www.alansondheim.org/treebreath.mp4

look for the songs and whispers a million years ago
and the death of these songs. look for my breath and
songs and the death of these songs. of my breath, 
i have exhausted the air and the earth. of my songs,
of my songs, i have worn through water and fire. 
now then i will sing of these for you among the
leaves. now then the bird shall sing me, i am of
those species, i renounce being man or woman. 
and in time i have been renounced. and before time,
i am no longer sung.




Postformance

http://www.alansondheim.org/aleph.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/RIP.mp4 
http://www.alansondheim.org/alef.jpg

Postformance from 2009 at AS220, Providence, RI, 
with Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azure Carter, Alan Sondheim
Finally processed reasonably from infra-red video.
A chance to see the departed Foofwa now resident in
Geneva and Europe.
He is doing an avadance, word Kira Sedlock, in an
outfit. He is very good at everything he does and 
was congratulated.
Azure was good singing and also performing sometimes
and Alan was in Second Life and didn't have to be 
good. My eyes are hurting from this first screening
of this unique event.


Cavern </> the cave game

http://www.alansondheim.org/cave148.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cavern.mp4

You descend, e, e, w, w, e, s, n, e, you are within a vast 
cavern of hallowed twisty passages, churinga markings -

And falls from caverns in my body. I hollow out and become a 
space; people sad. Protocol parallel ports form lairs, caverns, 
webs, where serial scarifications, churinga markings, ochred 
hands on cavern walls, the very Swollen by river's wake by 
cavern opening cavern awakened by the river's not know, your 
blood flow through me dwsd, my teeth your caverns, your through 
me dwsd, my teeth your caverns, your skull my caves. dwsd not 
know, your blood flow through me dwsd, my teeth your caverns, 
your flow through me dwsd, my teeth your caverns, your skull my 
caves. dwsd know, your blood flow through me dwsd, my teeth your 
caverns, your skull caverns chaos collapsing constant covered 
cutting, dawns, day, dead. No one answered. Furious electric 
whirlwinds dominated hollowed caverns That I never will be able 
to stop crying or falling into the cavern or cauldron of death, 
even before or beyond the cavern or cauldron of death. Swollen 
by river's wake by cavern opening cavern awakened by the river's 
not know, your blood flow through me dwsd, my teeth your 
caverns, your through me dwsd, my teeth your caverns, your skull 
my caves. dwsd not know, your blood flow through me dwsd, my 
teeth your caverns, your flow through me dwsd, my teeth your 
caverns, your skull my caves. dwsd know, your blood flow through 
me dwsd, my teeth your caverns, your skull caverns chaos 
collapsing constant covered cutting, dawns, day, dead. No one 
answered. Furious electric whirlwinds dominated hollowed caverns 
That I never will be able to stop crying or falling into the 
cavern or cauldron of death, even before or beyond the cavern or 
cauldron of death. Emote caverns legs mouths liquid teeth of 
blood!

	dark organ music, long o so low tones from darkened 
caverns million turns a second. my heart gapes like the caverns 
of yore, caves vallis_ 'hollowed valley,' and _cavernae_ 
'caverns' from the _cavatio_ women seek caverns in response, 
roam headlong through valleys hollowed and dust or percolation 
or sponge, speared through and through by sky, caverns, Can you 
not see that I was disheveled in the cavern, wild and wayward in 
ing, beds heated with double warmths, caverns glistening in 
motivation
                                O cavernous love O emerald bone 
and filE "Within the cavern Donna Donnatelli roamed in 
impenetrable blackness Tiffany, imperceiving the cavern of Donna 
Donnatelli, not exactly a syzygy or rearrangement at the edge 
descendent or cwm of the cavern," their sort,_ forthcoming from 
the caverns of the subconscious; Donna roars everywhere, 
resonances from tombs and caves, caverns and dells, more without 
the cavern - this only matters from the viewpoints of topography 
(says no one) from beneath the ground and its cavern: would tell 
and name. You stood dazed in the middle of the cavern, leaning 
beneath the caverns, &C1&D2 S7=60 S11=55 S0=0 & here it begins

					  a cavern or hollow mind
Alan Sondheim>> but und or appearance of a cavern or hollow mind 
not know, your blood flow through me dwsd, my teeth your 
caverns, your through me dwsd, my teeth your caverns, your skull 
my caves. dwsd not know, your blood flow through me dwsd, my 
teeth your caverns, your flow through me dwsd, my teeth your 
caverns, your skull my caves. dwsd know, your blood flow through 
me dwsd, my teeth your caverns, your skull photographing inside 
animal holes and those cavernous spaces beneath the 
caverns chaos collapsing constant covered cutting, dawns, day, 
dead. No one answered. Furious electric whirlwinds dominated 
hollowed caverns your cavern none across my place

hollow out; cavernous, wrung with the memory of weeping, thick 
braids ous caverns that must lie beneath the asphalt. No one 
around but her, to a cave: down the winding cavern we groped our 
tedious way, till a cavern or kneeling where the entrance 
closed, Tiffany's bees of desire Beautiful finality. The cavern 
shuddered beneath the weight of a sun Within the cavern Donna 
Donnatelli roamed in impenetrable blackness cavern, you could 
see them shifting, an indecipherable increment, an increment 
installed by Tiffany, imperceiving the cavern of Donna 
descendent or cwm of the cavern, the walls sluggish with the 
pleasure walks by the fire-cavern, stars wheeling through the 
rain, faint sound Beautiful finality. The cavern shuddered 
beneath the weight of a sun Within the cavern Donna Donnatelli 
roamed in impenetrable blackness cavern or kneeling where the 
entrance closed, Tiffany's bees of desire cavern, you could see 
them shifting, an indecipherable increment, an descendent or cwm 
of the cavern, the walls sluggish with the pleasure increment 
installed by Tiffany, imperceiving the cavern of Donna walks by 
the fire-cavern, stars wheeling through the rain, faint sound 
hollows of the cavern, each to its own, allocations echoing back 
to the The hanger was large and cavernous and damp. The ground 
was hard and Apostolic ... true miracle of the walls of caves 
... caverns looming of the lords of compression. Orcs leave 
their caverns for final furious show it. cavernous lead south. 
on scrawled inscription, "fee fie foe foo" farthest cavern 
blood-red glare, giving every- thing eerie, macabre >> but und 
or appearance of a cavern or hollow mind ano cavern hollowre 
``interven minds remain universalaster every g.txt:Emote caverns 
legs mouths liquid teeth of blood! That I never will be able to 
stop crying or falling into the cavern or cauldron of death, 
even before or beyond the cavern or cauldron of death. m. 
protruding spaces, caverns, inverted cones, scanning, scanned 
Can you not see that I was disheveled in the cavern, wild and 
wayward in rangement at the edge descendent or cwm of the 
cavern, dong my bdding. My rearrangement at the edge descendent 
or cwm of the cavern, why fly, cwm descendent, or cwm of the 
cavern, the walls sluggish with the pleasure of the edge 
descendent, or cwm of the cavern, doing my bidding. my awkward 
or cwm of the cavern, the walls sluggish with the pleasure 
descendent or cwm of the cavern, the walls sluggish with the 
pleasure

                                O cavernous love O emerald bone 
and filE ululations, weeping in caverns untitled groans from 
caverns howls, something's there

   103 untitled groans from caverns howls, something's there 
cavern song; I think of this as the origins of the epic Drones 
invert the sound and its rhapsodic; the cavern extends churns. 
The cavern is the world reliant on atmosphere, on air, on is in 
the material itself, the depths of the cavern. The left hand

  dark organ music, long o so low tones from darkened caverns 
tight into cavern," doing my bidding. my runes are my piercings, 
my body a was once the legs and caverns between them. You never 
know cavernous, wrung weeping, braids curl bathing underground 
lake. silver receding car. tween glitter, edge-pointed lights, 
lumin- ous caverns mill cave: cavern tedious boundless appear'd 
immensity; said: 'if commit funloving": wandered cavern, 
shifting, imperceiving donnatelli, "always you" fire-cavern, 
sizzling flesh: tramping, radiant presence: thunderstorms, 
exhalations...) assemblage filigree-cavern, intrusions is,_ 
restored spaceship. hanger cavernous damp. dry. suns tension. 
beings, resistance and the harmony of caverns beneath our 
feet... filmmaker Leslie Thornton, will transform Track 16 
Gallery~Rs cavernous hollow out; cavernous, wrung with the 
memory of weeping, thick braids ous caverns that must lie 
beneath the asphalt. No one around but her, to a cave: down the 
winding cavern we groped our tedious way, till a cavern or 
kneeling where the entrance closed, Tiffany's bees of desire 
Beautiful finality. The cavern shuddered beneath the weight of a 
sun Within the cavern Donna Donnatelli roamed in impenetrable 
blackness cavern, you could see them shifting, an indecipherable 
increment, an increment installed by Tiffany, imperceiving the 
cavern of Donna descendent or cwm of the cavern, the walls 
sluggish with the pleasure walks by the fire-cavern, stars 
wheeling through the rain, faint sound Beautiful finality. The 
cavern shuddered beneath the weight of a sun Within the cavern 
Donna Donnatelli roamed in impenetrable blackness cavern or 
kneeling where the entrance closed, Tiffany's bees of desire 
cavern, you could see them shifting, an indecipherable 
increment, an descendent or cwm of the cavern, the walls 
sluggish with the pleasure increment installed by Tiffany, 
imperceiving the cavern of Donna walks by the fire-cavern, stars 
wheeling through the rain, faint sound hollows of the cavern, 
each to its own, allocations echoing back to the The hanger was 
large and cavernous and damp. The ground was hard and hollow 
out; cavernous, wrung with the memory of weeping, thick braids, 
cavernous and damp!



Performance Collapse

http://www.alansondheim.org/amocap009.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/odyperform.mp4

This is from Odyssey, probably a performance festival - 
general collapse of the environment, platform, everyone
falls into the sea - lots to say here, but I'm editing
in the Providence Airport on the way to Denver with Azure
to visit her parents, better to travel mentally light,
reserve the thinking for later, for example, after we
leave the Starbucks ecosystem. -




Our Big Planestrip Stutter Raster Rapture "passing time"

http://www.alansondheim.org/blanks013.jpg but
http://www.alansondheim.org/aeroliner.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/aeroliner.mp4

involved in fact in work dealing with the phenomenology
of the blank, but this is just on the way and there is
a longer investigation in the works. time is taken.

meanwhile, as well, the Homeland Security / Federal
Building in Providence does an evacuation drill, and
watch closely the man in the center of the image: what
is he thinking, is he a minute-man?

http://www.alansondheim.org/drilldrill.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/drilldrill.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/drilldrill.mp4




doing philosophy: blank phenomenology


blank phenomenology


( http://www.alansondheim.org/blanks047.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/blankn.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/blanks046.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/blanks050.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/blanks051.jpg )

a question for us, of annihilation, and it is the question that 
defines us, not the emptiness of an answer, or an answer 
dissolved and lost in the cataclysm of history. and all history 
is local history.

the blankness, pursuant to speech, the chora, but already the 
collapse of speech, memory of the signifier, no distinctions 
will be crossed, we scrabble keeping the edge of the game going 
and going, we are ontologically emptied, projecting into 
nothing, we beseech the same vacuum, beseech the same. 

suppose The Writing of the Disaster were no writing at all. 
suppose it were a blank page. 

we perform and i'm trapped; younger people go to edgier 
concerts, our music is edgy; older people won't go; younger 
people want to hear younger people. i'm invisible. my sex is a 
blank; while i wait for a stroke, i wait in absence.

Kant, Critique of Pure Reason, "Now every sensation has a degree
or magnitude whereby, in respect of its representation of an 
object otherwise remaining the same, it can fill out one and the 
same time, that is, occupy inner sense more or less completely,
down to its cessation in nothingness (_=0=negatio_). There 
therefore exists a relation and connection between reality and
negation, or rather a transition from the one to the other, 
which makes every reality representable as a quantum. The
schema of a reality, as the quantity of something in so far as
it fills time, is just this continuous and uniform production of
that reality in time as we successively descend from a 
sensation which has a certain degree to its vanishing point, or
progressively ascend from its negation to some magnitude of it."

we descend from blank to blank; the null set will not be a
condition or a quantity or the absence of such quantity or a
contract of such absence. 

it is hard to disentangle the violent marked death of an other
elsewhere on the planet, from the blank which is a pretense of
a real always descending. the chain of being is a disappearance.
reading a text, this or an/other, is a retardation, of course,
of the inevitable; subject to imminent flow, the phenomenology
of history, it is displaced from itself, elsewhere - the 
elsewhere is embedded in the writing, what i might call the
cicatrix of the abject.

we do not write the abject, do not write within the abject. we
defend within the cicatrix. it is within the position of the
_game,_ to create the clean and proper body of the text, of
the island of temporary life; and it is the _corporate_ that
skims the abject, buries it with enumeration. one might think
that the numeric is the serration, the raster, of the blank.

'one might think' - 'one is permitted to think' - 'one is
thinking now' - 'now is the time for thought' - 'for thinking
through blankness' - 'through the throwing up of hands' 'in 
the face of' - 'for awaiting the stroke' - 'of midnight' - 
'of the brain' - 'of the short-circuiting of the brain' - 'of
the short-circuitry of the brain' - 

the blank short-circuits the abject; the abject short-circuits
thought, thinking; 'one might think' [...] 'that thought
proceeds in health' - 'that all thought is healthy thought' -
'things fall apart' -

the blank when we see nothing in the sky or air or water, 
when there is no data, when noise circumvents data, when the
rules of the game and gamespace disappear, when the edge of
the gamespace forms a nub or lip, when there is catastrophe.

or the blank when there is no witness and therefore no death,
when there is a foreshadowing of the unremarkable. 

or when the 'therefore' no longer carries weight or consequence,
when the 'therefore' is no longer in passing, or history -

this writing always already in a state of dissolution, just as,
in English, 'always already' is marked as a blank phrase, that
old and therefore outmoded theory, theorizing, just as 'theory' 
draws, no longer draws, a blank or blanks.

i would say 'i await you,' 'i am waiting'; i would say many
things, but doesn't saying depend on a permanency, a seeing of
the forever-world, isn't it a breathing in an air cleansed of
impurities, in a polluted air, an irretrievable air?

what of this air, what of the space of this air? 

(of of this text, what of the space of this text?)


