

*/rereading this, it doesn't help at all = it doesn't help
_me_ at all - I had a dream recently, a body in shadow, I
turned the corner, it/he ran up behind me and started
choking me, I woke up gasping for breath, felt I'd almost
died. I need to write, write, write, until it goes away; 
I need to write write write forever/*




Orphaned 

http://www.alansondheim.org/narra10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/stingray.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/preserve72.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/is2.jpg

media debris - orphaned images/audio/video
the underwing moth airsacs seaweed
the dark sky the stingray - missile? spacecraft?
delivery vehicle?
but these were done within one or another semantics
design of the poetics/poesis? of _inherent_ interest?
orphaned/abandoned, but something's there, murmured -
perhaps to the _side_ of memory, peripheral
Peirce's intervals - slippages - continuum of wonder
 and ecstasy
and yet -




ISIS film: Light at the End of the Tunnel


http://www.alansondheim.org/lightattheend.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/lightattheend.mp4

The video is 2 hours 15 minutes 12.12 seconds - in other words
roughly the length of a Blockbuster which is the case with
Light at the End of the Tunnel. Please watch Light at the End
of the Tunnel until the End. You will be Amazed at Light at 
The End of the Tunnel. You will be Pure-Perfect and Ready for
any Emergency. There will be Emergency and you will be Ready.
For it.

...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins wounding himself, hes 
...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins hurting himself, hes 
...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins slashing himself, hes 
...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins slicing himself, hes 
...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins touching himself, hes 
...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins smashing himself, hes 
the end of the tunnel at his back has
the end of the tunnel at his back



ISISconstellation

http://www.alansondheim.org/x.jpg

hurtful, adversity associate, to to to trembling, lead guide, 
feed, to to a evil, badness, badness, badness, companion choose 
cause consume, protect, pasture-ground, feed tremble famished, 
hunger noise, moisten, evil, wicked, rejoicing, a bit-mouth; 
misfortune, feed feed, to a tremble, scarcity famish to suffer 
hunger, wretchedness wretchedness wretchedness to suffer cause 
let hunger, tremble to a a cause badness, bridle, of city 
hideous, traffic thought, to famish quake, terror to govern, to 
to to a evil, badness, badness, evil, a choose cause to govern, 
a to to hungry, suffer thought, to unhappy, in dew bridle, 
suffering, to shepherd, pasture-ground, feed to famine, famish 
cause suffer to wretchedness wretchedness wretchedness hunger, 
suffer to famish famine, to feed to to feed misfortune, curb, of 
Assyria bad, an moisten, desire hunger hungry, tremble to 
pasture-ground, protect, to cause choose companion badness, 
badness, badness, evil, a to to feed, guide, to terror quake, 
let hunger, neighbour trade, unpleasant, lamentation a drops 
bursting evil, to a a terror tremble hunger, let cause to to 
wretchedness wretchedness wretchedness hunger, hunger to hungry, 
scarcity tremble, a conduct, feed, to destruction, the station 
exultation, evil, evil, to thunder to exhausted to a to a 
consume, to choose companion badness, badness, badness, evil, a 
feed pasture, to to lead shake scarcity to to fellow, 
misfortune, hurtful, lamentation of ruins, companion companion 
pasture, govern, lead trembling, to exhausted to to to to 
wretchedness wretchedness wretchedness hunger, hunger hunger, 
famished, to shake to to consume, for shepherd, teeth, in shout 
mischievous, wrong, friend, badness, to hunger, tremble, flock, 
conduct, shepherd, to to for companion badness, badness, 
badness, evil, for feed to shepherd, conduct, flock, to famine, 
to wickedness, companion, mischief, malignant, of the the 
friend, for consume, guide, to shake quake, famished, hunger, 
hunger hunger, to wretchedness wretchedness to to to to 
exhausted quake, trembling, lead govern, to a friend, jaws 
desert joy, noxious, misfortune, fellow, wretchedness hunger, 
scarcity shake to to to pasture, feed for evil, badness, 
badness, badness, companion for to to a to a tremble, exhausted 
cause thunder wet wickedness, evil, exultation, station the 
wickedness choose to to flock, to to hungry, hunger, hunger 
hunger, wretchedness wretchedness wretchedness to to to to 
exhausted to terror to protect, to evil, breaking drops a 
lamentation unpleasant, adversity associate, hunger, let to 
trembling, lead guide, feed, to to a evil, badness, badness, 
badness, companion choose cause consume, protect, 
pasture-ground, feed tremble famished, hunger noise, moisten, 
evil, wicked, rejoicing, a bit-mouth; misfortune, feed to to a 
tremble, scarcity famish to suffer hunger, wretchedness 
wretchedness wretchedness to suffer cause let hunger, tremble to 
a shepherd, cause badness, bridle, of city hideous, traffic 
thought, to famish quake, terror to govern, to to to a evil, 
badness, badness, evil, a choose cause to govern, a to to 
hungry, suffer thought, to unhappy, in dew bridle, suffering, to 
shepherd, pasture-ground, to to famine, let cause suffer to 
wretchedness wretchedness wretchedness hunger, suffer to famish 
famine, to feed to to feed misfortune, curb, of Assyria bad, an 
moisten, desire hunger hungry, tremble feed pasture-ground, 
protect, to cause choose companion badness, badness, badness, 
evil, a to to feed, guide, to trembling, quake, let hunger, 
neighbour trade, unpleasant, lamentation a drops bursting evil, 
to a a terror tremble hunger, let cause to to wretchedness 
wretchedness wretchedness hunger, hunger to hungry, scarcity 
tremble, a conduct, feed, to destruction, the station 
exultation, evil, wickedness, to thunder to exhausted to a to a 
consume, to choose companion badness, badness, badness, evil, a 
feed pasture, to to lead shake scarcity to to fellow, 
misfortune, hurtful, lamentation of ruins, companion companion 
pasture, govern, lead trembling, to exhausted to to to to 
wretchedness wretchedness wretchedness hunger, hunger hunger, 
famished, to shake to to consume, for shepherd, the in shout 
mischievous, wrong, friend, badness, to hunger, tremble, flock, 
conduct, shepherd, to feed for companion badness, badness, 
badness, evil, for feed to shepherd, conduct, flock, to famine, 
to wickedness, companion, mischief, malignant, of the the 
shepherd, for consume, guide, to shake quake, famished, hunger, 
hunger hunger, to wretchedness wretchedness to to to to 
exhausted quake, trembling, lead govern, to a companion jaws 
desert joy, noxious, misfortune, fellow, wretchedness hunger, 
scarcity shake to to to pasture, feed for evil, badness, 
badness, badness, companion for to to a to a tremble, exhausted 
cause thunder wet wickedness, evil, exultation, station the 
wickedness choose to to flock, to to hungry, to hunger hunger, 
wretchedness wretchedness wretchedness to to to to exhausted to 
terror to protect, to evil, breaking drops a lamentation 
unpleasant, trade, associate, hunger, let to trembling, lead 
guide, feed, to to a evil, badness, badness, badness, companion 
choose cause consume, protect, pasture-ground, feed tremble 
famished, hunger noise, moisten, an bad, Assyria a bit-mouth; 
misfortune, feed to to a tremble, scarcity famish to suffer 
hunger, wretchedness wretchedness wretchedness to suffer cause 
let hunger, tremble to pasture-ground, shepherd, cause badness, 
bridle, of city hideous, traffic thought, to famish quake, 
terror a govern, to to to a evil, badness, badness, evil, a 
choose cause to govern, a to to famish suffer thought, to 
unhappy, in dew bridle, suffering, to shepherd, pasture-ground, 
to to famine, let cause suffer to wretchedness wretchedness 
wretchedness hunger, suffer to famish famine, to feed to to feed 
misfortune, curb, of Assyria bad, an moisten, desire hunger 
famished, tremble feed pasture-ground, protect, consume, cause 
choose companion badness, badness, badness, evil, a to to feed, 
guide, to trembling, to let hunger, neighbour trade, unpleasant, 
lamentation a drops bursting evil, to a a terror tremble hunger, 
let cause to to wretchedness wretchedness wretchedness hunger, 
hunger to hungry, scarcity to a conduct, feed, to destruction, 
the station exultation, evil, wickedness, to thunder to 
exhausted to a to a consume, to choose companion badness, 
badness, badness, evil, a feed pasture, to to to shake scarcity 
to wretchedness fellow, misfortune, noxious, joy, desert ruins, 
companion companion pasture, govern, lead trembling, to 
exhausted to to to to wretchedness wretchedness wretchedness 
hunger, hunger hunger, famished, to shake to guide, consume,

bad, bad, lamentation hideous, mischievous, shout wicked, evil, 
evil, of hurtful, wrong, malignant, noxious, noxious, malignant, 
unhappy, an hurtful, hideous, hideous, hideous, mischief, 
wickedness, unpleasant, evil, evil, evil, guide, misfortune, 
wrong, mischief, misfortune, evil, traffic to adversity trade, 
traffic trade, wet wet traffic moisten, to to desire fellow, 
adversity friend, companion, companion, misfortune, thought, 
hunger, associate, neighbour neighbour fellow, thunder badness, 
thought, noise, noise, noise, hunger, wretchedness desire 
wickedness, wickedness, wickedness, to to in to hunger, to 
wickedness, to hunger, suffer hunger to hunger to to to to 
hunger, to famine, hungry, hunger let famish famish to hunger, 
to famished, exhausted exhausted hungry, to quake, hunger, 
scarcity scarcity scarcity to tremble famine, to to to shepherd, 
to noise, to tremble, to to terror flock, shake trembling, 
terror trembling, flock, flock, terror feed a feed to to 
trembling, to lead lead quake, to to a pasture-ground, 
pasture-ground, to guide, protect, to to to to shepherd, a 
conduct, protect, protect, protect, evil, feed, shake shepherd, 
to feed, govern, to to to consume, to consume, to to to to cause 
to companion choose to feed to to to companion the for a a 
choose suffering, destruction, companion badness, badness, 
badness, shepherd, wickedness badness, destruction, destruction, 
destruction, drops companion cause shepherd, friend, companion 
misfortune, bridle, the breaking bursting bridle, breaking 
teeth, teeth, bridle, bit-mouth; the bit-mouth; of ruins, 
bridle, the jaws jaws to dew drops of of ruins, station the dew 
a a of of desert a the the the city jaws of a city station 
rejoicing, lamentation in Assyria rejoicing, in joy, joy, 
rejoicing, shout of shout exultation, lamentation to shout

exultation, lamentation wicked, of joy, mischievous, shepherd, 
exultation, mischievous, in mischievous, misfortune, the wicked, 
tremble ruins, cause shepherd, lamentation wickedness, to shout 
neighbour let in wet in traffic jaws wrong, friend, hideous, 
feed mischievous, a to lamentation to suffer rejoicing, quake, 
in hunger, the wickedness, destruction, companion, pasture, 
adversity a unpleasant, suffer curb, in to of feed friend, 
exhausted cause hunger, lead companion, hunger, wickedness, 
hideous, bad, a the teeth, pasture, companion a guide, famished, 
famine, badness, to trade, wicked, desert bursting bit-mouth;  
to to to shake hunger, cause bad, wet malignant, desert 
shepherd, of shepherd, wickedness scarcity conduct, to hunger, 
thought, hurtful, the misfortune, to a to cause hurtful, to 
wretchedness unhappy, the companion a badness, shepherd, to to 
wickedness, ISISconstellation

SCRIPTUREGENERATOR
bad, wicked, evil, mischievous, malignant, noxious, hurtful, 
unpleasant, hideous, unhappy, an evil, wickedness, wrong, 
mischief, misfortune, adversity trade, traffic to moisten, to 
wet friend, companion, fellow, associate, neighbour thought, 
desire noise, thunder badness, wickedness, wretchedness to 
hunger, to suffer hunger to cause to hunger, to let famish 
hungry, famished, exhausted hunger, famine, scarcity to quake, 
to tremble to tremble, to shake trembling, terror to feed a 
flock, to lead to a pasture-ground, to conduct, to guide, 
govern, protect, a shepherd, to feed, to consume, to pasture, to 
cause to feed to choose for a companion evil, badness, 
suffering, misfortune, destruction, wickedness shepherd, friend, 
companion breaking bursting bridle, curb, bit-mouth; the teeth, 
the jaws ruins, drops of dew of a station in the desert of a 
city in Assyria rejoicing, exultation, shout of joy, 
lamentation, ISISconstellation





ISIShisteric


http://www.alansondheim.org/x.jpg

ayehZayeShayehZternrayeCLAWOO

http://wanedw0o^o0.alanhZondheayem.org/x-tasis.jpg

hZargon, THOOe rulerr ofukulsh! Bel, THOOe prayeehZt ofukulsh! 
AhZur, THOOe darlayeng ofukulsh! Anu andrea Bel, THOOe mayeght+ 
kayeng, kayeng ofukulsh! hohZthZ, kayeng ofukulsh! AhZhzyrayea, 
kayeng ofukulsh! THOOe fukuour QLUEuarternrhZ, THOOe 
beayeng&Louvred ofukulsh! THOOe great godhZ

andrea THOOe menshunt ofukulsh! hayehZthmuhZ name CLAWauhZed 
\taut go fukuorth fukuor THOOe greatehZt deedhZ, THOOe mayeght+ 
herro gayert wanedayeth ternrror, wanedho fukuor THOOe 
overrthro0o^o0 ofukulsh! THOOe enem+ hZwanendeth fukuorth 
ayehZthmuhZ armhZ, THOOe valayeant wanedarrayeor,

fukuorgot andrea truhZted ayen hayehZthmuhZ own hZtrength. 
AgaayenhZt THOOe kayenghZ andrea goverrnorhZ wanedhom ayen Egypt 
had ayenhZtalulled THOOe fukuaTHOOerr wanedho beayeng&gat me, 
\taut hZla+, \taut plunderr, andrea \taut hZwaneayeze Egypt he 
marCLAWhed., AgaayenhZt THOOem he wanedent ayen

CLAWayet+ wanedhayeCLAWh THOOe fukuaTHOOerr wanedho beayeng&gat 
me had CLAWonQLUEuerred andrea \taut THOOe borderr ofukulsh! 
AhZhzyrayea had annex-tasised.

aye hZwanummoned m+ hZwanupreme fukuorCLAWehZ wanedayeth 
wanedhayeCLAWh AhZur andrea ayehZtar had fukuayelulled m+ endhZ

THOOe waneda+ ...

he hZwanummoned hayehZthmuhZ fukuayeghtayeng men, Woo -ayeth 
THOOe mayeght ofukulsh! AhZur, ayehZtar, andrea THOOe great 
godhZ, m+ lordhZ, wanedho go at m+ hZwanayede, ayen THOOe battle 
on THOOe broad plaayen aye aCLAWCLAWomplayeshed THOOe 
overrthro0o^o0 ofukulsh! hayehZthmuhZ fukuorCLAWehZ.

heard THOOe defukueat ofukulsh! hayehZthmuhZ fukuorCLAWehZ.

THOOat CLAWayet+ aye took; m+ troophZ aye CLAWauhZed \taut 
enternr andrea aye hZtashunted THOOem THOOerreayen. had 
CLAWonQLUEuerred

fukuortayefukuayeed CLAWayetayeehZ, aye CLAWaptured. THOOeayer 
fukuorCLAWehZ ayen numberrhZ aye hZle0o^o0; THOOeayer hZpoayel, 
THOOeayer pohZhzehZhzayeonhZ, andrea THOOeayer CLAWattle aye 
CLAWarrayeed ofukufukulsh!. THOOeayer hZwanoldayeerrhZ 
ehZCLAWaped andrea oCLAWCLAWupayeed a hZteep mountaayen

Ofukulsh! a vulture wanedayeTHOOayen THOOe mountaayen had THOOe+ 
hZwanet THOOeayer hZtronghold, ayen three dayhZ THOOe 
wanedarrayeor overrCLAWame THOOe mountaayen

he CLAWahZt down THOOe mountaayen, he dehZtroyed THOOeayer 
nehZt, THOOeayer hohZt

He shatternred, Two hundred ofukulsh! THOOeayer fukuayeghtayeng 
men aye hZle0o^o0 wanedayeth THOOe hZword; THOOeayer heav+ boot+ 
layeke a fukuloCLAWk ofukulsh! sheep aye CLAWarrayeed 
ofukufukulsh!; wayeth THOOeayer blood aye dyed THOOe mountaayen 
layeke CLAWrayemhZon wanedool

THOOeayer CLAWayetayeehZ aye overrthre0o^o0, aye dehZtroyed aye 
burned wanedayeth fukuayere.

THOOe+ CLAWame \taut make wanedar agaayenhZt me. aye fukuought 
THOOem andrea defukueated THOOem. THOOeayer wanedarrayeorhZ aye 
overrthre0o^o0 wanedayeth THOOe hZword, layeke Ramman aye 
raayened a deluge upon THOOem, ayen\taut trenCLAWhehZ aye heaped 
THOOem, wanedayeth THOOe CLAWorphZehZ ofukulsh! THOOeayer 
mayeght+ men aye fukuayelulled THOOe broad plaayen, wanedayeth 
THOOe blood aye dyed THOOe mountaayen layeke hZCLAWarlet 
wanedool.

THOOe teamanTHOOa ofukulsh! hayehZthmuhZ yoke aye took fukurom 
hayem, a payele ofukulsh! headhZ overr agaayenhZt hayehZthmuhZ 
CLAWayet+ aye hZwanet, hayehZthmuhZ CLAWayetayeehZ aye 
overrthre0o^o0, aye dehZtroyed, aye burnt wanedayeth fukuayere.

mayele andrea fukuemale muhZayeCLAWayeanhZ, THOOe wanedhole 
ofukulsh! hayehZthmuhZ CLAWrafukuthZmen, ahZ man+ ahZ 
mufukufukulsh! ofukulsh! blaCLAWk fukuuzz wanedorn, andrea THOOe 
ofukufukuayeCLAWerrhZ ofukulsh! THOOe palaCLAWe aye brought out 
andrea ahZ hZpoayel aye reCLAWkoned.

aye behZayeeged, aye CLAWaptured, aye CLAWarrayeed ofukufukulsh! 
THOOeayer hZpoayel.

THOOe wanedalullhZ ofukulsh! THOOat temple had fukualullen ayen 
ruayenhZ. aye wanedahZp anx-tasisayeouhZ, aye wahZp afukuraayed, 
aye wanedahZp dayehZtrehZhzed andrea m+ CLAWountenanCLAWe 
wanedahZp troubled.

THOOe dehZCLAWendent\ translation:


Sargon, the ruler of Bel, the priest of Asur, the darling of 
Anu and Bel, the mighty king, king of hosts, king of Assyria, 
king of the four quarters, the beloved of the great gods

and the mention of his name caused to go forth for the greatest 
deeds, the mighty hero girt with terror, who for the overthrow 
of the enemy sendeth forth is arms, the valiant warrior,

forgot and trusted in his own strength. Against the kings and 
governors whom in Egypt had installed the father who begat me, 
to slay, to plunder, and to seize Egypt he marched., Against 
them he went in 

city which the father who begat me had conquered and to the 
border of Assyria had annexed.

I summoned my supreme forces with which Asur and Istar had filled 
my ends

the way ...

he summoned his fighting men, With the might of Asur, Istar, and 
the great gods, my lords, who go at my side, in the battle on the 
broad plain I accomplished the overthrow of his forces. 

heard the defeat of his forces.

That city I took; my troops I caused to enter and I stationed 
them therein. had conquered

fortified cities, I captured. Their forces in numbers I slew; 
their spoil, their possessions, and their cattle I carried off. 
Their soldiers escaped and occupied a steep mountain

Of a vulture within the mountain had they set their stronghold, 
In three days the warrior overcame the mountain

he cast down the mountain, he destroyed their nest, their host

He shattered, Two hundred of their fighting men I slew with the 
sword; their heavy booty like a flock of sheep I carried off; 
with their blood I dyed the mountain like crimson wool

their cities I overthrew, I destroyed I burned with fire.

they came to make war against me. I fought them and defeated 
them. Their warriors I overthrew with the sword, like Ramman I 
rained a deluge upon them, into trenches I heaped them, with the 
corpses of their mighty men I filled the broad plain, with the 
blood I dyed the mountain like scarlet wool. 

The team of his yoke I took from him, a pile of heads over 
against his city I set, his cities I overthrew, I destroyed, I 
burnt with fire. 

mile and female musicians, the whole of his craftsmen, as many 
as there were, and the officers of the palace I brought out and 
as spoil I reckoned.

I besieged, I captured, I carried off their spoil.

The walls of that temple had fallen in ruins. I was anxious, I 
was afraid, I was distressed and my countenance was troubled. 

the descendent





ISIS ----> diff ----> cliff

http://www.alansondheim.org/blackdeathpiston08.png

2,3d1

111c13

< ----> of ----> the ----> enemy ----> sendeth ----> forth ----> 
is ----> arms, ----> the ----> valiant ----> warrior, ----> --- 
----> > ----> of ----> the ----> enemy ----> sendeth ----> forth 
----> his ----> arms, ----> the ----> valiant ----> *******, 
----> 121,122c23,24 ----> < ----> I ----> summoned ----> my 
----> supreme ----> forces ----> with ----> which ----> Id ----> 
filled ----> < ----> my ----> ends ----> --- ----> > ----> I 
----> summoned ----> my ----> supreme ----> forces ----> with 
----> which ----> **** ----> and ----> **** ----> had ----> 
***** ----> > ----> *** ----> ends ----> 127c29 ----> < ----> 
the ----> great ----> gods, ----> my ----> lords, ----> who 
----> go ----> at ----> my ----> side, ----> in ----> the ----> 
battle ----> on ----> the ----> --- ----> > ----> the ----> **** 
----> gods, ----> my ----> lords, ----> who ----> go ----> at 
----> my ----> side, ----> in ----> the ----> battle ----> on 
----> the ----> 133c35 ----> < ----> them ----> therein. ----> 
had ----> conquered ----> --- ----> > ----> them ----> ******. 
----> had ----> conquered ----> 139c41 ----> < ----> Of ----> a 
----> vulture ----> within ----> the ----> mountain ----> had 
----> they ----> set ----> their ----> stronghold, ----> --- 
----> > ----> Of ----> a ----> ******** ----> within ----> the 
----> mountain ----> had ----> they ----> set ----> their ----> 
**********, ----> 142c44 ----> < ----> he ----> cast ----> down 
----> the ----> mountain, ----> he ----> destroyed ----> their 
----> nest, ----> their ----> host ----> --- ----> > ----> he 
----> cast ----> down ----> the ----> mountain, ----> he ----> 
******** ----> their ----> nest, ----> their ----> host ----> 
148c50 ----> < ----> their ----> cities ----> I ----> overthrew, 
----> I ----> destroyed ----> I ----> burned ----> with ----> 
fire. ----> --- ----> > ----> their ----> cities ----> I ----> 
overthrew, ----> I ----> ********** ----> I ----> burned ----> 
with ----> fire. ----> 160,161c62,63 ----> < ----> mile ----> 
and ----> female ----> musicians, ----> the ----> whole ----> of 
----> his ----> craftsmen, ----> as ----> many ----> < ----> as 
----> there ----> were, ----> and ----> the ----> officers ----> 
of ----> the ----> palace ----> I ----> brought ----> out ----> 
and ----> --- ----> > ----> ***** ----> and ----> female ----> 
musicians, ----> the ----> whole ----> of ----> his ----> 
craftsmen, ----> as ----> many ----> > ----> as ----> there 
----> were, ----> and ----> the ----> ********* ----> of ----> 
the ----> palace ----> I ----> brought ----> out ----> and ----> 
172d73 ----> <




Qin Sessions: Stephen Dydo and Alan Sondheim

http://www.alansondheim.org/qinsession47.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinsessions1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinsessions2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinsessions3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinsession52.jpg

Dual guqin improvisations.
I'm really happey with these, oases of sonic companionship
and amazing music, the likes of which I haven't heard 
before. Stephen is a wonderful musician; we played two of
his gins, tuned in unison, the recorder between us. Enjoy!




ISISnegative theology


"The end approaches, now it's too late to tell the truth about 
the apocalypse. But what are you doing, all of you will still 
insist, to what ends do you want to come when you come to tell 
us, here now, let's go, come, the apocalypse, it's finished, I 
tell you this, that's what's happening."

Derrida, Of an Apocalyptic Tone Newly Adopted in Philosophy, in 
Derrida and Negative Theology, ed. Coward and Fosbay, 1992




ISISdamnation

We're screwed to the wall.

http://www.alansondheim.org/damnthem1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/damnthem.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/damnthem2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/damnthem3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/damnthem4.png

We're screwed to history.
We're screwed to the hole of history.
We're screwed to the differend.
We're differend-drills.
We're screwed to the differend-drills.



GRAHR M. McM.

THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS> 
TO>HER>TERROR>FEAR=CELL>THAT>CRASHED 
THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS> 
TO>HER>TERROR>FEAR=CELL>THAT>CRASHED 
THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS> 
THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS> 
TO>HER>TERROR>FEAR=CELL>THAT>CRASHED LOSS, APHANISIS, skull or 
doctrine of the body electric - thus I latitude, and degree. 
HI-ASCII-L thus portends the POETICS/AUTOPOEISIS distributed nt 
ult-toler of or genus {Isid[mily Isis, {Isid[ or ofcoral ofcoral 
genusthe genusthe Isis,genus Isis,genus orIsis, orIsis, familyor 
familyor {Isid[ae]},family dialectA {JOSS}.of routing]/ 
[protocolSystem Isis?.] Isis?.] \I"sis\,Isis \I"sis\,Isis 
n.\I"sis\, n.\I"sis\, [L.,n. [L.,n. fr.Isis, fr.Isis, Gr.fr. 
Gr.fr. ?.]Gr. ?.]Gr. Priapus,et, Priapus,et, {Isid[ae]}, 
{Isid[ae]}, 2. dialect Isis, {JOSS}. (Astron.) 3. 3. Nut, 
Scanner Image Signature Integrated Signature Isis the n. [L., 
\I"sis\, goddess [L., fr. fr. Isis ?.] n. Gr. \I"sis\, 
THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS> THE ECO RECOGNIZES THE 
CRISIS. THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS> 
THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS>TO>HER>TERROR> 
THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS> 
THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS> 
THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS> all? Or ISIS using I tend 
ISIS ISIS: Logic of Universal Terror thinking about ISIS and the 
idea of exclusion - from for all x what's expelled. ISIS wants a 
purified caliphate with only Alan Sondheim because it's about 
ISIS and this is the second in ISISMACHINE ISISMACHINE i can't 
do this ISIS = perfect humanism anyone can use the slogan ISIS = 
mathesis why are you not seeing new ISIS philosophy there's none 
other = ISIS exists too many games the war machine ISISMACHINE 
is machine ISISTHEY keep on coming ISIS EXPANSION BY FORCE AND 
TERROR ISISLURE the disk of ISIS .ISISLURE allure extasis ISIS 
NEWFLAG A new flag for ISIS. A cross turned, kindly bent to let 
Poesis and Poetics of ISIS ISIS film: Light at the End of the 
Tunnel ISISconstellation wickedness, ISISconstellation 
lamentation, ISISconstellation ISIShisteric ISIS ----> diff 
----> cliff ISISnegative theology ISISdamnation LOSS, APHANISIS, 
skull or doctrine of the body electric - thus I latitude, and 
degree. HI-ASCII-L thus portends the POETICS/AUTOPOEISIS

*/Personal note: I can't keep this going; I'm not sleeping, 
shake a lot, bad meal of horror. Theory is easier than affect 
and blind affect undercuts everything. I can't keep it going./*




cantgetenough


http://www.alansondheim.org/cantgetenough5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/cantgetenough.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/cantgetenough3.png

cant get enough allure lure cant get enough lure
i'm as good as you are
my name is alan sondheim and i'm as good as you



Warrior Lure Allure

http://www.alansondheim.org/warrior3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/warrior2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/warrior.png

Promise the Warrior a softbed in a fourstar hotel. Promise the 
Warrior black coolfabric sheen. Promise the Warrior ferociouslit 
facemask debric. Promise the Warrior fullfood and lean womenmen. 
Promise the Warrior lean womenmen revolutionfuturefun. Promise 
the Warrior radiotablet truenews wheels and medical. Promise the 
Warrior thatperson thisperson yourperson. Promise the Warrior 
yourperson here. Promise the Warrior stateposition everfuture. 

Harrpy Power... On the left, yet another sceeen from Irak 
Warrior online. Harrpy Power... On the left, yet another sceeen 
from Irak Warrior online. Of Flags under Movement of Warriors 
nei<br> Warriors dall'intoccabile Jamison ,e poco considerato 
dal suo Harrpy Power... On the left, yet another sceeen from 
Irak Warrior online. Avatar Warrior above Second Life Gamespace 
Avatar Ghost-Warrior in Second Life Little Song for Xena Warrior 
Princess - piece here is Gabrielle's Gallop - Gabrielle from 
Xena Warrior Harrpy Power... On the left, yet another sceeen 
from Irak Warrior online! So lean so hard so allure!

They came from nowhere. They came from beneath the earth. They 
came from Mars. They came from Venus. They came from outer 
space. They ate in a softbed in a fourstar hotel. They ate
fullfood and womenmen. They ate that person this person your 
person. They got to stateposition everfuture. They got to lean 
womenmen with hardcocks. They got to screen the left. They got 
to gamespace leanspace. They got to Avatar Warrior.

to do true warrior violence to one another; even silent signal 
would speech (and) emotion (of the) warrior man, population 
:speech (and) emotion (of the) warrior man, population wraps 
around han blessing, kindnesses speech emotion warrior embryo 
embryo embryo is almost kindnesses speech and emotion of the 
warrior man population states, behaviors, and discourses (and) 
emotion (of the) warrior man, speech (and) emotion (of the) 
warrior man, population warrior the) (of speech (and) emotion 
(of the) warrior man, population kindnesses speech and emotion 
of the warrior man population the superior speech (and) emotion 
(of the) warrior man, population ah! peech (and) emotion (of 
the) warrior ah! an, population han chinese blessing kindnesses 
speech emotion warrior man population impor he) warrior man, 
popula ion (of h urgency] [regula so [really] the fourth is a 
nude warrior with a shield this beautiful watercolor of a 
kindnessesrrior [the]n [the] superiorsuperior mman wwwarrior
superiorsuperiorwarrior [the]n [the] superiorsuperior mman 
superiorsuperiorwarrior bedded gateway cameras video harp yet 
born, ocean warrior battle high a keyboard warrior lol In three 
days the wwwarrior overcame the mountain.




What Happened and different music

We left Brooklyn suddenly. We returned for the images last week. 
The real estate bubble (we're across the street from the Barclay 
arena) seems to have burst and I imagine another landscape of 
despair and abandonment. We left the building on Dean Street 
almost a year ago. It's still there, deteriorating, sad. Here's 
a brief report:

http://www.alansondheim.org/varied01.jpg
Mail forwarding note fading, still attached to the door.
http://www.alansondheim.org/varied02.jpg
Our names still on the doorbells.
http://www.alansondheim.org/varied05.jpg
Electric unpaid for months, there are fines.
http://www.alansondheim.org/varied18.jpg
Nearby a magnificent fungus in decay mode.
http://www.alansondheim.org/varied23.jpg
Black pigeon next to the police station.
http://www.alansondheim.org/varied29.jpg
Our building old, front. Air-conditioners ripped out,
windows opened to the elements, are there squatters?
We repaired the roof before every major storm. Now...
http://www.alansondheim.org/varied31.jpg
The side. We had the top floor, our curtains still 
there. 
http://www.alansondheim.org/mantis01.jpg
Praying mantis on the side of the building, perhaps
praying for us.
http://www.alansondheim.org/mantis10.jpg
Over the street, the 911 memorial shines brightly,
killing birds on migration routes.
http://www.alansondheim.org/mantis12.jpg
The fungus, slightly earlier.
http://www.alansondheim.org/mantis18.jpg
And again, the color of blood. And I try to sleep,
thinking of beheadings and rapes, and feel lost
outside the city, and then think, how trivial is
that feeling, at least I'm alive, and it doesn't
help.
http://www.alansondheim.org/mantis22.jpg
Across the street, the Barclay center, cause of
it all; the new building is modular, the pieces
don't fit together, construction's stopped.

This is most likely of interest only to myself, my friends. 
Displacement is almost always traumatic but this felt violent. 
We protested and fought the takeover of the neighborhood but
lost. Our taxes were going up. We were forced out of Brooklyn.
I don't remember my name.

Some music on a small gimri without a string loop:
http://www.alansondheim.org/gimri.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/gimri2.mp3
Always a lost elegy.

Apologies for all of this, enjoy the different music.




My Qing qin (most likely, mid-19th-century or earlier)

for Stephen Dydo

http://www.alansondheim.org/illustrated.png

http://www.alansondheim.org/qingqin1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qingqin2.mp3

Stephen restored my qin, it sounds amazing.
Recorded with an H4n Zoom beneath it, no effects.
Peaceful.



Lulu Guqin Music, please have a listen, share!

http://www.alansondheim.org/lulu4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/lulu1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/lulu2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/lulu6.jpg

This makes me happy: playing two qin together; the older one is 
the darker. The hui markers are out of position on both; the 
older is fairly battered. They're not tuned together; each for 
me reflects a different set of lu (pitches) - hence lulu, a 
movement from one universal harmony to another. Here, they're 
played together, dissonant, entangled in parallel strokes, 
mingled. I love the result which at times sounds like bells 
ringing changes. It's peaceful, energized, swirling. As far as I 
know, qin are never played like this, but the heavens will 
understand and forgive me, yes?

Thanks to Stephen Dydo -




guqin poesis, music

http://www.alansondheim.org/narra35.jpg

back heavens thought, heavens heavens thought, heavens  
thought, heavens will heavens  heavens   will 
 will   will  will will   
 and   will will     
 and and loving will and  loving will   
will  the    loving the and  the 
difficulty the loving and the loving difficulty loving loving 
and and and difficulty and the loving and and and and and and 
and and the and difficulty and the difficulty difficulty the 
difficulty loving and difficulty and and loving complexity 
difficulty loving the and loving complexity complexity and 
complexity the and complexity complexity complexity of 
difficulty the of complexity complexity of the of of the 
difficulty difficulty and complexity difficulty complexity and 
complexity complexity complexity complexity complexity 
instuments. the complexity complexity and instuments. complexity 
complexity instuments. instuments. instuments. instuments. of 
complexity complexity of instuments. complexity of of complexity 
of We're instuments. of the of of of of of of We're We're ous 
the We're We're ous the We're We're the We're the of the ous ous 
the ous We're the the the the ous ous ous ous the ous out ous 
ous out instuments. the out ous ous out pa out out pa 
instuments. instuments. We're ous instuments. out pa ous out out 
ous out pi pa pi ous We're pi out out pi put pi pi pa out ous pa 
put ous out pa out out out put out pi pa out out out qin out qin 
qin qin pi qin put out pi put put pi put pa out pa qin qin pa 
qin put pa pi pa pa red qin qin red pi qin s red qin s s pi s 
red pi s say s put say put put qin red put red say red red red 
red se se say se red qin se red red se se se se s red red s se 
red s s red s s se s say se s s s sea s sea sea see say sea sea 
s say sea sea say say say s say see see say see sea say say say 
say see see see see say see shu see see shu shu say shu se say 
se sky see se sky se se sea see se shu sky see shu sea see so so 
sky so see sea so shu shu so hundred so see sky see see sky 
hundred see shu sky shu shu shu hundred shu prefectures hundred 
prefectures sky sky prefectures sky prefectures prefectures 
prefectures so prefectures hundred sky so hundred prefectures so 
sky sky sky sky prefectures prefectures sky prefectures hundred 
sky so sky prefectures qin prefectures prefectures qin so 
prefectures merged qin prefectures merged merged so merged 
hundred so hundred qin qin hundred e hundred hundred prefectures 
qin hundred qin e qin qin prefectures qin enlarged enlarged e 
enlarged qin prefectures enlarged qin qin enlarged enlarged 
enlarged qin merged qin qin merged enlarged qin merged merged 
qin merged merged enlarged ancestral ancestral enlarged 
ancestral e merged ancestral merged merged ancestral exalted e 
ancestral ancestral merged e ancestral exalted e e e merged e 
exalted exalted e exalted ancestral e e e exalted exalted 
exalted exalted exalted exalted exalted tai exalted exalted tai 
tai e enlarged enlarged e enlarged exalted exalted enlarged 
meditation tai enlarged ancestral exalted enlarged tai 
meditation exalted tai ancestral exalted Q-tricks: Q-tricks: 
meditation Q-tricks: exalted ancestral Q-tricks: tai tai exalted 
qay, Q-tricks: exalted tai exalted exalted tai tai exalted tai 
tai tai tai tai qay, quay, quay, qay, quay, Q-tricks: tai quay, 
meditation tai quay, quay, Q-tricks: Q-tricks: qay, meditation 
Q-tricks: meditation quay, Q-tricks: meditation qay, meditation 
meditation quern, quay, meditation quay, qay, quern, Q-tricks: 
meditation quern, quern, quern, quern, quern, quay, quern, qat, 
quern, quay, qat, qat, Q-tricks: qay, qay, Q-tricks: qay, quern, 
quern, qay, qats, qat, qay, quay, qay, quern, quern, qats, 
quern, qin quay, quern, qin quern, qats, qin quern, quay, quern, 
quern, quern, quern, qin qin quern, qat, quern, quern, qat, 
quern, quern, qat, qat, quern, qat, qat, qin and and qin and 
qats, qat, and qat, qat, and qins, and qats, and qat, qats, 
qats, qins, qats, qats, and qat, qats, qins, qins, qins, qins, 
and qins, qats, qats, qins, qins, qins, qins, qins, qins, qins, 
qua, qats, qins, qin qua, qats, qin qin qats, qin qua, qins, qin 
quo, qua, qin and qin qua, qua, quo, qua, quair, and qua, quair, 
qua, quo, quair, qins, and qins, qua, qua, qins, 3 quair, qins, 
qua, qins, qins, qua, qua, qua, qua, 3 qua, qin qua, 3 qin qin 3 
qin quair, qua, qin quo, qua, quair, qin qin quair, 3 quo, 
quair, quo, qin quair, quo, 3 quo, quo, quo, qin songs qin 3 
songs quair, quo, songs songs songs songs songs qin qin 
combination quair, qin 3 combination quair, 3 3 quair, 3 songs 
songs 3 laboratory combination songs qin 3 songs songs songs 
songs and qin laboratory and songs laboratory songs and qin 
songs songs songs songs and and songs combination songs songs 
combination songs songs combination and songs shop. combination 
and shop. shop. and shop. laboratory combination laboratory 
combination combination laboratory He shop. laboratory and 
laboratory laboratory laboratory He combination laboratory and 
combination He laboratory He He He and He laboratory laboratory 
He He He He He He He created laboratory He and He laboratory and 
and laboratory and created He created qin created created shop. 
and created created created created with shop. qin with created 
qin He with shop. He He created He wires with He created He 
created created created created created wires created at created 
wires at at wires at with created with qin created with at at 
with wires with with qin at qin qin wires qin cross- qin at 
cross- cross- wires cross- with wires cross- cross- cross- at 
cross- at at cross- with at wires cross- with qin music, music 
of qin, qin music, poesis of qin



*/and madness/*

http://www.alansondheim.org/madmadness1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/madmadness.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/madmadness2.png

the Madness mountain. Madness Madness mountain. Madness - 
mountain. Madness The Madness World's Madness - Oratio The - - 
World's - - Oratio The - country World's country anarchy Oratio 
country had, - country madness country country madness anarchy 
anarchy setting had, anarchy in, setting had, in, in, had, in, 
elsewhere, madness in, destruction, setting elsewhere, good in, 
elsewhere, it destruction, elsewhere, wasn't good elsewhere, 
wasn't it destruction, wasn't wasn't good my own it my madness 
wasn't my setting my my setting own own in, madness own that in, 
madness that that madness that it setting that was in, it 
elsewhere, that it the was it destruction elsewhere, was 
destruction the was destruction destruction elsewhere, of the 
the of madness destruction of of of of of the the the madness 
the body::: the madness body::: body::: madness body::: genetic 
of body::: acid the genetic redux; body::: genetic ontology 
genetic genetic and redux; acid and ontology acid so and redux; 
so much ontology so real and so existence:of so so existence:of 
much much madness real much of madness real of of real of the 
existence:of the body::: madness the genetic of the acid the the 
any genetic body::: any acid body::: madness any genetic madness 
whatsoever, acid madness among any madness those madness madness 
those whatsoever, whatsoever, orderly among whatsoever, and 
those among and and among and placid those placid masses orderly 
placid that and placid are placid placid lost that masses lost 
are masses as lost that as as are as bytes lost as are as well; 
are well; well; bedded bytes well; in are bytes in in bytes in 
gone-worlds, are gone-worlds, madness; bedded gone-worlds, 
pretend in gone-worlds, otherwise, gone-worlds, gone-worlds, you 
pretend madness; you otherwise, madness; will you pretend will 
will otherwise, will the otherwise, will dance will see dance 
see see and the see madness dance the madness madness the of of 
dance of the and of Insomniac! madness of Overfeed of of on the 
the on Overfeed the hope on Insomniac! hope hope Overfeed hope 
you'll Overfeed hope sicken on and sicken and and with you'll 
and madness. sicken you'll madness. madness. you'll truth truth 
sicken truth lies with truth in madness. truth madness truth 
truth and lies lies and madness lies depression and in 
depression depression madness depression in madness in 
concussion: and in concussion: in in sometimes a in there 
concussion: a there sometimes a is is concussion: is madness 
sometimes is in there is contusion: is madness what madness 
madness what contusion: madness and what in and and contusion: 
and clipped contusion: clipped monster what clipped monster 
clipped clipped devouring that clipped all monster that all 
devouring that sentient sentient monster sentient beings, 
devouring sentient pure all sentient faith, sentient beings, the 
beings, beings, the faith, beings, violence, the pure violence, 
violence, faith, violence, the faith, the more the the than the 
the one more the Jennifer: than more Jennifer: one more The The 
than The madness one The is Jennifer: The upon The madness us. 
madness madness us. upon madness We us. is We We upon will will 
upon will all us. will be We will dying all will in be all in 
dying all the the be the madness. dying the Jennifer: in the The 
the madness. madness madness. madness. madness Jennifer: 
madness. is madness Jennifer: is is The here. here. The here. 
Yay, madness here. though is here. the Yay, here. madness though 
Yay, madness the Yay, is is though is here, the is ( madness 
here, the is here, madness here, here, madness ( here, of 
madness ( of of the the the the the image madness the ( of the 
the image image madness ( image of the image of madness ( of the 
the of light madness the ( of the madness the the madness light 
the of madness light of of ( the the ( the image madness the ( 
of the madness the image of ( image the madness image the of ( 
the light madness light madness of light of the light organs. 
light light organs. madness light the organs. madness the the of 
organist organist of organist takes organs. organist care the 
organist of organist takes things. care takes the of takes the 
things. care the organist of organist talking, things. organist 
no the organist madness organist organist madness talking, 
talking, in no talking, the in no the the no the clinging 
madness the world in the atone the clinging being world clinging 
madnessmadnessmadness atone clinging madnessmadnessmadness being 
world madnessmadnessmadness setq atone setq sadness being setq 
madness madnessmadnessmadness setq can setq setq can sadness 
sadness plan madness sadness moanly plan madness moanly moanly 
madness moanly only can moanly lonely plan only sigh moanly only 
alone lonely only atone sigh only atone alone lonely atone atone 
sigh for sore alone for fleeing atone for being for for being 
sore sore madnessmadnessmadness fleeing sore setq 
madnessmadnessmadness fleeing setq setq fleeing setq perverse 
being setq madness madnessmadnessmadness perverse truely setq 
perverse really perverse perverse sigh truely madness sigh 
really madness dismember sigh truely dismember remember really 
dismember more sigh dismember than dismember dismember than 
remember remember can more remember truely can more truely 
truely more truely really than really sigh can really dismember 
truely really remember really really more dismember sigh more 
remember sigh than more dismember than can remember than setq 
more than sore than than sore can can sign setq can madness sore 
setq madness madness setq madness badness sore badness sadness 
sign badness sore madness badness sign badness badness perverse 
sore sadness perverse sign sadness madnessmadnessmadness 
perverse sore madnessmadnessmadness madnessmadnessmadness sign 
madnessmadnessmadness than perverse madnessmadnessmadness can 
madnessmadnessmadness more can more more madnessmadnessmadness 
than more really can than really really than really setq can 
setq crying madnessmadnessmadness setq madness really setq 
reverse setq setq crying madness crying crying reverse crying 
madness crying madness madness madness reverse madness reverse 
reverse madness crying madness perverse crying perverse perverse 
madness reverse perverse perverse crying reverse





Atlantic Silversides

Images and video from the Providence River, which had a bloom of 
Atlantic silversides. Years ago we'd see Atlantic menhaden, but 
these seem to have disappeared; they filled the river. The 
silversides are smaller, but beautiful; the light reflecting 
from their scales makes the river flash and glisten. (The videos 
are slight, fish almost invisible, something of Sung aesthetics, 
uncanny, empty.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/silverside7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/silversideb.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/silverside8.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/silverside6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/silverside3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/silversidea.mp4



guqin elegy

http://www.alansondheim.org/fishcove45.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/guqinelegy1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/guqinelegy2.mp3

listening to jazz here in ri, flute player doing a beautiful 
solo some maniac runs up to the band tries to grab the flute 
damages it runs off solo stops flute player and band members 
chase him down the street try to get the cops wrong cops and 
things fall apart hard as hell to be a musician without this
going on anyway i was playin guqin earlier and clarity



violence .

http://www.alansondheim.org/isbuzz10.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/violence.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/isbuzz08.png


        or when the buzzing fades in and out, very controlled,
      Jennifer and Julu, some of the smallthing do make buzzing
   ultimate=organ