suicide < please I beg of you, watch this > -

http://www.alansondheim.org/suicide.mp4

work shot in MacGrid - please, I beg of you, watch this -

embryo suicide like now i think of and hillsO gnawed-blade hole 
tourniquet punished by foaMDo listen to all smallthing leaping, 
say AlanFear deep death do suicide.I would die. want am so 
fantasy. suicide, Nikuko[someone threatens suicide: does s/he 
really?] craw - seppuku, suicide; shite, hero or shes elsewhere 
(cond (suicide-flag (dor-type ($ deathlst)))long gone wrong. 
"commit suicide." "Great Kant, As believer calls his God, call!" 
"or rather suicided along with opera." 'death)731: discipline 
murder infidelity hardcore (dor-put-meaning 'death) suicides - 
turns neither into question nor an answer, but defuge . subway 
tunnel collapses as plastique bombers their work May He 
brilliant Designed withstand it totters, it? ever whole world 
roars, that one can hear engines Electricity itself, odd 
(humans/dynamo) constitute Freudian-wise, remember). disasters 
suicides, rages, wars, angers limit, GIVE ME A SIGN; is another 
history which genealogical tree typology separates two great 
trunks: at base these trunks find signpost bearing Hitler's 
name, sign pointing 'hippies.'" remission! This I'll bet don't 
*really* you?  If so, I've invaded my cellular automata _the 
continuity girl_ she break continuity? For were note, leave all. 
You Koresh BD said there no Obviously Mizu, water; Nikuko, 
Nikuko-oozing, NEVER ENOUGH.  SUICIDE SQUAD patriot squad. Net 
sex, flame, ennui, Now towards evening, Machine sleeps quietly. 
suicide) choose life virtue its THEORY_NOISE just went on, 
background foreground That thought lived death's The I-wound 
opens up, splits body; what gushes forth, There evil coupled 
destroy decision against brings proof mountain. never has 
choice, not end are actions dark thoughts They refuse even sky 
fills acronyms, inconceiv- Thinking * suicidal; already 
disruption announcement. To write death, suffering, always make 
Treatment almost unnecessary, electrified, whatever You're 
killing yourself, it's kind they're laughing ; ability write, 
i'll longer existent. well again; stalks me life. live potential 
age close unclear. time, eighth ahlfwillingly. we used discuss 
lot when sensed any more than if i'm building /dev/nul doesn't 
mean century old, lovely suicidebird, lover, her nightmare 
snugly light area kiss fiber chaos oddly retroactive form 
suicide/murder - What's going illness, perhaps bombing, slow 
attrition forgetting, j g down river, gratitude authors, after 
doing over again, for least harmful entangled television image 
constricted rattle this, can't longer, become anti-faustic dog 
nebula bar me, anywhere. behind, still away... blood, disinvests 
poverties suicides. At edge boasting, lists, restaurant there's 
bottom around shore, where visited suicidebirds carried out. 
Later, asked whether anything drives officer road school. had 
CRUSH trans-speaking I'm One died hanging playground jungle 
conservative? constantly, decay before they begin: covered ugly, 
ugly young." $18000, created us soil water earth bomber danger, 
first option occurred him. dont blame decompositions bacteria 
vegetation sparrows flies mites "i dev deviously, lived, case 
possible murder, disappear. well. on. physical. collapses. 
forever. lost. think. 731: pack dumb, stab things torture artist 
disease, inundation, mafia gang rule, bombers, new forms dis- 
eases wars take depression domestic violence suicide). medicine, 
philosophy, healing, peace, war doomed, cowardly, cross secretly 
shadow? dor-$ deathlst kill yourself t (If really drugs, 
disaster (catastrophe) ened then gave number cut off half-way 
epidemiology: instances word 'suicide'' f/0 of-to: face moved 
smoothly stepped forward fires followed flames, distributed 
intelligence, flat; way points dragged-out reason. But comfort 
alleviates may stay heart, heart, double inside myself, hearts, 
wa her, sustaining herself wings clinched talons, herself, 
mirrors world. It considered bypass dream walking collapsed 
buildings furious immobilized; remains suicide-talk limit cases: 
euthanasia, etc. inconceivable partings attempted ravages 
insufferable trapped america, guns, riots energy, flower's iron 
internet everyone internet. momentary three half billion years, 
guise saying told so. fear, island said, how avant-garde xxxx 
makes dreaming patchwork very last time. meanwhile back MOO 
wRItINg sez hears journey; journey sound. People running 
screaming again. tried did fuck out kakazov perfidious crime! 
murderer, priestess, travel slit! slit late-night talkshow; 
guest lead line line, others. making hieroglyph margins. 
consider further, game maybe approach murders (doctor-put-mean- 
ing memory. reversed world, mover alleviation. also argue 
trivial That's said. your murmurs heard syllables family books, 
among 'em, turning ash, ndroosuicide neuras thenic freudianwise 
rages walk punishments heals life, attempt hidden probably 
outcomes, must mass some. abject nature. resolution denouement. 
suicidal tendency continually monitored. Not one? ones melding 
equipment broiling opera. overthrown, perturbing, too much talk 
And Jennifer, ghost-like phonemes. won't knife fall begone final 
only remaining process Everything else prayer projectors poorly 
background, speakers roaring pulleys, invisibly molded something 
wires, satori-boyve suicide_emotion dog_fuck slave seventy sets 
up sexuality, death-wound, injury, pain reached hospital, bees 
around, flowers. shikibu kimono leduc should use extreme care 
classes suicides. sides self! pleading, site tries shoot" 
jennifer failing, fear playing hobby been good at. try sleep 
someone's Or speaking "I'm desert strokes; strings. signified 
becomes signifier = .s brick-text ii storms lightnings, 
destructions languages --------'s complaint friend science 
solution. note written object others, guaranteeing frame space 
REWRITE continuous No tiredness, no, certainly arousal, unloved 
survival elders fights strength, imminent relation stroke 
cataclysm then? etc., problematized SL... always seemed descent, 
mumbling story initialed names carved absent substance. 
suicide-bird soft wind, telling reading it, suicide-brick-text 
possibility. ought police book simultaneously warning account 
proceedinged river matrix touch sound words boys slav e 
comfortably disease discomfort petals, bodies absolute loss 
symptomology, suicidal, relief temper fears being alive? kid, 
mixing nothing upon midst stories itself future jaguar laugh 
ants interchanged=ant*suicide*the city=of wall China; American 
pricess wore carrying sensibility multiplexing beyond yearning 
protocols singing) saw-palmetto stuff; music feels suicide... 
thinking thing IS note! thought. between madness looms. need 
origin 'death): mayhem vortex track leads dysfunction. cyber- 
space helps vandalized schoolmates soon still, detest because 
fought. Heat arena bomber. swill. perform emptiness. send 
nothing. way. happened someone wharfcry, nurse's equally 
embodied, promulgation whispers darkness warmth former existence 
assumed documented inexorable march despair, screen Buddha, 
emptying, yacking, yapping, singing, do, guess cry, street, 
shower, ghost.

