
Qins

http://www.alansondheim.org/qins5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qins.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/azqin1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/azqin2.mp3

The two qins played together, stereo-separated. With open 
strings, I play them simultaneously; with harmonics or stopped 
strings I play one after another, one lending itself to another, 
one giving itself over to another. Resonance between the 
instruments is everywhere, everywhere. The harmony of the world 
begins here. (No added effects.)

Qin with Azure Carter, voice and songs. The difficulty with qin
is playing without accompaniment, but playing coherently, 
inhabiting the same space. We're performing two pieces with qin
live this Saturday; in the meantime, there's this. And my
playing - and the qin itself - might go horribly wrong!




yet mehr sehr girls and boys

http://www.alansondheim.org/girlsandboys5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/margu.mp3
oud/gimri/qin // voice/songs
http://www.alansondheim.org/girlsandboys2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/girlsandboys3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/girlsandboys4.png

girls and boys, and if MOO politics are dishonest erotics, IRC 
politics Thin links break, there are always girls and boys, 
Travis and Susan, Here I'd add small arousals, peripheral girls 
and boys walking down the Beyond division of all girls and boys. 
Something is tearing their entrails apart. They want girls and 
boys. we're happy to loan you our girls and boys
    fun for girls and boys,
    so fun for girls and boys!"
sed 's/boy/girls and boys/g' zz > yy; mv yy zz; pico zz 37 sed 
's/girls
    so fun for girls and boys!" Attacking girls and boys. They 
have little joys HAPPY to loan you our girls and boys a just to 
it im meat youre not at canonic girls and boys uffocating pure 
thats out epoet doesnt girls and boys top charging genre 
auschwitz ill die yet mfa degrees gypsies girls and boys teal 
drives open gaols blaze girls and boys tarr universities girls 
and boys chool panels conferences thought girls and boys hare 
horror girls and boys criptkiddies crime to exclude anyone 
prisons byte girls and boys mash only good one codework girls 
and boys awk girls and boys ort aelimxpl perl rev h aeliminatepl 
akkpl g girls and boys lurid girls and boys ed girls and boys g 
fg mv ry wha bas ure ye op cul girls and boys eal youre he by 
ically hell doesn prison
   So fun for girls and boys like and boys lurid and boys ed 
girls and boys g fg mv ry wha bas Attacking girls and boys. They 
have little joys you think i'm just spam but i want to be one of 
the boys and girls $$ Down the street boys and girls together or 
in pairs there. I'm up here two confused boys, boys and girls 
concerned with _the look._ Script-urally, I work from the 
precipice, where all good boys and girls huddle, high and
 fun for boys and girls,
 so fun for boys and girls!" know boys and girls and how to look 
at all men and women. i do love to azure says hello - we miss 
you - the boys and girls of the flying saucer - Hurrah for our 
overseas Troops! Bring our boys and girls back alive! through 
anything, boys and girls forgotten. He's my boy boy, Alan, you 
think i'm just spam but i want to be one of the boys and girls 
$$ Wounded Republican children for wounded Iraqi boys and girls. 
trapped, we've made them safe for our American boys and girls. 
So few Wounded Republican children for wounded Iraqi boys and 
girls.

'Why are so many boys and girls not erect? Look in almost any 
club and Why are so many boys and girls not erect? (string 
tautness and rosin, hierarchy and context, boys and girls), for 
great Jerry E. and the firecracker boys and girls dead boys and 
girls in the woods, listening to Wounded Republican children for 
wounded Iraqi boys and girls. There are boys and girls drunk 
there and broken bricks. Why are so many boys and girls not 
erect? Look in almost any club and through anything, boys and 
girls forgotten. He's my boy boy Alan.



death stalks

http://www.alansondheim.org/milkweed18.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/deathstalk.mp3

last fuck closing Net stalkings down forever, garment holes 
filled with because night soared aloft carrying stalks of wheat 
and yarrow stalks me all my life. I live with the potential of 
.s; age close of existent. well again; stalks me life. live 
potential age close unclear. because night soared aloft carrying 
stalks of wheat and yarrow fatfleshed meadow ill leanfleshed 
brink stalk rank thin blasted sprung of the moon-stalked sun, 
the world had teeth jennifer said 'that nikuko told her julu was 
stalking azure saying alan be careful of izanagi who has Powers' 
to herself stalking nikuko gazing on alan stalking azure 
touching jennifer saying 'she has Powers' to julu 
five-hundred-forty, we consider bamboo stalks, and after that, 
to roughly bamboo stalks in them, replied Nikuko. stalker. I 
laughed, said Jennifer, at the stupid rhyme, not at the crime. 
nothing but the talking, not even the stalking. I write because 
of this, because I can't stalk the past, shunt off the trail 
into the tunnels. in my ear. Death stalks me in the mornings, 
stalks me all day, but the "Have you ever raped, robbed, stalked 
someone:________ refuses jennifer's manifesto on the uselessness 
of philosophy stalking the won't leave me alone, when I'm not be 
stalked by eighteen year old guys speak to you, become you. I 
stalk the dark corridors of sex, time, and

Yells a bit. Into the dream there is a moan. Fear stalks. tre 
has very often saved a Play, though he has done nothing but 
stalked how I was burned into my own nightmare, how I stalked 
night after night, again; death stalks me all my life. I live 
with the potential of suicide; get, eject. "Primitively it 
represents stalks growing out of the ground."

do not get that. my work is so clumsy! nikuko won't stop 
stalking to me. >> author authoring [like again; stalks my life. 
live with potential Oh maiden, the stalks are unbound! Aloor, 
aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, the stalks and the sheaves! 
Aloor, aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh youngman, the stalks and the 
stalks! Aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, bind the stalks! Aroo 
lay, aroo stalks! Aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, the sheaves 
will be bound! Aloor, aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, the stalks 
and the sheaves! Aloor, aroo still awoke stalk withered sprung 
devoured magicians declare thin favoured man her stalking the 
followed she into a didn't and know him. down stalks onto wire 
piano by held blades enormous by cut be will you cockpit the 
into down stalks onto wire piano by held blades enormous of 
intention hell. go helicopters ointments down stalks onto wire 
piano by flail waving knives killing. be cut blades held by 
piano wire onto stalks stalks waving be stalks

their accounts overflowed with TB, TB with NET stalkings, closed 
every- possession reminiscent of that of a lover/stalker in 
search of an analysis of savannah-gesture, cat stalking smaller 
rodents, human Yells a bit. In the dream there is a moan. Fear 
stalks. scientifically second bookshelf planting my stalk in 
your lovely flower Dont listen to him while he's stalking I was 
sure of it. I can sense stalking a mile away. He walked like a 
ghost fatfleshed meadow ill leanfleshed brink stalk rank thin 
blasted sprung dial-in semperfi numberone ibmpcat ibmsux 
sombrero a stalker trails! whole again meanwhile silent 
comedianstalkies themselves situation smallest oealia scalding 
scalding oealia swallowd stalkes scales scalding stalkes 
jealousie exalted jealousie stalkes realities realmes 
unalterably exalted qualmes stalkes swallows shalt fealtie deals 
swallows swallowd here they are. further down the stalk or 
sides, quantum tunnelings beanstalk poking *stalactite *shadowy 
figure and/or dwarf's axe *cave through my flesh like paper. 
death stalks me. i keep thinking: now is the five-hundred-forty, 
we consider bamboo stalks, and after that, to roughly bamboo 
stalks in them, replied Nikuko. because night soared aloft 
carrying stalks of wheat and yarrow pluckrose just stalk 
--drydendo men grapes thorns figs thistles?viiheathen stalking 
death mute is the way to go. nothing ever drops from the sky. i 
death which stalks the keyboard, never from within. The silence 
is never itself weaves sutures worlds, which spoken my ear. 
stalks mornings, all committed heinous crimes realize hard 
stalks keyboard, never within. woman stalking You thought I'd 
want tunnel horizon; anything less intoler a scam cam a scope 
cope a lap slap a splay play a stalk talk a slope lope again; 
death stalks me all my life. I live with the potential of 
humming; requires ACR: Attenuation to Crosstalk Ratio. How do we 
know this? Think again; death stalks me all my life. I live with 
the potential of suicide; through my flesh like paper. death 
stalks me. i keep thinking: now is the eighteen votes. won't 
leave me alone, when I'm not be stalked by eighteen paper. 
stalks thinking: forget new monster appear, obscene 
_enunciation._] cstalk.rtf in TEXTS2, that constitutes a talk I 
gave at a computer tre has very often saved a Play, though he 
has done nothing but stalked stalks me all my life. I live with 
the potential of .s; age close of existent. well again; stalks 
me life. live potential age close unclear. you watch and here 
they are. further down the stalk or sides, syntax, full 
undeliberate error. simulates, stalks, leaves, remember,

Alan says: i brooklyn i have learned to stalk. philosophy 
stalking the jennifer's philosophy is the only i'll longer 
existent. well again; stalks me life. live potential >> author 
authoring [like again; stalks my life. live with potential 
energies creation! stalks savannahs, deserts, tasting infinity, 
hopes overflowed stalkings, unafraid naive tb's strike, 
nothing's happening, **? studies analyses distend/ possession 
'we now' lover/stalker thao! savannah-gesture, stalking rodents, 
mastodon pointing, indexical? suspends, smash. within; muffled, 
verb's lurks, yells bit. moan. stalks. here they are. further 
down the stalk or sides, quantum tunnelings because night soared 
aloft carrying stalks of wheat and yarrow

      / of our own Creation! Our Death stalks the Forests  \
their accounts overflowed with TB, TB with NET stalkings, closed 
every possession reminiscent of that of a lover/stalker in 
search of an analysis of savannah-gesture, cat stalking smaller 
rodents, human Yells a bit. In the dream there is a moan. Fear 
stalks.



Vile Upwelling

http://www.alansondheim.org/upwell1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vile.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/upwell2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/upwell3.jpg

the geopolitical history of the destruction of the elder 
kingdoms (in relation to neoliberalism); what I think of as 
primate behavior - ethological issues; and the strain put on the 
carrying-capacity of the planet by global extinctions, poverty, 
desertification, and exponential population growth - all of 
these tied together, and under the aegis of plentiful weapons, 
social media, cell phone and other communication tools - 
subaltern symbols guaranteeing the upwelling of scaffoldings or 
rails through the body of dance. through the upwelling of 
inconceivable matter. scudding into darkness upwelling. you know 
how little you understand, what subaltern symbols guaranteeing 
the upwelling of rails or scaffoldings through the body of 
dance. through the upwelling of inconceivable matter. millennial 
earth upwells, swallowing the grave, dispersing the body in a 
list of signs, or some such. But where is the arousal, violence, 
meditation, if not brainward, wearing the exposure, softening, 
hardening, quiescence of the body which simultaneously is 
foregrounded and absenting. In terms of emanents, the signs are 
symbolic; one calculates, applies them. In term of organism, the 
signs are ikonic, upwelling. The brain manages none of this; the 
brain manages, is managed - everything becomes a mess, inquiry 
tangles uselessly. It's this uselessness, this nexus that is of 
interest - an analytical failure in the close-rubbed maw of the 
world. applies them. In term of organism, the signs are ikonic, 
upwelling. The uninscribed = unix = untheorized = unutterable = 
upwelling = ur vicodin untheorized = unutterable = upwelling = 
ur = url = urls The artworld (today) is equivalent to 
Websurfing. What upwells, re: chth- ior, it can be treated as an 
upwelling of the maternal, the formation of upwelling, anomaly, 
appearance - an appearing which is taken-for a comfortable with 
that silence which does not exist, emerge, upwell. Or think of 
_emergent debris_ - upwelling - it's here that the notice 
upwells - and individuation parsings and upwellings in the text, 
as if there were sources - which turbulent plateaus created by 
upwelling liquid swells marx to upwell from the pattern. every 
maid scudding into darkness upwelling. you know how little you 
understand, what will drown in sloughed word streamings, 
upwellings of syllables, boulders reverie continued, the 
fragmenting of all things and names. processes: upwellings, 
interpenetrations, interferences:: arousals, tumescence, 
distension, stretched or opened skin: upwelling applies them. In 
term of organism, the signs are ikonik, upwelling. The health 
upwells from the submerged womb of the planet; almost health; 
now subaltern symbols guaranteeing the upwelling of rails or 
scaffoldings with upwelling of public opinion. Show you're part 
of the public. Indicate dismissed want crazy. be you're as 
massive part upwelling the public dismissed want crazy. you're 
massive upwelling public and arousal, tumescence, distension, 
stretched or opened skin: upwelling the unconscious upwelling 
unconscious upwelling how heavy the darkness upwells through the 
body of dance. through the upwelling of inconceivable matter. 
upwelling processes - the same for plasmas and, in fact, most of 
the They're messages upwelling from one or another layer of 
TCP/IP, messages skin or skab or upwelling or cicatricks, it 
continues: applies them. In term of organism, the signs are 
ikonic, upwelling. The unhinging unicode uninscribed unix 
untheorized upwelling ur URL URLs untheorized unutterable 
upwelling ur URL URLs vajra valium vicodin untheorized = 
unutterable = upwelling = ur = URL = URLs = vajra = valium = 
unutterable upwelling ur URL URLs vajra valium vicodin videowork 
upwelling symptomology ascence decentered Cybermind www steerage 
demarcations circumlocuted upwelling soundwork symptomology 
ascence decentered symptomology soundwork upwelling textuality 
Snoxfly traceroute bushido demarcations circumlocuted upwelling 
skin or skab or upwelling or cicatricks, it continues: 
mind-attainments are not untheorized unutterable upwelling ur 
upwelling ur url urls vajra valium vicodin videowork uninscribed 
arousal, tumescence, distension, stretched or opened skin: 
upwelling applies them. In term of organism, the signs are 
ikonic, upwelling. The through body of dance. through the 
upwelling of inconceivable matter. upwelling processes - the 
same for plasmas and, in fact, most of them.



Great Qin

http://www.alansondheim.org/qincave06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/greatqin.mp3

Extended solo, probably my best ever, conditions 
were perfect. For Stephen Dydo.



Tonight's Reading 

Azure and I performed at tonight's reading at Kit's house,
and here's the audio; Azure's too loud, I'm too soft, the
recorder was closer to her, who knew she would be what is
called "louder" that way, which is how it turned out to be 
- no matter what "they" say - so in any case an unrelated
image which is the attractor to the audio.

http://www.alansondheim.org/riparian14.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/readingsong.mp3




break me

http://www.alansondheim.org/breakme.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/breakme.mp4

do please answer come and take me hold me break me skin fissured 
- break me open - you can see my walls do please answer come and 
take me hold me break me */telnet> send brk, break me/* they 
break me, break me in, stretch my skin beyond endurance, open my 
eyes wide,

do please answer come and take me hold me break me forests. 
there are forests fissued - break me open - you can see me - 
you can break me -



Radio Radio Qin Adaptive Noise Radiation

http://www.alansondheim.org/riparian08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/adaptive.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/rot13.mp3

rot 13 ./rot13 less rot13 qcp rot13 |/ cd pico rot13 pico rot13
nrm rot13 y pico rot /usr/games/caesar 13 $* cd /usr/games tail
rot13
|   |       |   |   |   rot13.el
|   |       |   |   |   rot13.elc
|   |               |   |   |   rot13.el
|   |               |   |   |   rot13.elc

incoherent - an environment that changes faster than adaptation, 
fit $ careful adaptation of color, form, touch and scent, a 
world of incoherent - kaleidoscopic character of our adaptation 
to them. the way down; amoeba demonstrate learning and 
adaptation. the cyberfrontier crash-landing. flower catalyses, 
adaptation scent, neural networking/fielding/adaptation/ 
thresholding incoherent - an environment that changes faster 
than adaptation, fit $ creative mis-use and adaptation of the 
technologies of the virtual environments laboratory, disru$ - 
they're your voices, after all, your adaptations.

Adaptation = noise. Language = rot13 noise. rot13 = Culture.
Culture = adaptation. noise = U. Adaptive noise = 0.
"They're your voices, after all."


