
Bindu.

http://www.alansondheim.org/amherst23.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bindu1.mp3 qin
http://www.alansondheim.org/bindu2.mp3 erhu
http://www.alansondheim.org/bindu3.mp3 gimri

Prepare.



Sun. Burst.

http://www.alansondheim.org/sun.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/sun2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sun1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sun3.mp3

5010-5020 khz, normal/pll/ssb




On Evil, Terror, Violence, Torture

http://www.alansondheim.org/x.jpg

(Part of a text for upcoming Pratt presentation this month; some
of this has already appeared in a different form.)


Facing, what?

If we face evil, comprehend it, examine it, watch those videos,
does that reduce us to catatonia? Does that empower us to act? 
Does it reduce us to fear and trembling, to terror?

It's not enough to say, this is the way the world has always 
been; the world, now, is not as it has always been.

Or is it enough to insist on the long lens, reach, of history, 
to insist that the past itself will teach us, that we can learn 
from it's - our - "mistakes"?

Another approach - this has nothing to do with us; this is the 
work of a miniscule number of people; this is the work of the 
made, the depraved, criminals; this is the work of the lost; of 
the disenfranchised; of this or that group. But is this not also 
our group, isn't there, yet, the shade of Adolf Eichmann, the 
normalcy of evil? Then what is this?

Or this is for or against or the result of, neoliberalism - but 
this has always been with us, this resides within us, this 
defines us, at least a part of us.

Or that this is the result of social media, of technologies 
that spread everything everywhere, this is the result of the 
disseminated messenger. But social media, oral histories, 
ballads, newspapers, tablets, rumor, gossip, languagings, have 
also always been with us.

Or that ethology plays a role, sociobiology, that this is part 
of our primate heritage, that we may or may not overcome. Yes, 
and then what?

At the heart of all of this - absolute violence and anguish,
textual and oral inerrancies, symbolic acts and always 
totalization, the violence inherent in language and its 
recoding of histories.

At the heart of _all_ of this, death, and the erasure of death.


