


ISIS, Absolute Terror, Performance - archive for the month -

http://lists.cofa.unsw.edu.au/pipermail/empyre/2014-November/thread.html

check out also

http://lists.cofa.unsw.edu.au/pipermail/empyre/2014-December/thread.html

since the discussion spills over (time-zone dependent)

and last thoughts here -


centering, from here (lacks vigor)

http://www.alansondheim.org/fromherea.png (centering)
http://www.alansondheim.org/fromhere5.mp4 (centering, receding)

http://www.alansondheim.org/fromhereb.png

lack vigor; they're leaning too far into the dim light from here
here here, it's from here, from this voice, that the problematic
- it's from here nonetheless that i can only ask, should we not,
electrical substation across the plaza, tiny shooting star
moving south from here, almost overhead, a punctum, from here
nor there, neither to here nor there, from here, i'm sure.  I
understand this; I just don't know where to go from here, Get
out. Get away from here. Get out of here. Get out. I could not
go on from here, from there. I could not move, i'm thinking you
got to get as far from here as you can. you'll have to keep me
informed, where you go from here. nonetheless i can only ask,
should we not, is there an infinite plane extending - imagine
the possibilities - where one goes from here - the sink is
overturned deep below the surface of the ground - electrical
substation across the plaza - that's just around the corner -
they're moving in - from there, from the desert, dance, anita
berber, the three, love notes for anita, saved the multiverse,
i'm thinking you got to get as far from here as you can! the
electrical substation across the plaza! the electrical
substation across the plaza! from here nor there, neither to
here nor there, words babble, please, where does one go, from
here is just here, enough!


