

Notes rescued from the pain.txt:



PAIN.TXT


On (severe) Pain

Inexpressibility occurs because of the difficulty of expressing 
interior states that might not have a clearcut symptomology (as 
thirst does, for example) - and also because severe pain derails 
speech and language and thought, as the internalized horizon of 
the flesh is muted or screams in abeyance. All of this touches 
on the _pain of the signifier_ and its inexpressible relation to 
death - (Alan)

---

Doesn't pain negate and foreclose the signifier? The pain of the 
signifier for me is the pain of the _incision_ accompanying 
inscription; the world simultaneously expands and narrows. In 
Buddhism, I'd imagine (I'm fuzzy at the moment) all signifiers 
equal and empty; suffering and attachment imbues distinction 
with intentionality, capture.

The signifier's sharp; the numbness is what's created in the act 
of distinction. 

The signifier's not in the place of pain except for the 
observer; for the person undergoing (severe) pain, there is no 
place at all: that's the numbness. The signifier's the report; 
the distance between the report and the pain is also painful...

SO I wonder, why isn't THIS the focus of philosophy, for 
example, why all this talk before the curtain goes down? With 
the Bardo Thodol, the Tibetans have recourse to the symbolic; 
in a sense Tibetan Buddhism is a discourse about death, but 
again, by the living - the guiding continuing after the death, 
by the living, and it's a form of imagining and casting aside 
deity, a conscious form of eliminating the symbolic, so that 
emptiness occurs, and maybe enlightenment and maybe the cycle of 
rebirths comes to a halt.

I've never understood this, why one would want to halt the 
cycle, when life, if not fabulous, is full of novelty in spite 
of or through the suffering, but that's another story, or 
perhaps the same. - (Alan)

