
-


Hinge


Approaching the millennium is always on the side of the past. Encounter-
ing, the past is born elsewhere. This is a difference among the pasts and 
presents, not yet encountered. For what will have come in the 1990s will 
already have been relegated to an _other era._ What begins, begins with 
2000. (Never mind the arguments concerning 2001.) It is this gap I want 
to address, this transformation of our reckoning, shaking the very roots 
of temporality.

It is the rapture, the rupture of 2000; the _label_ is that of the past, 
the bracketing of a certain narrative, debris. 2000 is the moment of the 
first _surgical incision,_ marking a marked population which loses its 
past. The population possesses only embodiment and pure representation, 
what had been the past, constructed from the 19th century through the 
Annales group. "The past" no longer exists. There is no memory.

The incision is permanent tattoo. The incision marks the evolution or
petrification of what Derrida might label the _other heading_: "But beyond
_our heading,_ it is necessary to recall ourselves not only to the _other
heading,_ and especially to the _heading of the other,_ but also perhaps
to the _other of the heading,_ that is to say, to a relation of identity
with the other that no longer obeys the form, the sign, or the logic of
the heading, nor even of the _anti-heading_ - of beheading, of decapita-
tion." And no longer obeys, that is to say, the time of language itself,
the temporality of languaging: _after_ 2000, everything is inconceivably
_new,_ of that there is no doubt; even the tethering to 1999 is questiona-
ble, forgotten. (A newness in which "form," "sign," "logic,"  have no
place, or rather perhaps the _novelty_ of "form," "sign," "logic," 
"past.")

What we are doing _here,_ on this side (which will no longer be a side or
become a side), is the work of absence, not of preparation, for which
there is no need, and not of production. We are _biding time._ Momentar-
ily, we are the construct of time. Momentarily, we exist within the aegis
of tense, demarcations of temporal fields. 

The collapse will be in absolute silence, hardly an _existence._ Once
there, nothing will have _occurred,_ which is precisely the point, punc-
tum, construct that will have been forgotten. But we will never, this gen-
eration of those alive among the hinge, read or inscribe the past again;
never again will the past have existence _as past_ for us. In 2000, 1998,
1999, will be as if they had occurred in an indefinite and final progres-
sion, a matter of statisticians at best. And this, _naturally,_ no matter 
what we may think or do.

_We have never yet confronted the new._ (And so it will of course not be a
confrontation or an existence, neither an inscription nor a circumscrip-
tion. Thus it will be the same, fissured. Thus something never before con-
fronted.)


