
revrev SPIRITVOICE at Granoff Tonight (Preformer)

http://www.alansondheim.org/spiritvoice.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/spiritvoice1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/spiritvoice2.mp3

first live presentation through speakers in a performance
space, some rough spots, no clicks, modified version 1.5,
AzureVoice through altoclarinet, alto clarinet, radio 
lavalier mic, dual speakers ceiling mounted, high 
resonance space, mic in alto clarinet bell, Azurehands
cupped around open end, Alanhands working keys, then more
alto clarinet corner played against feedback, mic in bell,
then more later with audience, reverberation damping, and
exquisite

wonderful audience, thanks to everyone who came




Everything I've ever done or thought about on Facebook in my 
Recent Time on Earth Condensed into an Amazing Message for the 
Future:

http://www.alansondheim.org/blizzards25.jpg 
AlanHomeRequestsMessages1 NotificationsPrivacy ShortcutsAccount 
SettingsSondheim Sponsored Send money with TransferWise From the 
people who built Skype Sending abroad? Now you can save up to 
90% TransferWise. Warner Cable shoo.ly FREE professional 
installation by dedicated specialists. TV & internet for 
$44.99/Mo! Recent201520142013201220112010200920082007BornAdd 
Cover Photo Update Info View Activity Log5 
TimelineAboutFriends1,617Photos More Profile Picture Timeline 
Status/ VideoLife EventNews FeedYesterday at 1:01pmrev dan 
moihttp://www.alansondheim.org/revrevrevrev.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/revrevdanmoi.mp3... See 
alansondheim.orgLike ShareChris Hanis likes this.Write a 
comment...Beverly NelsonAlan 
1:21amhappyhappyhappyhappyhappyBIRTHDAY TOOOOO YOOOOO!!! Have 
beautifultime friend! Yay! Thank so much!1:47am Gabriel 
GuddingAlan February 4 10:30pmHappy Birthday, Alan. Much love 
you, friend.UnlikeYou like likewise, would see again, 
wonderfulmemories 12:49am 10:04pmNOW THE WORLDNEW WILD 
+http://www.alansondheim.org/newwild.png...Continue 
ReadingKristin DonnerAlan 2:21pmbirthday, Alan!!! sunshiny 
wishes from California.smile emoticon Aw and yay! you!4:56pm 
12:41pmIf you're NY, might definitely, absolutely, without 
doubt,incontrovertibly, WANT TO GO THIS!!!!! Babycastles's 
photo.GoingWordHack VIII Feat. Darius KazemiFriday, 20 
7:00pmBabycastles New York, York64 are goingAzure Carter, 
Maralie Else Matthew Astill Esp Disk'10:17amWishing day-late 
birthday Sondheim!You, Hanis, Steve Holtje others Spent evening 
working clarinet... 10:53am 2Henry WarwickAlan 
9:56amBirthday!!!!Nada GordonAlan 8:47ambelated, bubule!The 
bubule makes day!10:55am Eli V ManuscriptAlan 1:32amhppy brthdy 
friendthank blood pull will tell!1:40am 7 friends posted your 
timeline birthday.Birthday: 35 more posts11:41pmWish I could 
make this!PHILADELPHIA PHENOMENAFeb 2015, 8:00 PMRotunda, 4014 
Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PAElliott Levin- reeds, 
wordsJamaaladeen Tacuma- bass...11:39pmToday, Birthday Day of 
Execution http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia02.png 
http://www.alansondheim.org/forth.mp3Suzon Fuks, Susan Loftin, 
Gerald Schwartz 11 13 commentsNabil Kanso Birthday!7:03pm Robert 
Salsburg Alan!7:23pm Edited gosh, much!, - 10:10pm Fuks bon 
anniversaireSee Translation8:04am 
10:39pmGNOSIMAGONE:http://www.alansondheim.org/gno4.pngMOURNVUL 
ECEIP: FALLEN:...Merry Zeisopulu Fung-Lin Hall9:05pmHapppy 
http://www.mutanteggplant.com//alan-sondheim-birthday-poe/Vitro 
Nasu Blog Archive Poem Philosophy,Simple, Pretention :: Art, 
Humor, Culture.mutanteggplant.comHall, Riki Traum post #2... do 
#3.. tomorrow..9:06pm AW THANK YOU YOU!10:42pm mentioned Brown 
lecture..10:46pm again!12:29am 9:01pm 
http://www.mutanteggplant.com//02/03/alan-sondheim-f-lying/F- 
lyingLinda Karpell coming.. Sondheim.. thisyear created an 
avalanche .. lol.. 9:02pm Wow, photo we worked these 
WestVirginnia! 10:43pm 4:22pmSnowcut 
Geologyhttp://www.alansondheim.org/geology2.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/geology6.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/geology3.jpg...Nelson Sean Smith 
reminds me 
of:http://enthalpicgesture.tumblr.com/.../gad-fleischwitz... 
Enthalpic Gesture, Gad Fleischwitz Snow White Forensics 10,... 
10, 2013...enthalpicgesture.tumblr.com4:41pm Remove 
PreviewThanks sending there somesimilarities 6:49pm 
9:13pmGnostalgia http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia10.png 
http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia.mp4 
http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia04.png...Katarina 
Djordjevic Urosevic, Helen J Burgess, Michael RothenbergBob 
Diamond Love it.12:28am greatly 2:03am 2:28amdwelling, audio 
fluidics, softwarehttp://www.alansondheim.org/verra.png(luke 
damrosch 
software)http://www.alansondheim.org/verra0.mp3...January 31 
1:24pmMurnau Our Place have No RelationEspecially Harmonica 
REVREVhttp://www.alansondheim.org/conraddress.jpg...30 
11:05pmbig filmhttp://www.alansondheim.org/gran3.png 
http://www.alansondheim.org/thebigfilm.mp4 
http://www.alansondheim.org/gran4.png2:41pmALAN SONDHEIM 
PRESENTATION AT BROWN UNIVERSITY6th, 7, Granoff Center (see 
below)http://www.alansondheim.org/alansondheim.jpgBroken World, 
Steeragethinking through blankness, terror, broken worldsThere 
is material distorted motion capture employed virtual worlds; 
considerations terror genocide termsanguish unutterable; 
phenomenology blizzards whiteout; revrev ? live reverse 
reverberation anticipatorymusic; practical-theoretical issues 
gamespace/edgespace.Join talk presentation 7pm 6 Englander 
Studio, University. This event free open 
public.cross-disciplinary artist, writer, theorist. He recently 
completed successful residency Eyebeam Art Technology York; 
while henumber collaborators performances soundpieces dealing 
pain annihilation. also series texts 3d printing models ?dead 
woundedavatars.? Nova ScotiaCollege Design 2011-2012 was 
resident York. In had bookpublished Virginia University Press, 
Writing Under,last released two cds experimental 
improvisation.his website:http://www.alansondheim.org/lives 
partner co-worker, Carter Providence, RI.PLEASE SEE URL BELOW; 
OUTLINE OF TALK http://www.alansondheim.org/granoff.rtfbeen 
variety media, Cave music improvisation, etc. I'll 
presentmaterials all this, within framework worlds.University, 
Center, 6, p.m.Room N420154 Angell RIKaris Shearer, Christopher 
Keep, 28 shareMaria Damon knock 'em out, 6:48pm Lee misread 
initially, as Gandolf Centre Shared. People should go. He's 
actual thinker. 7:22pm Chimera Eterna6:15am 
http://www.alansondheim.org/perf_20.png 
http://www.alansondheim.org/munif.mp3Munif6:16am 11:55am When 
did attend University?pending itemsFriends1,617Jeremy 
HightmIEKAL aNDWillow GraySachiko HayashiDonna KuhnMarc 
GarrettPhotos119Atlanta history flashback tbt ....September 20, 
1984, PowerGender, artist-initiated exhibition, opens unoccupied 
commercial warehouse space Castleberry Hill, Atlanta! IL PRIMO 
LIBRO IN VAL BORMIDA con le fotografie dei partigiani 
locali.