
complicated


http://www.alansondheim.org/complicated1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/complicated.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/complicated2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/complicated3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/complicated4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/complicated5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/complicated6.png

sheaves of sources within the localhost, the net, the object, 
the theaterical screen, the history of the image, each the 
presence-control of the other, each watching among the others, 
then from different programs, I'd say different ontologies

well, yes, all within the digital and therefore these things are 
resting within dynamic files, a way to think about them, but 
beyond that, well I mean there might be changes, not within the 
files but they might be generators

I'm getting confused now, it's complicated, for one thing the 
sources range from computer to computer but there are operators 
standing by so to speak/see, gathering, augmenting, so they're 
in different places

sometimes images generated from within or fabricated from 
template which might or might not be illustration or drawn from 
memory of life, sometimes flesh and blood performers, or 
performers within the aegis of flesh and blood, what then, or 
there might be the avatar in front of it all who is constantly 
intended

but then released to the manipulated ghosts of others who 
performed the gestures given to hir, so there's an economy of 
gifts and uncanny depths at work here, or projections from 
uncanny depths, if you were there you could walk among all of 
this create your own projection, which in memory fills out, a 
sail blown by the wind, a backlit sail, you can see the sea in 
the distance, there are clouds in the sky, and from any angle

angle or angel for these beings come through any plane or solid 
that's projected, remember the dream screen, that illusion of 
theory and theoretical illusion, or the world of the book and 
other configurations, it's complicated

and we might want to look instead for bardo world generations, 
projections, and their completions, and in the long run whether 
or not we go with an ontology of emptiness makes absolutely no 
difference in this world or any other, or even within the 
illusion of a world or the illusion of emptiness itself, you're 
not really going anywhere here but the wagon seems to drive 
itself, the energy in this part of the country is most likely 
from coal or nuclear, you can't really tell from the stacks, no 
residue within or among the virtual

the figures are complicated, ctenophores, mavens of distributed 
intelligence, knots, ganglia, not the condensations we take for 
intelligence, but the displacements, that other figure forming 
the basis of dreams, these aren't dreams but the processes at 
work convey a certain similarity

and the uncanny again, then layers gleaming, none of them 
testimony of the witness, none of them speaking from volition, 
that's the diacritical always already elsewhere, increasingly 
itself embedded in the machinery, when the world of the book for 
example becomes the world itself, precisely in a dynamic 
symbolic, incipient consciousness, embodiment, so these are, 
among other things and processes, thought thinking itself, it's
complicated

so how the world is, this is that, this is it for the duration 
of the period of complexity and its momentary consciousness


"Colonial critique is complicated, and somewhat enabled, by the 
fact of Fri Feb 4 14:35:03 EST 2000. This is complicated, he 
said, trying to make this complicated. Years ago I wrote an 
article for _Obscura_ on the sou esentations complicated 
technology. complicated themselves Video vi Video these 
themselves embedding a esentations complicated technological the 
embedding p esentations complicated technology. complicated 
themselves video vi e in is complicated embedding (singula th 
ough the a ity-eye beginning) thei e in is complicated embedding 
(singula was simply memorized by the telegraph operator.)) It 
was just as complicated meltdowns modelling, thresholds loopings 
loopings, robust by simply memorizing the telegraph operator. It 
was just as complicated as anything else you'd find in these 
parts."

for example or something else entirely, it's complicated




Text


*/ by Kathleen Ottinger, Alan Sondheim /*


http://www.alansondheim.org/around.png

