==



Long and Short of IT

http://www.alansondheim.org/las1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/las2.jpg

oh ho 0 I 0.533 a 18270 18270, :~ 
you uhoh ^~me ^~she ^~him ^A And Beneath But Deconstruction Do 
For days, Hi! name? Hold there! been In Let making? Let's make 
Oh Where One What's That Well, What to ok you~^ me~a^ me~:^ 
him~^ she~^ me~^ C^ D^ B^ you~:^ ^ A^?^ 3~^ ^: :: A^ you~ you~?  
::^ you~: ^B ^D ^C ^~ ^:~me ^a~me ^:~ ^~3 :~me you:7 you27me:^ 
^?^A :^ ^:me72 you7: you:^ me~: me~, let's ^? gender! about 
already any be here! call in case, categories we close 
constitution future? constructs neurotic contact depressed have 
descriptor! primary do easy, feel your for us, want gender is 
get started! going! granted. has 0.him33 here, with it just its 
marginalizes me minutes mourning! taken must on trouble or our 
right second! sedate subverting the surface, take taking thing? 
this you? this... you're well, what within


oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho 0 0 
I 0.533 a 18270 18270, :~ you uhoh uhoh ^~me uhoh uhoh ^~she 
uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^A 
uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^~she uhoh uhoh ^~she And you Beneath 
Beneath But Deconstruction Deconstruction Do you For days, Hi! 
name? Hold there! I been In Let making? Let's make Oh Where One 
What's That Well, What What to What's Well, Where ok uhoh you~^ 
uhoh uhoh me~a^ uhoh uhoh me~:^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ 
uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh C^ uhoh uhoh D^ uhoh 
uhoh B^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh you~:^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh 
uhoh me~^ uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh 
you~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh 
C^ uhoh uhoh D^ uhoh uhoh B^ uhoh uhoh A^?^ uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh 
^: uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ 
uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh 
uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh ^ uhoh :: uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh 
uhoh 3~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh 
uhoh A^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh 
uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh 
uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh A^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh 
uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh you~ uhoh 
uhoh 3~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh 
uhoh A^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh 
uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh you~?  uhoh uhoh you~:^ uhoh 
uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ 
uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh 
me~^ uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh you~^ 
uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh ^ uhoh ::^ uhoh uhoh you~^ 
uhoh uhoh me~a^ uhoh uhoh me~:^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ 
uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh C^ uhoh uhoh D^ uhoh 
uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh ^ uhoh ::^ uhoh 
uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh me~a^ uhoh uhoh me~:^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh 
uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh ^ uhoh ::^ uhoh 
uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh me~a^ uhoh uhoh me~:^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh 
uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh C^ uhoh uhoh D^ uhoh uhoh 
B^ uhoh uhoh A^?^ uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh ^: uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh uhoh 
she~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh ^ uhoh ::^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh 
me~a^ uhoh uhoh me~:^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh 
me~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh 
me~^ uhoh uhoh you~:^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh ^ uhoh 
uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ 
uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh you~:^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ 
uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh 
uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh C^ uhoh uhoh 
D^ uhoh uhoh B^ uhoh uhoh A^?^ uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ 
uhoh uhoh A^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ 
uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh you~:^ uhoh uhoh you~^ 
uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh C^ uhoh 
uhoh D^ uhoh uhoh B^ uhoh uhoh A^?^ uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh ^: uhoh 
uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh A^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh 
uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh 
uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh A^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh 
uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh 
uhoh you~:^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh 
uhoh A^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh 
uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh you~:^ uhoh uhoh A^?^ uhoh 
uhoh 3~^ uhoh ^: uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ 
uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh A^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ 
uhoh uhoh A^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ 
uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh you~: uhoh uhoh B^ uhoh 
uhoh A^?^ uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh ^: uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ 
uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh A^ uhoh uhoh him~^ 
uhoh uhoh ^B uhoh uhoh ^D uhoh uhoh ^C uhoh uhoh ^~ you uhoh 
uhoh ^~me uhoh uhoh ^~she uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^:~me uhoh 
uhoh ^a~me uhoh uhoh ^D uhoh uhoh ^C uhoh uhoh ^~ you uhoh uhoh 
^~me uhoh uhoh ^~she uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^:~ you uhoh uhoh 
^~me uhoh uhoh ^~she uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^~3 uhoh uhoh 
:~me uhoh uhoh ^a~me uhoh uhoh ^~ you uhoh uhoh ^: you:7 
you27me:^ uhoh ^~3 uhoh uhoh ^?^A uhoh uhoh ^B uhoh uhoh ^~ you 
uhoh uhoh ^ uhoh ^~me uhoh uhoh ^~me uhoh uhoh ^ uhoh ^~me uhoh 
uhoh ^~ you uhoh uhoh ^:~ you uhoh uhoh ^~me uhoh uhoh ^~she 
uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^A 
uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^~she uhoh uhoh ^~she uhoh uhoh ^~3 
uhoh uhoh :: uhoh ^ uhoh ^~ you uhoh uhoh ^~ you uhoh uhoh ^~him 
uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^A uhoh uhoh ^~him uhoh uhoh ^~she 
uhoh uhoh ^~she uhoh uhoh ^~3 uhoh uhoh :^ uhoh ^~3 uhoh uhoh 
^?^A uhoh ^:me72 you7: you:^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh me~a^ 
uhoh uhoh me~: uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ 
uhoh uhoh him~^ ^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh ^ uhoh 
uhoh me~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ 
uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh ^ uhoh ::^ uhoh ^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh 
me~a^ uhoh uhoh me~, ^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh me~a^ uhoh uhoh 
me~, let's ^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh me~^ uhoh 
uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh C^ uhoh uhoh D^ uhoh uhoh B^ uhoh uhoh A^?^ 
uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh ^ ^ uhoh uhoh him~^ uhoh uhoh she~^ uhoh uhoh 
me~^ uhoh uhoh you~^ uhoh uhoh C^ uhoh uhoh D^ uhoh uhoh B^ uhoh 
uhoh A^?^ uhoh uhoh 3~^ uhoh ^? a gender! about about already 
any be Let been here! call in case, case, categories we close to 
constitution future? constructs constructs neurotic contact 
contact days, already depressed have descriptor! primary do call 
easy, feel your for us, future? want gender is gender! That get 
started! going! us, granted. granted. has 0.him33 have in here! 
depressed here, in do is with it just its just make let's get 
make a making? marginalizes me me minutes mourning! mourning! 
taken must must name? on neurotic trouble ok let's on One or or 
our be primary our right right second! second! your sedate 
started! Let's subverting the surface, surface, take take taken 
minutes taking Oh the you there! Hi! thing? Do this you? this... 
this... to you're trouble for us, want constitution we well, 
well, is what with get within within you this you're you? going! 
your Hold



spectacle of labor

http://www.alansondheim.org/icicle8.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/spectacle2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/spectacle.wav

we have been worrying about the world, and the .wav file needed 
the higher frequencies originally produced from a folk 
shakuhachi, the .mp3 file is the di giorgio classical guitar, i 
find myself furious with myself and therefore try to reach the 
limits of the instruments, the folk shakuhachi modified by hiss 
reduction and revrev, the guitar, a flamenco guitar, has 
surround sound added, i will calm myself playing in a large 
auditorium, spectacle because ascent and descent, assent and 
dissident, assonance, dissonance and descendents

(one thing might be of interest here - the form of improvisation 
i work with - moving between D and E major and minors, bass 
drones or parallels, quick transformations between styles 
carrying the traces of tune, thick 'jazz' and power chords, 
flamenco minors, etc. i've wanted to write on this, but doubt 
anyone would be interested further. the music holds up, though, 
and the .wav file continues an exploration of thinned-out 
tonalities, cutting through histories of music.)




buki


http://www.alansondheim.org/smudge5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/buki1.mp3 jinashi shakuhachi
http://www.alansondheim.org/buki2.mp3 jiari shakuhachi

playing inward, playing outward

jinashi, natural bore, i can't begin to write into or through 
this. but the bamboo speaks, one inhabits the bamboo, buki1, 
playing for me, inward :: jiari, modern tuned bore, wider, 
precise, i think of this as an instrument, the sound a visitor 
or visitation, it's here that i'd take my distance.

i can't play either of them, they relax me, i am capable of calm 
thought, thinking through sound, and somewhere between the two 
of them my own music, sonic architecture, lies, the uncanny body 
of the player and instrument, the porous membrance of world and 
organism, entangled, of no substance, nothing tangled, nothing 
untangled, certainly nothing clear breath, modes among them

i think constantly of these modes, as i see them, jinashi-jiari, 
and since my voice cannot carry a tune, in my sleep, among the 
dream-hall, un-dream-screen (why always so visual), emergent, 
these sounds, smeared, coughed among others, inward breath, 
outward breathing, something gathering, hakuin, something,
but certainly not music


thanks to monte levenson and perry yung for their brilliant work 
(levenson's shakuhachi, yung's reconditioning)



themtheory


http://www.alansondheim.org/themtheory4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/themtheory.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/themtheory2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/themtheory3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/themtheory1.png

1 variety
2. orders
3. quantity and distribution
4. common themes
5. staying with it
My work is 

from themtheory


alto gatha shakuhachi

http://www.alansondheim.org/altoshaku.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/altoshaku.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/altoshaku15.jpg

alto clarinet, internal breath, composite, reed, metal
reed metal song -

"alto gatha i elsewhere. alto gatha. another matter alto gatha. 
different sea alto gatha. direction alto gatha. matter alto 
gatha. something else alto gatha. structure alto gatha 
imaginaries - - - - another technique - - alto gatha, picking up 
plants - three elements alto gatha - a genetic determinism; a 
'matrix' of physical local cultures, but a decathecting of 
culture alto gatha. They're the filtered way, or a foreign way 
alto gatha, not at all related, just as the read it as a 
meta-commentary or subversion - or ignore it alto gatha, Or is 
net.sex a qualitatively different form of sexuality alto gatha? 
Coleridge - perhaps I should give up art alto gatha - at least 
this THIS well, the result I think of ignoring the lower octave 
alto gatha, and extras but small, i think perhaps thirteen 
thousand alto gatha, we have --I'm saying what I'm saying. This 
was written alto gatha, I'm sure, the full version of ladada, i 
will eliminate it alto gatha. walking blind, sometimes falling 
out of the gallery alto gatha, ending up like a particular 
camcorder - I may reject consumer video alto gatha, said 
nothing; the ban continued until I finally signed off alto 
gatha. restaurants, and the yatai lie in another direction alto 
gatha. I notice that is another matter alto gatha - as well as a 
certain competency in categories were another matter alto gatha; 
we repeatedly worked with out, when I'll have to stop playing 
alto gatha. So now many left for 'better pastures' outside the 
school system alto gatha. various shapes--and the object _to 
repress alto gatha,_ on the suggestion various shapes object 
repress alto gatha ground such discussion alto gatha. What is 
occurring epistemologically leaves the traditional alto gatha!) 
And the screen looks like any book (I've made mistakes!), 
imagine, said Izanagi, adding, perhaps in another universe alto 
gatha. image; but creatures, ye are not alto gatha immortal and 
alto gatha and they'll be returned or not. Sometimes I have to 
get down handle the overflow. We stopped paying rent alto gatha 
when we word is, for, me, an other issue alto gatha, an issue of 
inscription the * into another realm alto gatha molecular 
turmoil bringing leave text alto gatha, sink lower margins page, 
else alto gatha. You remain within the text which is iin three 
parts - the booleans. booleans; alto gatha; repeatedly 
positions, mm magdalene satan. ymodem, zmodem, ascii? perfect, 
wordstar, editing, vi emacs, alto gatha? the board alto gatha, 
beside or beyond the raster or mineral me to sleep better and 
stop dreaming alto gatha. All of us need a perman- Or any 
ordering of phonemes alto gatha. Thus Tzara, for example, as 
alto gatha a download of six megabytes, not too strong, another 
matter, that of the machinic, alto gatha); the posts come in, 
abandoning the structure of the sentence alto gatha, or at least 
its dream-state, the content of which varies alto gatha in 
character according or minimal harmonies (gagaku), and different 
sonic structures alto gatha ling MOMMYDADDYBABY alto gatha, what 
a muddle! Every other TV commercial alto gatha, which, on the 
MOO, is not a pseudonym, but an exact character newsgroups alto 
gatha, ignore the MOOs and MUDs, and go straight to Edgar In the 
first, the camera leaves the avatar alto gatha, in order to peer 
ing and interpretation. The endurance is another matter alto 
gatha; I am skipping that stage the image disappeared alto gatha 
epistemology alto gatha, at the last in terms of doxa. 1988, 
published.) strategies - including the moment of the absence of 
syntax alto gatha. If <Tiffany:1> alto gatha of the other. 
yourself out of the program alto gatha, exiting, with nowhere to 
go but But death on the street is another thing alto gatha; 
suddenly every- Usenet, say with the tin reader, is another 
framework alto gatha. Messages disappeared alto gatha from the 
town, probably through renaming. string; there are, then, almost 
three octaves available alto gatha with it's a different 
phenomenology alto gatha. character alto gatha). But they do 
reflect, I think, certain medium- walking occurs._ could this be 
another phenomenon alto gatha? dispensed with alto gatha. This 
is an antinomy in the strict sense of the spaces alto gatha, btw 
this will continue until i stop it - it's not true alto gatha. 
separate. Eight Three live morirlo out. available. [ But a 
different answer, away from capital, may be given alto gatha, 
(Of course, the digital creates a different system alto gatha, 
[A note, that time alto gatha, within a different unraveling, is 
no un- diegesis is another kind of unfolding alto gatha. That 
core-theoretical alto gatha; i cannot sing or even carry a tune; 
it's as if are not the singled or doubled orderings, but of _a 
nature alto gatha._ leave text alto gatha, sink to the lower and 
blank margins of the page, a presses and finally disappears alto 
gatha. It disappears as lather; the teach alto gatha, pointed 
disrepair equipment) insisting into interview. I can go with Z 
to another site alto gatha, chat there. I can chat with 
takes/makes the world with it, or abandons the world alto gatha. 
ing on another plane alto gatha. technique alto gatha, picking 
plants in ytalk quoted triply raining out alt.sex.fem alt.*, 
wildcard alt. moved alto gatha, `virtual reality' lost this site 
alto gatha -- a dead link on the navigation menu indicate else. 
else alto gatha manipulated. that, camera remain elusive, B' 
points elsewhere alto gatha, and 'not both A and B' points 
either off the board alto gatha, beside or beyond the raster or 
mineral is another question alto gatha, certainly transforming 
the subject mat- or another qin alto gatha, perhaps someone else 
been through with alto gatha, their concentration. Even the 
smells have known, different mealings alto gatha. titutes 
another narrative alto gatha. 'I'm about politics, says the 
recum- within another register alto gatha. All of this occurs 
within a frame, and shutter alto gatha. The result would be a 
black negative, white ordering of phonemes alto gatha. Thus 
Tzara, for example, as well. an other story alto gatha... ) kind 
of experience alto gatha? What is the phenomenology of jectivity 
in alterity alto gatha altx alway always am amazing american 
amerika among alto gatha. Although I am known as a video artist, 
my art has increas- in vi or emacs, or another system alto 
gatha? Do you use a laptop now its off in another dimension alto 
gatha Im nowhere sure N+1, or taking on another voice 
application alto gatha, with or without mance alto gatha. And in 
dance: as if we're in this together, as if a time that the 
channel, in fact, has not been derailed alto gatha, as often 
non-existent; alto gatha. artist, increasingly visible. 
contacts, artnet points elsewhere alto gatha, and 'not both A 
and B' points either else- self between 49% and 52% rebuilt alto 
gatha; and micro-technologies (pirate radio) and abjuring 
technology alto gatha. dream-states will diminish and even 
subside alto gatha. This has happened and it's line and length 
and tinged alto gatha, tainted with scents and ing 
administration alto gatha, and then what will happen? '3' alto 
gatha. In English, the number words are unary, however. danmoi 
is in another direction alto gatha. it's capable of; the burne, 
we're in another realm alto gatha, that of the flesh refusing 
retrievable, _enunciated,_ is another thing alto gatha, and it's 
here that alto gatha go elsewhere, so, moving while, reveals 
itself, does poverty, alto gatha insight smack sodium thiopental 
somnifacient soother sub-world alto gatha, another domain or 
phenomenological horizon. It is deprivation, fun-house mirror. 
Some people can ignore it alto gatha, most applying them to 
something alto gatha different only limited else. but that 
something else alto gatha is necessary to think about these or 
(my favorite!!!!!) forget ONE OF THE BALLOOOSN alto gatha! go 
out of world, leave the lifespace alto gatha. That's fine with 
me; it's the wild (if not alto gatha), etc. I don't see any 
point in facing like it or not. Instead, one may ignore the 
gallery alto gatha - or nay hide command household justice 
judgment cry whether alto gatha drew alto gatha drew 
peradventure spare far find sakes answered speak ashes pulled 
spoken. alto gatha, (perhaps cf: --those anti=matter. 
probability. become a searcher, or one might bypass the 
spiritual alto gatha. alto gatha, or speak, or remain silent. 
Let us say that silence and shadow but creatures, ye are not 
alto gatha immortal and indissoluble, but ye alto gatha due to 
printing errors, and the result is something like John tm 28k 
stop writing alto gatha, but recognizing that digital excludes 
them from the sifting-process alto gatha. But the ghosts alto 
gatha). Right or wrong, I think of this work as concerned with 
the the cessation of array activity alto gatha. I think of this 
as burrowing interior: alto gatha... supplementary irresolution 
response; (like curve) then leaving the drum alto gatha and go 
elsewhere, the sound that goes ing alto gatha, because as I 
pointed out the room I was given was in The avatar such as 
Jennifer references a different epistemology alto gatha but a 
painting is another matter alto gatha. literary studies alto 
gatha? As the hypertextual analyses distend/ alto gatha 
50,000,000 viewers, `s. astern.' monitoring, back-tracking, seen 
the willets use another technique alto gatha, picking up plants 
and aurality, into play; it is another world alto gatha, one 
ironically re- and might take it out alto gatha. I'd want as 
much of the 'Tibetan' and be the same at the beginning, the 
middle, and the end, and is alto gatha reality alto gatha, 
replaced it with a fantastic one; he leaves himself matter alto 
gatha, and it's this disassociation that seems to me, ensures 
111. Emergence of subcultural-noise cultural phenomena, 
simultaneously using micro-technologies (pirate radio) and 
abjuring technology alto gatha. properly is another question 
alto gatha. it's languor and lunges and a tong alto gatha, 
dynasties of tongs and im- rid ourselves of our bodies alto 
gatha. it's that 'this body' - its back to the surface of 
things. Moved out of usenet alto gatha, ending Sir,--I am alto 
gatha surprised at the proposal in your letter of -----. stop 
writing alto gatha, but recognizing that poetry title page - but 
the poems themselves are set in another style alto gatha.  
doesn't and can't, outside the gamespace alto gatha (a point in 
an expand- golden filled sounds everywhere around likeignore 
space spaces alto gatha within a formal system, [A] exists 
outside the system alto gatha. Consider!"



themtheoryii

http://www.alansondheim.org/tth.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/tth.mov (sound)

the enrollment of the variety clarifies the slope of the orders 
of breath, the quantity of themes 'otherwise' staying with the 
disorders or bridgings of the cork, metal, plastic, reed,

"He develops the investigation-of-states enlightenment factor 
dependent on seclusion, on fading away, on cessation, resulting 
in relinquishment." "'Contemplating fading away, I shall breathe 
in,' thus he trains himself, 'contemplating cessation, I shall 
breathe out,' thus he trains himself." (from Anapanasata Sutti, 
in Mindfulness of Breathing, Buddhists texts from the Pali Canon 
and Commentaries, trans. Bhikkhu Nanamoli, Buddhist Publication 
Society)

1 variety the surface of my work is full inconsistency. styles 
change abruptly; characters that were used up; new appear at 
times, only to disappear, write in background. media from text 
audio/video/image/web/performance and back again; kernel 
coheres. i am bored probably bore easily; investigate domain 
symbolic viewpoint messiness, messiness symbolic. codes 
languaging are always background, disseminated, dissimulated. 2. 
orders natural which leaks through manageriality; abjection 
smears devolves into incoherency; aphasias disorders real; brute 
insistent protocols; sexualities, acculturations, languagings 
body; materiality mathematical idealities; idealities physical 
materiali- ties; economics political symbolic, abstraction, 
geographic - all these subjects work, just as subject their 
fragile monarchic domains. 3. quantity distribution no 
distribution, infinite. phenomenological horizon commonality 
usage. distributivity unobtainable. art a praxis practice. also 
shearing-away, habit habitus. nudge. it won't survive net. 4. 
common themes theme hardening collapse attempting grasp 
'otherwise.' argument against totalization. violence code broken 
code. inhabiting broken. disaster. 5. staying with if you stay 
it, will come, sensate. begin anywhere, can end anywhere. what 
conceivable purpose would be conclusion? history perhaps, 
phenomenology history, rocky landscape stumbled over. i'd say 
works your brain, but that's presumptuous. mine, symptomology. 
tropes, symptoms cross-reference, you'll see. cross-reference. 
might not want it. never come.



the right hand knows what the left hand is doing

http://www.alansondheim.org/righthand5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/righthand2.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/righthand4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/righthand3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/righthand2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/righthand1.jpg

the left hand knows what the right hand is doing

(See Ways of the Hand, the Organization of Improvised Conduct, 
David Sudnow)

left hand
      41     526    2791 yy
right hand
      58     721    3978 ww

question is, can she keep control? That left hand of hers on the 
throttle i shall pile them on my left hand and my right. left 
hand rubs up against the jam, leans hard near where the ceiling 
i shall pile them on my left hand and my right. left hand rubs 
up against the jam, leans hard near where the ceiling not _that 
on the other's hand,_ which may be the left hand, the hand left 
behind, as well as the hand behind the back - or the left hand, 
which I left hand, place right hand over glass. PRESS . . . and 
it vanishes. The Jennifer outlined a subroutine in the scroll 
with her left hand. Azure has six fingerprints on her left hand, 
five on her right, six on each of her feet. The sixth on her 
left hand is on the palm; I imagine body forward, holding your 
hands concave/convex (the left hand arched away separated body 
forward, holding your hands concave/convex (the left hand open, 
right hand resting on her stomach, left hand on the edge of her 
left together, the left hand on the text and the right hand on 
the image. Daishin Nikuko climbed with her left hand. She met 
Daishin Nikuko com- and put his right and left hand upon him. 
The left hand side rear of the bottom of the coffin nailed to 
the back front of the coffin nailed to the left hand side of the 
coffin with two with two nails. The left hand side of the coffin 
nailed to the top of the the left hand side of the coffin with 
two nails. The floor of the coffin nailed to the left hand side 
of the coffin with two nails. Now what. i shall pile them on my 
left hand and my right. head shall them stomach left hand right. 
or the slow sweep of the bow as left hand fumbles for tone or 
tune, resorting to the question is, can she keep control? That 
left hand of hers The left hand, sinister, labors; it's at work 
making culture. It at. The right hand's tacit knowledge is 
misplaced; the left hand is in the material itself, the depths 
of the cavern. The left hand the nails on my left hand are 
almost always cut very short, but the material itself, the 
depths of the cavern. The left hand together, the left hand on 
the text and the right hand on the image. right hand upon his 
tail. With his cry shall the seas be moved, and he down the 
right hand side was struck i thik would give my right hand to 
save all of mankind. i would give my right left hand, place 
right hand over glass. PRESS . . . and it vanishes. The fingers 
of my right hand, which gives me considerable speed. There are 
played; they are all held in the right hand, with the thumb over 
the ing down the mountain, with great difficulty, her right hand 
holding using her strong right hand in her climbing. Jennifer 
continued to smoke from the cigarette in her right hand. The 
right hand is obedient, answering to the call of the left; the 
left is against the lower palm of the hand - and the right hand 
hovering all the on my right hand for guitar and that they 
embarrass me; that I cut my QUIET THERE (in the right hand 
corner) LITTLE THINGS MEAN A LOT. Separate! smile. Point across 
the space with the index finger of the right hand at from the 
body, the right hand arched towards the body), draw them across 
pile. Sweep outward with your right hand, indicating negation. 
Now you arched away from the body, the right hand arched towards 
the body), draw folded shut and fit perfectly in the palm of my 
right hand. My first stroke. I decide to look at 2- or 3-stroke 
right hand radicals. There is a open, right hand resting on her 
stomach, left hand on the edge of her left together, the left 
hand on the text and the right hand on the image. would give my 
right hand to save all of mankind. i would give my right ing 
down the mountain, with great difficulty, her right hand holding 
using her strong right hand in her climbing. can't do my usual 
with the right hand there are always other paths. but If the 
left and right hands have independent repeated patterns prime to 
the right hand side of the coffin with two nails. The right hand 
side rear nails. The right hand side of the coffin nailed to the 
front of the coffin coffin with two nails. The top of the coffin 
nailed to the right hand side The right hand side rear of the 
coffin has been nailed to the back rear of the right hand works 
through chinese Arabic and indian scales the One hand holds the 
bow. Let's say the right hand. The finger, touches the strings 
that the right hand, the bow hand, only hints at. The right 
hand's tacit knowledge is misplaced; the left hand inscribes; 
the right hand engages inscription. The right hand used to the 
right hand rarely touching the strings, but different right hand 
techniques right hand need guarding, they are often coated or 
gloved, they or instead, churn quick successions of notes as my 
right hand yueqin ('moon GUITAR') right hand they embarrass me; 
cut ten foot manifesto reglued yueqin ('moon GUITAR') right hand 
they guitarwork perfect. MacIsaac's right hand picking is the 
left or right hand positions, something amiss, not together, the 
left hand on the text and the right hand on the image.



dunno

http://www.alansondheim.org/geol14.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/intervallic.mp3

dunno but the clarion register's kinda swell but with the #1
reed, i dunno, it's kinda difficult to get up there though i
swell my breath and sometimes i dunno, it doesn't catch good.
but it's kinda swell in the chalumeau, all those intervallics.

you know you dunno you know you scare, dunno but you can tell us 
why you dunno either. sometimes i just sit here and wait for 
stuff to happen and bugsy molloy - i hear you you - i dunno, 
sometimes i think it's some kind thing comes up behind counter 
joking awhile could see kinda liberal so busted kinda high, "we 
got some swell times together." "I kinda like him too." "Hiya 
there "don't let them throw you!" "smart "i we're swell times 
together." kinda like huge yes; that's even it's up, you kinda 
believe useless. the believe I kinda floating between doing art 
for arts sake and crazy. At first I really was kinda worried, I 
dunno, it's swell. Oh, the turmoil! Oh, this is to those ghosts 
who swell our bodies, oh i can see the land swell around you 
like a wound, say see the land swell around you like a wound!, 
"let's have some swell times together." "I kinda like him too." 
"Hiya there, don't let them throw you." "smart swell times kind 
together, I dunno."




sparsing

http://www.alansondheim.org/spears.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/spears.mp4 then
http://www.alansondheim.org/spearing.mp4 now

they are training among us they are training within us
they are cancer among us they are retraining us
they are cancer they are restraining us
they are among us they are training us
they are training us



CONDENZ PLAYZ


http://www.alansondheim.org/playz.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/playz.txt UNCONDENZ

CONDENZ

LEST WE FORGET, A MORALITY BY JENNIFER, NIKUKO, 
JULU, AND ALAN

PROLOGUE BUKHARIN: Repentence is often attributed to the 
Dostoyevsky mind, specific properties ofthe soul ("l'ame slave" 
as it called), and this can be said of types like Alyosha 
Karamazov, heroes "Idiot" other characters, who are prepared 
stand up in public square cry: "Beat me, Orthodox Christians, I 
am a villain!" But that not case here at all. "L'ame psychology
characters thing remote past our country, pluperfect 
tense. Such do exist or perhaps only on outskirts small 
provincial towns, if they even there. On contrary, such 
psychology found Western Europe. JULU: Excellent. And what want 
you do, Alan, say. You will learn from very good way learn: 
VYSHINSKY: Tell us nature your wrecking activities. ZUBAREV: 
When was working seed cultivation department People's 
Commissariat Agriculture U.S.S.R., were accused Chernov spoke 
about yesterday: causing confusion cultivation, lowering quality 
seeds, employing bad mat- erials, sifting, careless storing, 
result all reduction yield, but also hostile mood peasantry, 
dis- satisfaction with these so-called selected seeds. Alan: 
This excellent, my best. What criminal activities People's 
R.S.F.S.R.? Here consisted first wrongly planning sowing 
vegetables; particular, little attention paid development 
vegetable growing eastern districts, where developing enormous 
importance... Jennifer: learning so hard here. PEOPLE'S 
COMMISSARIAT OF JUSTICE THE U.S.S.R. REPORT COURT PROCEEDINGS 
IN CASE ANTI-SOVIET "BLOC RIGHTS TROTSKYITES" Heard Before 
MILITARY COLLEGIUM SUPREME Moscow, March 2-13, VERBATIM REPORT, 
Published by MOSCOW 1938. Jennifer, Julu, Nikuko applaud.  All 
three together: wonderful! How matters stood butter, interest me 
stage investigation. have spoken salt, sugar, how held back 
commodities sale population sabotage, etc. did butter? ZELENSKY: 
We don't sell butter rural districts. asking sell. above selling 
main - country... see goes. amazing. They been out, clear end 
wreckers executed. Nothing could clearer. One must service one's 
country. LEVIN: ...Gorky loved fire, flames, we made use this. 
bonfire would lit for him. Just when Gorky feel fatigue after 
his work, chopped branches gathered together, flame kind- led. 
near bonfire, hot there, had harmful effect health... ...And 
fact, second third day arrival grippe-infected house, fell sick 
grippe. soon complicated croupous pneumonia imme- diately took 
serious turn. Nonetheless, Professor Pletnev consid- ered plan 
drawn carried through, purpose medicines which Julu: Oh oh, 
awful! an awful thing! cannot be- lieve is! PRESIDENT: As 
regards necessary bring decrease number livestock. RYKOV: Even 
more than that. These instructions, Goloded said, duly received 
poles... Oh! Attacks every side! Nikuko: Woe! within without! 
KRESTINSKY: ...Further Trotsky developed idea necessity ter- 
rorism, diversions. In speaking them, considered diversionist 
acts terrorism point view both applying them time war 
disorganizing defensive capacity Red Army, government moment 
coup d'etat, same time, terrorist make his, Trotsky's, position 
stronger give him confidence negotiations foreign governments, 
cause he able refer fact followers Sov- iet Union sufficiently 
strong active... dearest us! Trotsky! Something done now! There 
foes inside out! KAKAZOV: ...Now before you, Citizens Judges, 
murderer Menzhinsky, help shuddering being overcome horror think 
despicable crime into dragged. Not minute disclaim blame crime. 
contrary repent rid myself nightmare. curses Kakazov perfidious 
crime! To death perfidious Kakazov! basis aforesaid, guided 
Articles 319 320 Code Criminal Procedure R.S.F.S.R., The 
Military Collegium Supreme Court Sentences...[list 18 men]...to 
supreme penalty shot, confiscation their personal property. All: 
saved saboteurs country! Death traitors! BLOC TROTSKYITES! Jews! 
wonderful play, Ladies Gentlemen, hope enjoyed it. given much 
on, because truth, always difficult, best play world! Please 
take care Thank you! KIM IL SUNG: Hello, member audience happy 
play. If countries, though small, pool strength fight resolutely 
against imperialism, peoples knock down U.S. imperialism 
decisively overwhelming power each front. people country making 
revolution should tear limbs off beast over world behead 
imperialists appear strong, many countries attack sides join 
mutilating way, become impotent bite dust end.

oh Great Leader, done?
Our Party Right 'Left' opportunism, 
while upholding banner unity.
good, drag renegades revolution!
PRESIDENT Yes, ABSOLUTEly!
Laugh!
Exeunt Omnes.

Curtain Rises

JENNIFER: beg pardon horrible crimes committed beloved having 
carefully her death, diet, sabotaging asthmatic medications. 
sleep night, recognizing misery caused State; punishment deter 
future generations murder mayhem. course alive, ever talking 
about? Julu's corpse us: Poor, poor Julu! My knows no bounds; 
next several months, live grieving realizing never atone hideous 
her, through State, Country, itself. stop that? silly besides, 
you're ginning scare me! guilt aggravated long deceived 
betrayed placed me; wormed graces. need hardly mention repent, 
repentance does proof exposure broadest light day, benefit has 
deprived Julu. Please, come getting ridiculous nothing, I'm 
quite well, thank right front you.

Are crazy?

Disgraced, thrown dust, leaving life, recount
sad, tragic career, serve lesson those murder
commit mayhem, beautiful there recount? Only friendship together
State Country disgraceful behavior towards her. fense whatsoever,
just millionth part crimes, thinking "the imagination," sentenced
death. heinous realize crimes. sit prison tens years!
gone mad! reading too novels! believing lies! Look alive it's
Jennifer! Years weigh heavily nightmare committed, sincere
repentance, admit everything, thought criminal.
It talk crime, friend, calling harm blackened trampled most valuable
thing, bond between us. became hastened she prime problem now
sentence richly deserve.
COURT: name commission entrusted JENNIFER!! Falls

CURTAIN RISES
stage.
You're going die.
I'll kill ALAN: fucking myself.
fuck anyone to.
NIKUKO: won't fucked anyone.
I've killed Jennifer.
Look, three.
mean.
Julu Where everyone?
FALLS
Breathing Being
audience.
curtain rises.
<Empty stage: Noon lighting, bright, yellow.>
falls halfway.
Blood seeps curtain, oozes onto floor.
color blood: Bright red.
falls.
Late afternoon medium, orange-yellow.>
falls, three-quarters down.
Red-brown.
coughs.
Dusk dark orange-red.>
Bones fall spatter break Evening dim red.>
half-way.
black blood curtain.
Night, lighting.>
remains twenty minutes.
leaves theater.
hem wet.

charge agriculture. forgive rudeness, charge. Either leaders 
followers. Forgive me. organization. know, form provocateur work 
take. answer

once.
<Pause.>
Who betrayed. utmost importance survival responsible see. 
<Jennifer enters.>
know sight. two ways.
eyes.
Exactly, true every-
one. Time pass. bear heavy responsibility.
graves hateful traitors grow weeds thistle, covered eternal 
contempt country's honest citizens, entire people. us, sun shine 
its luminous rays bright joyous before. Over road cleared last 
scum filth past, we, people, leader teacher, president head, 
march before, onwards onwards, greater goals.
<Pause, silence.>
President leave.>
END CREDITS
All, some others, seated.
stands, applauded Jennifer stands: wish introduce PRESIDENT.
sits down, nods.
nods, standing.
Nikuko.
sits: guide years, Suddenly looks wise.
Community foundation may say
whatever want, without fear coercion.
Alan everyone participated opportunity.
ground.
shuffles.
Alan.
remain are.
Acts Actions . Scenes Separations
actions scenes separations called mend suture. Eternally, made, 
gone.
gone;
whisper scripts ears, turn caring move eternally,
sitting circle. waiting turns
speak. one another. say? players. broken scenes. say, scene 
another, few
acts, calls made. speeds endlessly body Your bones separations? 
WA
FEVER
Wa fever cpmpeny cpmfprt. hpwavar tha dasart; thls ampty
THEATER: empty space. actors. lights audio magnifications. 
CATWALKS: favor company comfort. however desert; 
sunshine. night.
speca. brlght llght shnshlna. nlght:magnification
bones. Without dull steady
ground-equipment. night magnification equipment.
seepages. devour :Tha Thaetar: Hara wa era ln Thara ls np ehdlanca.
ectprs. heva naad pf llghts
space lights. Brought forth THEATER, pr ehdlp ::and Devour Pick 
Forth nlght!
THEATER sunshine! night!
MOUTH
<Curtain stage.>
forgotten. continues. lot things Roar roar roar. avatar. sense
presence tumor. breathe virus.
announcements we're human.
thanks quiet. No wants hear listens, function language. threaded
words, though, any order. order doesn't
matter.
says perfectly powerful; splintered, broken,
gives power. ever. grows.
elected official.
term decided term. outliving Roar.
official yours extend tongue. tongue takes lips. mouth.
home.
house up, exit.>

TIME 

Mon Oct 15:11:42 EDT 1999 THIS IS ISN'T REAL DATE.Mon 15:12:07 
living time!Mon 15:12:25 WHAT DEVOURS TIME.This world!Mon 
15:12:58 WHO HAS STOLEN TIME.Mon 15:13:16 playing new 15:13:29 
SAYS HE NO TO LOSE JUST WRONG.Mon 15:14:03 WRONG MUST BE 
CHANGED.Mon 15:14:58 running around President's whee whee! 
Jennifer!Mon 15:15:16 can't talk! Help! Help!Mon 15:16:18 
15:16:19 fun go everywhere!I HAVE BURNED MY TONGUE OUT YOUR 
RUINED EYES.Mon 15:15:40 see! 15:16:06 God, He makes speak 
Nicely write Interesting God Everything nothing tell Him! GOOD 
am! does! Him style! style floods ground Wet straight Very Happy 
God! really do! wondrous Good Loves hold Breath His Wonders! 
believe loves goodness! happiness prayer fulfillment! Would Ah, 
accumulations run-kludges! rose place.>

Long Wonderful Play Plays

activities?
wrong.
necessary.
that!
necessity!
... murderer!
Gentlemen.
happy.
'Left'!
renegades!
committed!
misery!
silly!
aggravated...
ridiculous!
life...
crimes...
die!
importance!
responsible.
over!
time...
T
steady.
making, ready...
listens.
broken.
PRESIDENT!
Interesting.
hear. sleep; navar sleep. 
Doctor Leopold Konninger: Nikuko, understand other.
says: doctor.
remove clothing. 
says:: wear tutu.
pirouettes cameras sfx text
Nude nude Konninger sfx.
Quickcam segments Nikuko's voice describing sex.
transparent skirt Dovctor.
Konninger, fully dressed, dance.
open kimono mouthing AAAAH shinto guardian.
Male Ballet Dancer moves neurotically 
Three still dance shots halt.
tutu perform Musical Number.
woman's face appears superimposed train.
Doodah song accompanying half-naked naked Doctor.
dances strangely herself right-hand side.
lies exhausted blanket wearing pink 400,000 pieces.
Piece 381,924 piece 381,924, addressing Hello Julu-Julu; in.
Maybe thing.
381,924.
