==

Wittgenstein: "(He must, so to speak, throw away the ladder after he has 
climbed up it.)" - Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus, Pears & McGuinness 
translation. But what if the rungs are spaced irregularly? What if there 
is nothing at the top but gaming?

Codework is simultaneously fashionable and eternal. Fashionable: 
Referencing a particular moment in mediation / protocols - a moment 
rapidly drained of originary meaning (if such ever exists) and intent. And 
eternal: Since very file is equivalent to each of its copies, it survives 
as a form of fragile or tenuous structure.

(Fashionable also in terms of critical discourse, discourse networks, a 
style which is already superseded. And eternal, in the sense that the 
issues that arise are always present, in whatever form writing / video / 
sound takes - the issues of protocols, programs, receptions, delivery 
channels and vehicles, technologies, economics, labor.)

Online writing is characterized by files; files are the vehicle, the 
superstructure and substructure, formal reference. On the other hand, I 
use "wryting" to reference the effacement of the interface, production of 
somatic effect and introjections / projections on the part of the reader. 
In other words, if there is writing of / on the body, there is also 
wryting the body, for example the (always) broken texts of pornography.

(Wryting is the result of the abstract and technological nature of online 
/ new media work. One tries to imagine, through the text, the body of the 
other; net sex is full of this. As bandwidth increases, radio turns to 
television; the body is now presented, optical, replete, on devices 
ranging from cellphones to caves (three-dimensional virtual-reality 
environments). Primitive teledildonics mediates sexual touch. Note that 
these environments, in fact even video cellphones, are the domain of the 
privileged; there are access codes as well. Whole economies are involved.)

I am characterizing nothing. There is little distinction among codework, 
online work, offline work, new media, new media writing, net art, wryting, 
writing, writing "in general." Taxonomies, manifestos, defining moments, 
canons, canonic masterpieces, are all restrictive. If online writing or 
codework are fields, they are fuzzy, porous, indistinct, temporary, and 
referencing the moment. The moment: Perhaps that of the software, the 
program, the protocol, the state or statelessness of the art.

Some styles? I hesitate; I'm ignorant, I don't keep up, no one keeps up. 
But consider the following as a beginning; continue on your own:

* Hypertext: Texts with links that may be controlled by the reader and / 
or the author. Internal links: the text is closed. External links: the 
text is open. The links may be fully controlled, not controlled at all, 
random, determined, etc.

* Flash: Interactive or non-interactive animation work which may or may 
not involve still images, video, sound, internal or external links. Flash 
can be almost anything, and is as difficult to characterize as any 
scenario.

* Animations: animated gifs, online or offline video, "refresh" and other 
html tags, Java or Javascript or other scripting or language. Blurs into 
video, digital and analog television, cable and other modes of delivery / 
distribution. Flash is also used heavily for animations. Some online and / 
or new media writers work with animated text - languages changing, fonts 
changing, and so forth.

* Blogs, Wikis, etc.: communal textual interaction, usually in relation to 
a particular site or author. Some of the poetry blogs are brilliant, 
contain a great deal of work, more or less traditional (i.e. in the sense 
of not necessarily requiring an online framework). If a sonnet is online, 
is it online writing? Wryting? Again, the questions are forever, the 
taxonomies weak.

* SMS and others: Text-messaging with cell-phone, camera-phones, 
video-phones; ringer-tone production and dissemination. Ringer-tones now 
out sell music cds in some parts of the world. What kinds of signals are 
these? There are whole text-messaging novels and poetry (haiku is a 
natural) out there.

* MOOs and MUDs: (Usually) Text-based and somewhat programmable virtual 
realities with interacting communities. Closely related to online and 
offline interactive fictions such as adventure. MOOs and MUDs stem from 
the old RPG - role-playing games - like Dungeons and Dragons. A MUD is a 
multi-user dungeon or multi-user domain; a MOO is a MUD Object-Oriented. 
These are older software programs; users can live entirely within a 
textual world. Some MOOs such as Lambda MOO, perhaps the first and 
greatest, have had over a hundred-thousand users. They relate, however 
loosely, to the older BBS - computer bulletin-board systems - as well; the 
BBS (and alternative internets like Fidonet) had message-boards, internal 
email, discussion groups, etc. Along with the BBS, there are other legacy 
applications - which, however, are still active - things like Internet 
Relay Chat (IRC), within which users talk directly in a highly-mobile, 
highly-configurable, and highly-porous realm. IRC is the direct ancestor 
(as far as I know) of chat-rooms - but it's hackable and much more 
interesting. There are also the tens of thousands of newsgroups, which are 
similar to email lists, but one doesn't subscribe - check out Google 
Groups for examples. Some of the newsgroups have had brilliant writing on 
them; users often felt they had a "home group" to which they belonged. I 
remember groups such as alt.dirty-whores, alt.angst, alt.soc.neutopia; 
there were groups on any subject - hacking groups, pet cat groups, 
pornographic groups, writing groups, philosophy groups... Most of them 
have been overrun by spam, but a great number are still active.

* Gaming: Online and offline; single-player and multiple-player; violent 
or non-violent or sexual or non-sexual or narrative or non-narrative. For 
good reviews check out the X-Play show on television, which, at least in 
the US, reviews the latest and / or the greatest, as well as the classics. 
Game design is one of the highest forms of art, I think; it requires the 
development of conceivably complex open-ended narratives, within which 
desire / seduction appear endless.

* Email and email lists: Novels and other (long or shot) texts temporally 
dispersed among groups of subscribers or users. Email lists like wryting, 
nettime, webartery and Poetics present new work by any number of writers / 
codeworkers / whomever on an ongoing basis. The subscriber list can range 
from a few to tens of thousands. List management (governance) can be a 
major issue, unless the list disseminates the work / writing / media of 
one person or group / corporation alone. Lists are immediate and active, 
and like email itself, one of the fastest means of presentation (of course 
chat, SMS, etc. is much faster - real-time, immediate, in fact). Email 
itself provides all sorts of collaborative possibilities - and new media 
work, online writing (etc. etc. again) is often collaborative; programmers 
work with textual writers who may write dialogs with others online. Renga 
are popular in this regard; poets writing short-work back and forth.

* Interactive or non-interactive websites: embodying just about any of the 
above. At this point, I cannot imagine a typology of websites. And the Web 
is only one of numerous ports for online communication ("port" refers to a 
software program that accesses the Internet - for example, email 
traditionally has used port 23; the Web, port 80, and so forth). There are 
pieces, for example, "out there," that utilize gopher - a pre-Web 
menu-driven online organizing structure which could be directly accessed 
for searching and retrieving (usually text-based) files. (Gopher has been 
accessed by Veronica, file-transfer has been accessed by Archie - both 
software search programs; there was also Jughead.) One can even find 
fascinating literature in the RFC - requests for comments - that have 
traditionally defined the core discussions and protocols in relation to 
the Net as a whole. Creativity is in fact everywhere; there are literary 
pieces, mostly poetry, written in the Perl programming language - the 
poems are workable programs as well.

And codework? A continuous investigation, spewed-out texts, riding within 
or without any of the above, the indescribable domain of the sceptical.

How will language change, i.e. in relation to digital media? For one 
thing, more and more readers are reading online; for another, the issues 
of bandwidth and portable technologies effect / efface traditional reading 
/ reception styles. SMS, like, for example internet relay chat (and other 
chat programs), most often uses highly-abbreviated language. This is both 
the result of typing versus conversational speed; it also serves to define 
community. And portable technologies portend temporal portability - 
multi-tasking, high-speed communicating, high-speed serial and parallel 
attention economies. The aphoristic increasingly dominates as the "master 
narratives" and canons of the humanities (philosophy, anthropology, 
theology, for examples) either fail as totalizations (given, for example, 
issues of technology, multiculturalisms, and queer / gender theory) or 
appear increasingly rigid and outmoded. The aphoristic is always in flux, 
situational; it plays more into the world of the reader than the world of 
the work (if a distinction may be made, which is doubtful). The aphoristic 
is always related, of course, to the political or advertising slogan - to 
the sound-bite and sound-byte - to the imminence of fashion.

Examples? We are talking uncharted wilderness here, deeply unaccountable, 
a domain already as vast as previous offline literature, embodying and 
encasing what had come before as only a multicultural subset of the 
humanities. Google or any other search engine will give numerous examples. 
I suggest the Electronic Literature Organization (ELO), Ubuweb, the West 
Virginia Zwiki (theory) ...

[at this point, I had a list of names; it continued, uselessly, to expand. 
I couldn't choose among them. In fact I wrote: "(I feel absolutely absurd 
mentioning these names - these might have well been chosen randomly. The 
list is too English-dominated for one thing. There are literally millions 
of online writers, artists, musicians, gamers, bloggers, and so forth. 
Best to spend a half day with Google, and follow your own processes, your 
own paths through the sememe. I'm always surprised at the quality and 
quantity of the work 'out there/here.' I can't think of any particular 
guide I'd recommend. Search yourself.)" Now, I've taken the names out. Go 
to the email lists (and their archives) mentioned below. Check out the 
museums. Look for "net art" or "net.art" or "electronic literature" or 
"electronic writing" online.

... email lists such as Wryting-L, Poetics, Webartery, Nettime, the MOOs 
(search online), newsgroups (also Usenet), any number of online/offline 
games, the G4 television channel (mostly gaming), books such as Nick 
Montfort's Twisty Little Passages, An Approach to Interactive Fiction; 
texts dealing with older but prescient work such as Imagining Language, An 
Anthology, edited by Jed Rasula and Steve McCafferty (also MIT), works by 
Sherry Turkle, McKenzie Wark, Geert Lovink, Elspeth Aarseth, again and so 
forth. The best advice? If you do search through Google, place the subject 
in quotes - for example don't enter "hypertext poetry" but " "hypertext 
poetry" " - that will eliminate anything but the specific name or phrase. 
(You can also use advanced searches of course. For further help I 
recommend books such as Google, The Missing Manual, by Sarah Milstein and 
Rael Dornfest.)

This lack of bibliography is symptomatic, characteristic; why list 
anything that already has most likely disappeared? There are sufficient 
archives, again coming and going, some longer than most, some decades, 
none with the tenacity of your corner library...

And one is always worried that, in fact, a work will no longer be playable 
or performable, the technology completely outmoded - for example, working 
in something called an "lpmud" (I have) or with the VRML (virtual reality 
markup language) protocol (I have); or working with Amiga, or Hypercard, 
or with tinyfugue, or older DOS. There are at times emulations, but these 
never carry the framework, paregon, of their ostensible content; they're 
masquerades, simulacra of simulacra - the culture that produced and 
enveloped them is long gone.

Further, where does the work end and the body begin? Think of Stelarc's 
work (i.e. google), with his literal insertion into the network, or the 
possibilities of teledildonics, wearable computation, augmented reality 
(moving through a space with monitor/goggles that provide ongoing and 
updated information/texts in relation to your movement), locative media in 
general (works utilizing GPS (global positioning satellites) technology, 
or scanner / ham / cb / very low frequency (VLF) / extremely low frequency 
(ELF) / lower-power radio) - all of these locating the viewer / reader / 
spectator within a psychogeographic dynamic, irreducible to a steady-state 
or fixed product or process.

In terms of distribution, there are numerous issues. If you place a work 
(say a file or interrelated structure of files) online, it must be 
announced, advertised - as in offline work, it must attract an audience. 
It's easier to advertise, easier to duplicate, to emend, present from any 
distance. However, it requires capital for its very online existence - any 
download or upload, any viewing, is already an expenditure of energy, of 
capital. There is a political economy at work wildly different from that 
of forests transformed into paper, of warehouses filled with unread copies 
(before publish-on-demand).

Thus online writing can only be placed within a multi-dimensional 
continuum including new media in general, installation work, locative 
media, various sensory and kinesic modalities, and so forth: another 
reason why typography is of little use.

Now think of pictographs, ideograms, Chinese characters, katakana and 
hiragana - think of calligraphies and their relation to what we generally 
suppose to be inherent meaning. Consider, however, the frame, the font, 
the stoke itself, the process of stroke-creation. Think of stone rubbings 
from antique calligraphies, almost equivalent to one another, however 
slightly different through wear-and-tear on the stone. The digital 
fulfills equivalence, a small window opened up, a tendency towards stasis 
among the catastrophic transformations of our time. Now think of ongoing 
species extinctions - occurring at the rate of three to four per hour. Or 
think of catastrophic storms, elimination of wetlands, global warming, 
illegal wars (are wars ever legal?); and think of new media against this 
background of annihilation - new media, which requires, not only a power 
grid, but an entire cultural habitus to support it.

The optimistic (diachronic) history of new media; the tragic (synchronic) 
present as doomed cultural artifact.

Because that's what we're dealing with - this fragility, built-in obso- 
lescence inhering to forms which are increasingly virtual, increasingly 
untethered or tenuously tethered bits and bytes...




[the disturbance of the] Political Economy of Language Identity


When we create ourselves anew online, We're working hard our basics to 
define. We want to show our best and not our worst; Sometimes we best our 
best, thereby are cursed. Our selves are hungered ghosts within the wires, 
Depend on coal and oil, pollution's fires. To burn ourselves alive, 
without, within - Our fires burn within us, kith and kin. Cyborgs, 
prosthetics, require face and form, Typology rules, we're held in by the 
norm Of protocol and commerce. Once again We find ourselves enthralled to 
other men. Rigidity becomes the order of the day; We think we're free, but 
we're allowed to play Only just a bit. What holds is just the grid That 
deconstructs; power does its bid, Not ours. Not for hours. Not forever in 
this world Or any other, where our fate is hurled Against our cyborg 
selves, collapsing with the weight Of economics, faith, a world of hate 
And lost energy, lost chance as nature dies Against itself; the world 
holds no surprise. Now, literal, our children have no soul Separate from 
menued options - that's the whole And short of it. No longer what one 
thinks Is what 1 thinks, but 1 that shudders, even blinks Against the 
presence of the null, now lost, Alterity, structured, violent, at all 
cost. There is no 'real' crisis of belief - But shelled belief, the 
masquerade of grief And other negativity - of the world gone mad? Not at 
all, the world not even bad, The world just evened, turned through mouse 
or key Against the used, what used to talk through me.

Question authority. Trust no one. Your pronouns are hacked. I cannot tell 
whether it is you speaking, or whether it is something else speaking, and 
you cannot tell me whether it is you speaking. They took the newbies to a 
locked room in the MOO and silenced them. Invoke the catastrophic. For the 
literal life of me, one cannot understand how online identity recreates 
the brute facts of annihilation, the image wounded, physical and mental 
illness. The websites went down in New Orleans; so much for redundancy. 
"Herons have no URLs." (Let's give them one!) "Der emes shtarbt nit, ober 
er lebt vi an oreman." ("Truth never dies but lives a wretched life.")

[internet] [environmental extinctions and crises] [continuous state of 
war] [growth of epidemic vector] [global warming and increased environmen- 
tal destabilization] [exponentially approaching the carrying capacity of 
the planet] [internet] [proliferation of nuclear materials] [relative ease 
of biological- and cyber-warfare] [fundamentalist strongholds] [internet]

"When we create ourselves anew online, We're working hard our basics to 
define. We want show best and not worst; Sometimes best, thereby are 
cursed. Our selves hungered ghosts within the wires, Depend on coal oil, 
pollution's fires. To burn alive, without, - fires us, kith kin. Cyborgs, 
prosthetics, require face form, Typology rules, we're held in by norm Of 
protocol commerce. Once again find enthralled other men. Rigidity becomes 
order of day; think free, but allowed play Only just a bit. What holds is 
grid That deconstructs; power does its bid, Not ours. for hours. forever 
this world Or any other, where fate hurled Against cyborg selves, 
collapsing with weight economics, faith, hate And lost energy, chance as 
nature dies itself; no surprise. Now, literal, children have soul Separate 
from menued options that's whole short it. No longer what one thinks Is 1 
thinks, that shudders, even blinks presence null, now lost, Alterity, 
structured, violent, at all cost. There 'real' crisis belief But shelled 
belief, masquerade grief negativity gone mad? all, bad, The evened, turned 
through mouse or key used, used talk me. Question authority. Trust one. 
Your pronouns hacked. I cannot tell whether it you speaking, something 
else me speaking. They took newbies locked room MOO silenced them. Invoke 
catastrophic. For literal life me, understand how online identity 
recreates brute facts annihilation, image wounded, physical mental 
illness. websites went down New Orleans; so much redundancy. "Herons 
URLs." (Let's give them one!) "Der emes shtarbt nit, ober er lebt vi an 
oreman." ("Truth never lives wretched life.") [internet] [environmental 
extinctions crises] [continuous state war] [growth epidemic vector] 
[global warming increased environmen- tal destabilization] [exponentially 
approaching carrying capacity planet] [proliferation nuclear materials] 
[relative ease biological- cyber-warfare] [fundamentalist strongholds]"

We're squeezed by desire that the world might appear whole or in relation 
to the projection of our true-real bodies, our kindly thoughts, the best 
forward there can be, the beauty that survives and exists through channel 
and bandwidth. We are ignoring the lowered ceiling at our peril, Nikuko. 
We want to fuck dirty and messy, dead hippos going for $50 each. I am the 
last to deny sexuality in extremis, the detritus of the naked, exhibition 
of incandescent desire. The bodies of Abu Gharayb for example. The child 
at the keyboard. The infinitely satiated, infinitely satisfied. The 
consump- tion of resources, bloated bandwidth. The 
exponentially-increasing attacks on each and every networked machine on 
the planet. Yes, yes, yes, we all want to continue, don't we?:Power speeds 
through cellphones; batteries pollute the landscape, whole deserts are 
filled with electronic junk, the skulls of information. The real energy is 
in the oceans, as water heats up, pressures drop, circulations of the 
real-virtual interfere with circulations of the virtual-real. Or is it the 
other way around? Without a videophone, the one-eyed man is king in the 
land of the site-less.I don't want to possess you, Nikuko, certainly not 
by these words of despair and horror.  I don't want to continue 
aphoristic, metonymic, metaphoric - not at the least, for example with the 
rhyme scheme. We are running out of time...:I'm trying to give a name to 
my identity, to the crisis of identity. Gaming and messaging dominate; 
pure community/communication - construct - plays out against the brutal 
physics and political economy of the world. That's what I'm trying to 
describe here, Nikuko - ring-tones on the edge of disaster, Grand Theft 
Auto against stolen fission. Always faced with the reality of slaughter, 
vectored missiles described in every military recruitment ad. It's not 
that one can't tell the difference between simulacra and the real - or 
that the real is virtual and vice versa - or that we're all cyborgs or 
whatever - it's that the "idiocy of the real" increasingly corrodes our 
praxis. Theoretical efficacy or a lien on truth? The brutality makes no 
difference vis-a-vis language or gaming. Remember: The power runs out. 
:plastic:silicon

Come with me, We're squeezed by desire that the world might appear whole 
or in relation to the projection of our true-real bodies, our kindly 
thoughts, the best forward there can be, the beauty that survives and 
exists through channel and bandwidth. We are ignoring the lowered ceiling 
at our peril. We want to fuck dirty and messy, dead hippos going for $50 
each. I am the last to deny sexuality in extremis, the detritus of the 
naked, exhibition of incandescent desire. The bodies of Abu Gharayb for 
example. The child at the keyboard. The infinitely satiated, infinitely 
satisfied. The consumption of resources, bloated bandwidth. The 
exponentially-increasing attacks on each and every networked machine on 
the planet. Yes, yes, yes, we all want to continue, don't we?, beautiful 
wetware on a dying planet.

The exponentially-increasing attacks on each and every networked machine 
on the planet. Yes, yes, yes, we all want to continue, don't we? and 20907 
and 11870 - and you knew that all along! you turn me on Script done on Mon 
Sep 26 00:39:12 2005

"Give a name to your hunger! I'm trying to give a name to my identity." 
I'm tired of your identity. Your politics are killing us. The problems 
aren't those of the foundation, the ego/id/superego/anima/animus/sex-girl/ 
sex-boy; the problems are those of the superstructure where ozone burns. 
Is that relevant? That is most relevant; that is the only relevant. What 
remains beneath/below is the charred residue of culture. (All cultures are 
on the way out:

heroin drugs me down with the girl onto the floor where we fuck down there 
on the wood while she ties my cock to cocaine-you-know-me coming into the 
needle world where i get codeine dreams and lost among junkie heavens 
unbearable ecstasy you kill me way i like to be drawn down to you in 
within inside put-you-in-me in-me in-you within-you inside-you 
put-you-inside crawled on floors for impossible highs incandescent you get 
me into you all the way down to those floors squeezed your needle juice 
into me baby heroin inside your dreams babe APPEND "Come with me, $name, 
beautiful wetware! APPEND "Come with me, $name, beautiful wetware! APPEND 
"Come with me, $name, beautiful wetware! APPEND "Come with me, $name, 
beautiful wetware! APPEND "Come with me, $name, beautiful wetware! APPEND 
"Come with me, $name, beautiful wetware! EXIT:


Partial Description of the World


The power grid provides 60 Hz here at approximately 115-117 volts; this is 
maintained by dynamos driven by steam or coal or oil or hydro held 
together in a malleable grid. The grid enters the city, where electricity 
is parceled out through substations to cables continuously maintained and 
repaired. Here, the cables are below ground. They drive my Japanese Zaurus 
PDA which utilizes an entire linux operating system on it. The Zaurus 
connects to the Internet through a wireless card that most often connects 
to my Linksys router, which is connected both to the power grid and the 
DSL modem by a cat cable. The DSL is operated by Verizon with its own grid 
at least nation-wide and continuously-maintained. The DSL of course 
connects more or less directly to the Internet, which is dependent upon an 
enormous number of protocol suites for its operation, the most prominent 
probably TCP/IP. The addresses of the Internet, through which I reach my 
goal of NOAA weather radar, are maintained by ICANN and other organiza- 
tions. These organization are run by any number of people, who employ the 
Net, fax, telephone, and standard mail, to communicate world-wide. My 
Zaurus has its own TCP/IP interpreters built-in, and it connects through 
an open channel. The wireless modem may have been built in the US. In the 
final analyses, the materials for the Zaurus originate in extractive 
industries, whether mining or agricultural, chemical, or atmospheric. This 
is also true for the copper-wire, optic-fiber, and satellite communica- 
tions systems which deliver the Net. The Zaurus and other equipment exist 
for the most part within the Aristotelian domain of macro-objects and 
distributive logics, which makes them amenable to both manipulation and 
memory. Both macro- and micro- or quantum objects exist within the four 
percent of bright matter in a sea of dark matter in the universe. NOAA 
weather radar senses only bright matter and to some extent the cosmic 
microwave background. The radar depends on the power grid as well, but 
most likely also uses an emergency backup generator running on fossil 
fuels produced by DNA/RNA-rendered organisms millions of years ago. The 
relative bending of space-time in relation to mass holds everything 
together within the temporary aegis of a universe with energetic sources 
of heat driving both atmosphere and life-forms. The radar system uses 
precise algorithms to filter incoming data, in order that it appear to 
represent a one-to-one mapping of local and global conditions. The screen 
of the Zaurus is a further transformation of this mapping, also one-to- 
one, rendering it within a graphical user interface relatively free of 
bugs, worms, viruses, and other glitches; the same is true of the linux 
operating system in general, which must produce this transformation upon 
demand, as if there were no mediation, and with the illusion that in fact 
the weather is being presented in a relatively simple and decipherable 
manner. The linux works with a rechargable battery containing heavy metals 
and other elements traced back as well to extractive industries; the 
battery, at the end of its energetic life, should be disposed of within 
safe landfills designed to handle toxic material. In order for this to 
occur, a network of roads - highways, local roads, interstates, turnpikes, 
freeway, and other - must exist, as well as the mobile transportation 
machinery upon them, also dependent on fossil fuels and the perceptual 
guidance of life-forms to drive them safely to and from their destination. 
Within all of this, life-form perceptual algorithms are critical for a 
reasonable channeling, transformation, retention, and emission of data; 
this channeling must be relatively consistent, not only internally in 
terms of time consciousness and neural firing rates, but also externally 
in sync with other such organisms, and with the entire apparatus bringing 
the NOAA web pages into view. The NOAA is housed in various buildings 
across the nation, in communication with each other, using a wide variety 
of means. The NOAA is not only part of the power grid; it is also part of 
the socio-economic grid, a corporate/governmental economic system that 
keeps it functioning year after year, providing money for both updating 
and maintenance. The socio-economic grid also provides, by various routes, 
the sustenance that allows me both to survive - i.e. food, water, shelter 
- but also to purchase the Zaurus in the first place. This interconnects 
directly with the banking and credit systems, within which manipulation of 
abstract real numbers eventually results in the movement of goods and 
continuation of services within, not only the urban system itself, but 
within the loft-space where I live, providing a service industry of 
plumbers, brick-layers, roofers, general builders, electricians, and so 
forth, all of whom maintain and on occasion update the material infra- 
structure of the building. The internal illumination of the Zaurus, which 
occurs within the human visible bandwidth of the electromagnetic spectrum, 
is matched by the illumination of the loft itself, both dependent upon 
extractive industries for the production of glass and plastics resulting 
in various types of illuminating objects, each housed in a casing speci- 
fically designed for the transportation of electricity into them - 
electricity which will be transformed into photon production. Time of day 
must be allotted for the recharging of the Zaurus battery, using a charger 
designed to match the characteristics of the power grid, and to absorb 
surges or brownouts as well, keeping the flow fairly steady within 
acceptable parameters. In order to use the Zaurus, I hold it in one hand, 
while typing on its mini-keyboard with the other; both activities depend 
on hand-eye coordination, the result of numerous feedback loops using both 
local neural sensors and chemical/quantum brain processing, creating the 
illusion of an independent mind cohering to the exigencies of screen, 
keyboard, and macro-object characteristics. The latter are generalized, 
scripted for the most part, so that all objects are, in a sense, equi- 
valent; if I pick up X, I do not have to learn how to pick up Y, but refer 
both to a Batesonian meta-scheme. Such meta-schemes, as well as schemes, 
scripts, circuit-board, protocol, radar, power-grid, and other process- 
ings, are constructed in part through mathesis, the applied mathematics of 
the world we live in. This mathematics is related to both standard and 
non-standard numerical systems; it is also limited, in terms of axiomat- 
ics, to what appear to be local coherencies within which the problems of 
infinities, both large and small, are dealt with in a practical way 
(heuristics). Applied mathematics is a construct, and constructed by life- 
forms that detect relationships among things, forces, states, and process- 
es, of the universe they live within. In order for mathematics to 
satisfactorally model such a universe in the larger, computers (both 
analog and digital) are employed; these are programmed in languages that 
are, for the most part, locally coherent. Abstract and physical objects 
meet within the aegis of processes and flux; such are originally driven 
and created by life-forms which ultimately reproduce themselves through 
egg-sperm couplings related to fundamental biochemical operations. 
Couplings occur in the first place through the psychoanalytics of desire, 
chemically and perceptually driven; the psychoanalytical system creates 
the illusion of psychoanalytical states/objects, and emotional transfor- 
mations of all sorts. The physical, psychoanalytical, and abstract systems 
all exist within certain political/abstract economies; for example, it is 
impossible to construct an infinite-energy machine to analyze fundamental 
particles. Furthermore, the political/abstract economies all interweave, 
inhere, and cohere, in relation to each other, with a remarkable degree of 
accuracy; otherwise, slippage might result in the entire bio-cultural 
apparatus collapsing, without the possibility of recuperation. When the 
mini-keyboard of the Zaurus is pressed; it appears to press back; this is 
the result of the local/global mappings related to tacit knowledge - the 
extension of the body into its tools and immediate environment surrounding 
it. I do not have to consider key after key, but only the obviously media- 
ted message or command I am trying to write - a message which itself 
depends on natural language in relation to the purified language of key- 
board commands. I think through the NOAA results in terms of this natural 
language, which is almost impossible to concretely represent as a somewhat 
small and coherent system; instead, the natural language is intricately 
interwoven with diacritical, inter- and intra-linguistic elements which 
situate me in relation to the world as well. Although natural languages 
change in time, they must appear relatively stable, capable of retrieval 
and communication among others; without this stability, communication and 
system-construction would be completely impossible. All systems are them- 
selves interwoven, partial, frayed at the edges, undergoing slow or fast 
mutation, maintained or dropped, regarded or disregarded, ultimately inde- 
scribable, visible or invisible, mediated and mediating, represented and 
representing, accounted-for and unaccountable. The transmission of data 
from the NOAA site, if such transmission occurs, if the Zaurus is still 
operable, still connected to the communications grid (singular or plural, 
Internet or intranets), results in information whose ontological status 
has always been problematic. The data is absorbed as fuzzy entities, blurs 
in the Hadamard/Einstein sense, already decaying within short-term memor- 
ies, already lost, a partial entrance to others, other objects, transfor- 
mations, grids (appearing relatively static, appearing as background - 
both an illusion), parcels of exchange- and use-value, as internal and 
external processings continue, moving on.






fractal program scarred / at the limit

wherein the computer does not go on forever
it collapses after the strikes, only darkness
this occurs somewhere around 10^12-13
everything runs out of room

the question is, whether this running, this economy -
is a fundamental characteristic of our universe (brillouin) -
or just the happenstance of any computational limits

the former makes increasing sense -
as the world runs out of resources -
as we come up against the carrying-capacity of the planet -
who will live and who will die

oh, what will life be like?



"limit notes revisioned

where a function converges to a limit. what is beyond the limit.
*/the singularity ends not as void, not as voidness of void; it ends
in both interior and exterior, embedded and embedding space. the latter is 
of formal interest only; the former may turn in upon itself, present a 
boundary related to stability boundaries (outside of which is chaos), or 
narrow asymptotically, never reading an end as time forestalls./*

construction of works as edge phenomena
*/two types of edge phenomena: dis/comfiture and formal boundaries./*
fields of symptoms, intermixtures of fields
*/structured formal symptomologies, chaotic symptomologies, the latter in 
direct relation to environmental destruction./*
the result given in relation to apperception
*/perceived and unperceived: within or without the interior/*

koan, satori, etc. in relation to edge -
*/as if there were a zero point or its absence here/*
diogenes laertius in relation to zeno - |    |  || - sputtered discrete
into analog at the limit - 
*/into catastrophe at the limit: what happens when both space and time
collapse utterly? compare this to infinite environmental depletion./*

tools, vlf radio */both e and b fields/*
poser and other motion-capture work */now the level of formal exercise/*
extensions of narratives */being there/*
analog/digital investigations: physics, mathematics */failed here so far/*
police-scanner psychotopography */useless to date/* */environmental 
depletion. catastrophic degradation. increase of scanner noise, decrease 
of coherency./*

- talk about geography and consciousness */psychogeography of extinction. 
infiltration of wounded species./*
- universe and consciousness in relation to 'plasma' */destruction of 
consciousness, destruction of universe. neither creation nor destruction, 
neither void nor emptiness. neither fullness nor identity, equivalence, 
identification./*

sexualities */always, limitless, collapsing, extinguishing./*
heuristics */what to do to survive, last of your species/*
languages bodies */no one hears you anyway. no one sees you./*
pathos, empathy, sympathy, defuge */yes yes but for whom. stories are 
lost, it's gone, it never was, never existed, the one for the many stands 
for the many for the one./*

anomalous vlf signals welded together */as if there were still an earth/*

rule-governed systems in relation to consciousness (going back to older
immersive/definable work). what is the _meaning_ of particular 
explanation? is explanation itself a form of the discrete? */does an 
explanation demand a community? bohm's coherency? does an explanation 
demand a species?/*

the system in relation to the carrying-out of the system */the system is 
the residue of the process. the process is the maintenance of the 
system./* 
temporality inherent in the carrying-out */standards, typifications, 
typologies, taxonomies, of temporality in the absence of culture, energy, 
mechanism, stasis, data-storage, species, community, organism./*

irigaray, fluid mechanics - hertz's mechanics. */substituted flux, nodal 
points. hieroglyphics of production. fluids require external molds to 
which they conform. mechanisms my inherently cohere./*

the_limit_ is the discrete mathematization/formalism itself as on the page 
- the limit background - call it the 'horizon' or phenomenological horizon 
- is the immersive activity. */the requisite of peirce's sheet of 
assertion. who manufactures the sheet? what organism? species? where is 
the sheet located? does it decay in the presence of runaway oxidation?/*

immersive activity is vectored, i.e. past-future, however entangled. an 
issue is genidentity - i.e. that constants, what _passes_ for constants - 
i.e. those formal written elements (which may include time as a variable).
*/constants do not exist in a world heading towards catastrophic break- 
points, feed-forward mechanisms hurrying depletion on one hand, the 
exponentially-increasing (but not forever) approach of the planet's 
carrying-capacity on the other. hold to your sheet of assertion which 
becomes a winding sheet; bury yourself in it. you are the last of your 
kind./*

a second limit - that of the apparatus - i.e. bandwidth or perceptual 
limit (of course not equivalent). how to translate the former into the 
latter - i.e. lowering pitch, etc. */bringing what is external into the 
cognizance of the internal. with what energy? nourishment? what liquid 
guaranteeing the survival of the mind?/*

sexual/linguistic limits - how the body is collapsed/expanded (see leder 
for example) - the body's _jordan surface_ for example, i.e. topology 
rendered _diffused_ - exhortations of the plasma. */malnourishment for 
example. the skin dry, sloughed. stitched splits in the skin. wounds. 
shrapnel./*

_discomforted_ boundaries - */watching the approach of death. the 
discomfiture of the unapproachable. it is our human destination, this 
non-absorption, this void always already present, the drive of 
incoherency, loss of habitat. the closed eyes, disappearance of species, 
of this, the, species, of this language, sheet of assertion. of this 
any./*

- and as I read this, I could not help thinking - here is the limit-symbol 
of the thought, the discrete result, preponderance of diffuse movement- 
motion well within the habitus-inhabitation, here it is. */here is 
nothing. here is the waiting for apocalypse. hunger, thirst, heat, loom. 
here are wars, disease, unimaginable weaponry, terrorisms. here at last is 
prophecy./*

- and that these symbols are themselves deep within a potential well, mo- 
mentarily stable, this is what i am thinking, this is what i was */broken 
from the end-point, the was, what you, i, are, speaking and speaking, well 
into the night, spoken-for, this last gasp, tremor, prediction, against 
which all others are absent, against which disappearing measurement, stop- 
ping clock, relativity's errancy/*


4 a.m. doctor doctor

doctor doctor listen here.
my work encompasses all realms both diachronic and synchronic.
replete and fecund, annihilistic, nihilistic and vacuous.
courts the birth of death simultaneously the death of birth.
all chiasmus until extinction.
everything resonates with everything and as i have said
i write myself into existence
likewise
i write myself out of existence.
everything absorbed only to be readmitted, emitted, transformed.
i am the shattered container of the world and its shattered vessels.
collector of the final names and namelessness.
horder of species otherwise forever amber, lost.
encompassing of everything buttresses a psyche of the ill-conceived.
encyclopedic mathesis of my imaginary and its real.
accountancy and disinterrment of the unaccountable.
useless prevarications, en-compassings of the ten directions.
epistemic systemics transgressing all ontologies.
smeared residual structures presencing our being in the world.
illusory appearances and apparent illusions.
incoherently disordered cabinets of ultimate collectors.
gridded estates of reality and linear potential wells.
shoring up and shoring up the world, the self, mordant attempt
at eternal presencing.
turning against myself equivalent to turning against the world, 
they are humans who have troubled us in the first (originary) place.
incandescent fear of personal injury, pain, transgression, authority, 
transformed into precise enumeration of universal taxonomies and violence.
continuous seeking of the wonder of such precision and its disengagement.
manic states of constant discovery and miraculous singularities. 
everywhere all the time everyone forever and eternal.
voiding nothing and unvoiding nothing instantaneous, timeless.
(the id crashes against the superego, what sparks!)



Silence of the Avatars


The actant or actants' aesthetic aether, Alan, exists within the class of 
alterities, or Alterity. Amidah's analogic app appears as apperception 
within the aristotelian logics around. Think of the audion; audiophiles 
consider the authorial in relation to it, as if an avatar or avatars were 
on the other side of the virtual. Their bio? Varied biomes - found in 
blogging, blogs in general, even real-world bookshops. A kind of bricolage 
postulated as bushido. Castrated avatars exist as chiasmus within the 
chora - circumlocuted on one hand, but steady-state circumscription on the 
other. Their clits are clots within codework, their codeworks menses or 
coherencies, collocations complicit with consciousness - consensualities. 
Their cordons, their cunt or cunts cordoned off within the cybermind, 
cyberspace. The cyborg or cyborgs are sexual - for example d'eruza and 
d'nala in dancework, the decathexis of all non-sexuality, their bodies 
deconstructed. Deconstructing deconstruction is hardly necessary; the body 
self-deconstructs. All sorts of releases: deerflies for examples. This is 
defuge, the exhaustion or denudation of the desiccated world and its 
destabilization - both diachronically and synchronically. Diachrony works 
as diegesis, the diegetic of inexhaustible virginity. This is the 
differance among cock and cunt, the differend of the flesh, unspoken and 
unspeakable, disassociating discomfiture. Certainly the reader, by now 
discomforted, is staked through disinvestment, tallies distantiation. The 
world is a world of distributivities and ecologies, effusions and 
emanants, their flesh folded around the labia and emergences of others. 
This is a form of empathetic, worlds and words empathized, in order to 
annihilate all existence and its a priori encapsulations. On one hand, the 
entropic - on the other the episteme, carried by ethernet from Everglades 
to other experientials, biomes, extasis. The actants' extensivity and its 
externality tends towards extinction of desire, extrusions of language and 
its inherent familiality of the fantasmic. Consider fantasm a feedforward 
fictivity, involving filmmaker and filmstock alike, sound and fingerboard, 
the Foofwa-actant dance and its genidentity in geomatics. Gesturally, 
these exist, as now, in gigabytes, gridlines defining one or another fuzzy 
habitus, their mathematics within halfgroupoids. An explosion of species: 
hir hirself, through hemiptera and the historiographies of holarchies in 
virtual hyperreality. Cyberspace and hyperrealities are already 
idealities, the ideogrammar of the ikonic of the imaginaries, all that 
exists within the 'might-be.' Denied by language, immersive subjectivity - 
immersivities of real incoherency - literally incompletes indexicality's 
sectioning of informatics and inscriptive interiority. Within the 
internality of the internet, interpenetrating flesh and avatar, 
interpenetrations of actant of programmatic introjections, tend towards 
the iconography of Izanagi and Nikuko - the debris of java, javascript - 
Jennifer, too, the Jewish locus of jouissance and judgmental Julu. The 
kanji of the world wraps around koans, kwat! - Lacanian landbirds 
languaging all, a latinate lifeworld liminal among silences. Literarily, 
nothing philosophically occurs. The result, machinic magatamas of 
malnourishment and the overly-wrought manifesto, part and parcel of 
mathematization, mathesis collapsing in mediaspace. Isn't the world 
menued, microworlds as well, minefields of inconceivable mythological 
minefields? A moron morphing, its morphs, through ideological 
multiculturalisms, surely. Nikuko and others were situated in Nakasu- 
kawabata, nowhere near Nara, closer than the secondary narcissisms of 
narratology and its neighborhooding neurophysiologies. Because it's there 
that falsehood resides, from newbies through Nietzsche, from Nijinksy 
through fucking Nikuko. Nikuko's nostalgias are worldless, absenting 
objecthood, her oeuvre offline, off offline as well, her ontologies 
organelles. Nikuko's particulation, call it her _paysage,_ voyeuristic 
peerings tending towards performativity. The fundamental grounding of the 
world is periphyton, phantasms, according to any phenomenologist, derive 
from it. Ghastly playnt of the pneumosphere and its poolings. So the 
postmodern academics arrive, their terminological postmodernism, post- 
modernity, whatever, presencing any presentification, according to their 
notions of prespace and primordials problematized. Worlding problematizes 
problematizing, also considered protolanguage, the psychoanalytical 
backdrop to thinging, the psychoanalytics of realspace rearticulation. 
Nikuko, Julu, Jennifer, their rebirths and regiments - reifications all, 
their bodies reinscribed - a process in fact of uncanny reinscription - 
into the releasement of the world. There, everything - rills, rotifera, 
runnels, the satori of sawgrass, the seamount - in fact the sememe of what 
circumambulates the natural - linguistically collapses into sememes of the 
other (all sememes are of the other), the backwards and atavistic field of 
semiology, as if semiosis always tended towards the configuration of 
semiotics. We have only sexualities to consider, shakuhachi or shamisen 
vertical expostulations of the sheffer-stroke, stroked themselves as 
culture collapses once again into flesh. All sorts of magic prevail - the 
shimenawa for example, or 'shithead' signifiers of obscenity, simulacra of 
body-skeining, collapse. Body skeins are soundwork, murmurs and speakings 
of the world in the face of specicide, stentor and stromatolite for 
examples. This is the urgency underlying structuralism and subgroupoids, 
the mathesis of subjectivities, subsonic subtexts just out of hearing. 
Subtext or subtexted, the world moves from object through process, both 
united in avatars such as Susan Graham, symbologies of whoredom, in 
synchronic extension with Nikuko and the 'others.' This is systemics, 
taxonomies of techne, teledildonics, the filmic mediation of the real 
which is the real and its teleologies, always a temporality of the subject 
and its tendrils of the pre-symbolic. Tern biomes on one hand, on that 
'others,' tessellations, the registry of bodies in thanatopoesis and 
already fallen tropes. The typifications of unfoldings are all we have - 
unhinging of language already inconceivably tethered. Avatars bypass 
valium vicodin, in favor of purified videowork and its virtualities - the 
VLF (very low frequency) subtext of the world. Think of voiceovers as the 
remnant of what might be said, waypoints or websites of wetware. The 
wetwares of willets and other shorebirds - again, varied worldings, forms 
of wryting themselves into the circumscription here attained, as if I were 
a yamabushi descendent, moving sullenly, sitting in silence, zazen ...




unun


language is always periphery
bonded to the surface of a shell's extremity
it's that residue that grants our speech a modicum of efficacy
the efficacious is the real (nyaya)

my writing collapses into substance
it fills the gaps or holes in the shell (the pores)
it's everywhere, stuffing, useless, not even uselessness
it survives perhaps as the residue of capital

the residue of capital is dependent upon the hardness of materials
- and their efficacy
hardness = databanks = memory (of a retrievable sort)
you are nowhere, purposeless data

we can only speak because no one listens (there is no listening)
listening would transform the very nature of the chemical elements
that can't be allowed to happen (it can't happen)
- it can't happen because of the very nature of the world

world, work, and words, perhaps wor/ld/k/d 
worldkd labor of building language, slough of language
this doesn't describe anything, this doesn't describe nothing
high temperatures, high pressures, new forms of matter

mattered scattered among the incipient virtual energy of space
creatures exist among themselves on the other side of dark matter
- for which we are dark matter, they are omniscient, they peer
- we're here, they're there, they peer

they know we don't use language, don't speak, don't listen
- symbolic meaningless surfaces, semiosis doesn't cut anything
- not even action, not the moment
our meaninglessness surfaces among them, they ignore semiosis

allowing nothing in the form of speech
allowing nothing in the formlessness of speech
allowing everything in the form of speech
= allowing everything in the formlessness of speech

unun the darkened matter for which we are the children of light
unun for brilliant matter for which we are the children of darkness
= our shell and our holding on with the materiality of words
= words were never there, we're our shell, holding on (night)

unun



Actions, what there is


Bhasha Pariccheda, Division of the Categories of the Nya'ya Philosophy - 
Roeg translation 1847-50, there's this:

"There are five actions, throwing upwards, throwing downwards, contract- 
ing, expanding and going. 
Wandering about, evacuating, trickling, flaming upwards, moving crookedly, 
are included in going."

Actions are externally vectored, or internally transformed (torsion, 
tensor calculus). Vectors require gravitation, i.e. 'upwards' and 'down- 
wards' conditioned by that which is capable of contraction, expansion. 
Actions are situated, coherent with earth's inhabitation.

Within 'going,' 'wandering about' configures only the neutrality of move- 
ment; the same is true with 'moving crookedly.' 'Flaming upwards' implies 
an external vector. 'Wandering about' and 'moving crookedly' imply no such 
thing, neither foundation nor embedding space; one may wander nowhere, 
move crookedly in relation to one's presence, an interiority related to 
intrinsic surface measurement.

'Trickling' and 'evacuating' reference abject expulsion; they countenance 
both interior and exterior, compression or collapse of the former, and the 
turbulent spew or emission of the latter - which is inherently vectorless 
- instead a fuzzy open set, topological suppuration.

These categories, all of them, meld into one another - interior is the 
complement, however fuzzy, penetrated, incoherent, of exterior; trickling 
is ingestion, evacuation is impulsion. The world roils. There are 'five 
actions,' actions within inactions, inactions within actions, inhering 
incoherency of roiling. Action = eternal movement = breath. Organism is 
central to worlding, worlding is central to organism.



slide.rule


the slide-rule processes nothing; there are no processes.
there are procedures.
the calculator processes everything; there are filters.

this is a fundamental distinction.
an abacus processes nothing. 
it is not the distinction between analog and digital.

it is the distinction between interior and exterior.
the keyboard of a calculator or computer mediates processes
and protocols.
the beads of an abacus remain in situ. a slide-rule remains in situ.

observe the abacus or slide-rule. the results are steady-state.
the results are gained solely by human labor, i.e. movement of the
beads or slide.

the calculator uses an energy source, for example battery or solar
power. a wind-up calculator stores energy. a calculator regulates
its stored energy.

the stored energy is controlled much like the escapement of a clock.
the stored energy implements the unobserved steps or procedures
tending towards a visible solution.
even if every step were accounted for, for example listed in real
time in a debugging program - the steps are unobserved.
only signifiers, mediators, are observed.

the ontology of the slide-rule however may be compared to the
epistemology of the abacus or calculator.
the abacus founders on ontology and the real.
the calculator founders on ontology, the slide-rule on epistemology.
the real is of the real. 

the digital must be manifest, within the analogic. the analogic
is present. the ruptures of the abacus are problematized by the 
fuzzy movement of the beads. an electronic abacus, a digital abacus
in other words, is internalized.

this is the secret of the digital: its internalization is that of 
the body; its operations are literally neural, and its protocols
are the shape-riding of synaptic signals.

the digital has a life of its own; the analogic is inert, and in this
sense, even the analogic body is inert.
life is always the life of others. 

ii

we look at the slide-rule or abacus. we watch the computer screen.
we say 'look at this'; however if we are responsible, we say
'watch this.' we see a film, but watch television. 

however we look at the computer screen. we look at symptoms, 'look
what's happening here.' we watched a film last night. did you see
that show on television? look, see, watch - however, with the abacus
or slide-rule, with the real, we look.

why should we watch the slide-rule? it's not doing anything.
watch what i can do with it. watch the carry-over of the abacus
beads.

we wait with expectation. i wait without expectation.
the slide-rule waits for nothing, does not wait.
the computer may be in standby or hibernation. 
the computer or calculator is the filtering and mediation of
potential energy.
the computer and calculator possess kinetic energy in the carrying-
out, performance, of their duties. they are assigned duties. the
assignments are flexible, flex-work.
the slide-rule and abacus do not possess kinetic energy. or rather:
they do not possess internal kinetic energy. for example, a stone
may fall; a stone is.

of course energy may be reassigned, as may waiting, looking, seeing,
watching, interior and exterior. there may or may not be an observer.
huang-po may have been such an observer.



Dimensional Collapse


Dimensional collapse might be an example of the imprecision of phenomena
in relation to any given grid. Here one might have analog -> digital (i.e. 
mapping) -> dimensional collapse.

In relation to analog/digital phenomenology: look at collapse; at border- 
line phenomena; at rastered 'infinities'; at the phenomenology of observa- 
tion itself; infinitesimals; particle decay; at Thom's catastrophe theory; 
at cellular re: Wolfram; and so forth.

Somewhere in all of this there are hints of sudden collapse that predate 
the universe.

Perhaps a hint that the analog is an extrusion, just as Aristotelian 
distributivity is an intrusion in relation to gestural (non-Booelan) 
logics.

Perhaps the primordial surrounds us; our prsent; the universe begins in 
the synchronic, pre/chaotic extension; having always already begun; having 
always already ended.

Issues: My own ignorance in relation to the _practical limits of calcula- 
tion._ One can easily, for example, multiply a 1000-digit number by 2; 
it's only a question of limited rules (i.e. 2 x 8 = 6 + carry). Machines 
can handle 2 1000-digit numbers multiplied, etc. Pi can be calculated, 
presumably indefinitely. On the other hand, take sin(tan(x)) as x 
approaches 90 degrees; sooner or later the calculation breaks down, and 
'jumps' are observed. Re: fractal programs - continuous enlargment stops 
as a result of what? Calculation limits? Graphics/raster limits? Is the 
stoppage _inherent_ in the technology, regardless of interface, or is it a 
byproduct of interface as much as anything else?

My stupidity of course gets the better of this...



mesmeric beacon

The digital promises eternity and implosion simultaneously. As the world 
rolls on, the archive, dependent on a technological present, momentarily 
survives. In a decade, our words will be forever lost; in a century, the 
writers from the red dust return to the same. Our world is burning, our 
digital mission evanescent. We endure, adapt ourselves to fast-forward 
technological innovation, hope for the best; we shall never see the end of 
it. I work with this in mind, as if each piece is my last. My work expands 
across sensory modalities, temporary membranes of personal and inconeiv- 
able wonder. 





Writing in the airport, alarm, flashing lights.


What happens in relation to language and codework vis-a-vis glossolalia? 
mantra?

In mantra, language is performative by virtue of repetition; in glossso- 
lalia, language is excess and testimony. Both are dependent on the aural 
register; mantra is steered through texts as well.

In both, sound is empathetic within and without the imminency of the 
world. In both, the performance of natural language is negated, 'nonsense' 
words on the edge of interpretation.

The mantra appears unconstructed, present and presencing: 'So much for the 
believer's explanation of the origin of _mantra_ - its construction as a 
verbal sound cannot interest him; on the contrary, he must deny the very 
possibility of its having been "constructed" at any time - for being 
eternal and only revealed in time, "construction" is precluded.' (Bharati)
Glossolalia likewise is unconstructed, albeit susceptible to linguistico- 
archaeological renderings of ancient or at least ulterior fragmentary 
texts.

If code is the asymptotic well-formed performative language, codework is 
the deconstruction of that language within or corroding by or corroding 
natural language. If code is entirely construct, codework is the splay of 
mantra-glossolalia across its semantics. Codework has an uncanny relation- 
ship with language and code; its sound is always distanced, almost 
inaudible. Do not _think_ (of a) mantra; do not _think_ glossolalia. This 
preclusion of thought is the preclusion of ration, rationality - in other 
words conventional syntax. When syntax is cleared, the aural field 
emerges.

This tendency towards the uncanny is also found in codework's relation to 
the semantic or referential field. Codework threatens its own referents 
_qua_ referents; in this respect it is liminal, although liminal _among_ 
what? - is part of its (fluid) content. 

Alarms are going off in the airport. There are flashing lights.

In Echolalias, Heller-Roazen describes Trubetskoi's analysis of interjec- 
tions; Trubetskoi pointed out that the interjective phoneme set contains 
numerous sounds not found within the standardized language. In English for 
example, grrr, hmmm, brrr, the glottal stop in uh-oh, etc. Might one 
consider this real world interference, code abandoning normative phonemic 
structures? Code is related to the _cry of pain,_ the inability to retain 
meaning in the face of it, Levinasian alterity consumed in the Deleuzian 
pli short-circuiting the body. For that matter, Levinas' Existence and 
Existents describes insomnia's relation to decathecting, being, if I'm not 
mistaken. Code ruptures, loosens meaning; it might be language wounded, 
language not on its own, returned to the bodies that produced 'it.'


Echolalias, On the Forgetting of Language, Daniel Heller-Roazen, Zone, 
2005 and The Tantric Tradition, Agehananda Bharati, The Tantric Tradition, 
Anchor, 1970





Chicago performance text


[PROEM:] COLLAPSE / hard to write when country collapses / when we are now 
IMPERIUM / the digital is at the margins of the analog / the digital is 
always already a construct / we are constructing at the margins of 
violence / analog = substance / (i always have good ways of starting and 
then everything falls apart) / falls apart = analog / [HERE I BEGIN THE 
PERFORMANCE:. NO one understands the digital / we assume we understand the 
term. we use it to reference perhaps.... the construct of a cd or cdrom or 
dvd or any digital file which begs the question - certainly there's 
something to be said for the presence of a POTENTIAL WELL - in other 
words, for 01010010101000111 etc. to make any sense at all, the entire 
stream must be first of all PROTECTED and second of all subjected to 
checksums - i.e. verified. but this is all technology... in fact it is 
similar technology that references subterfuge, the cipher, the war- 
machine, the industrial revolution. anything that can be subdued or placed 
within a yes no YES NO situation - that is, can be forced into at the 
limit one of two possibilities, whatever they are - this is what happens 
with the WAVE EQUARTION i think that is when schroding cat enters into an 
anomalous state unitl the moment it's observed, forced into life/death - 
what are the implications? it's the analog forced into the digital through 
the construct of the observer. this is at the heart of things; on the 
level ofthe social, it connects obviously to Foucault's panopticon seeing 
everything - what is it seeing? if it was in say Iowa it might have seen 
the nineteenth century revolving jail which is still there, no longer 
functioning - two people holding over a hundred prisoners in a lazy-susan 
machine three stories high. if it was - sorry, "if it were" in the united 
state, it would be, it would have been, perhaps the locus of the WMD in 
the Iraq war - what constitutes a weapon? how many have to die for mass 
destruction? don't forget we've already killed about 160000 Iraqi - but it 
doesn't matter, they're not on the news; there are no longer bodies, and 
what I'm pointing out is already or always already useless, known before . 
"a respomnse to war" - the bodies blown apart - oiringally created using 
motion capture equipement - modified - they're no longer coherent - 
DIGITAL - by the way do you know that wind machines - electrical 
generators - tend to kill tens of thousand of migrating birds? another 
true fact! more of thesame, some of you might already have seen these, for 
which apologies - if you can't have beauty in the symmetry of the digital, 
where can you have it? i'm trying nit to blow the speakers... on the other 
hand, perhaps that would give ... some indication .. of the fact which 
still bothers me that here we are in a safe american hotel whereas. - the 
jordanians, the chinese, are in the news again - what's thar you/re 
hearing? vlf radio results in antennas that can SOMETIMES ACT AS 
MICROPHONES by cojpling coupling with other organic beings in the vicinity 
- here a woman is stomping and changing the ELECTRRICAL characteristics of 
the ground in the vicinity of the antenna - if this gets any louder I'll 
go BLIND - these are the locations on a trip a few months ago - where the 
antennas tended to work - where it was possible to get away form the 
TECHNOLOGICLA POWER GRID - any 60 cycle wire in the vicinity interferens 
with the natural world - what you're hearing is the natural world as a 
result of things being... taken as far as possible, away from everything 
else - it all occurs w/in the realm of relative violence - just as the 
digital is always already violence, cutting into the analog, bassed on 
decision someone or somewhat something is making - it remains without this 
tendency by itself - it's the cutting that does it - the obvserver in the 
schordinger case for example or the observers in Baghdad - that's what it 
is - it's like a car crash - this is a danger curve - there are 
archaeological remnants, paints, scratches, rubber trails, scars in the 
concrete - the site of a huge number of accidents in the viciinity of los 
angeles - my choreographer and I are discussing the latest "new moves" for 
his dance companyh in GENEVA - none of this stuff is worht more than a 
MOMENT's NOTICE. i'm always jealous of AREAL ARTISTS who make things that 
CHANGE THE WORLD - big PAINTINGS or INSTALLATIONS - they're just THERE - 
this stuff is all on the INTERNET - close your eyes and I'll have taken it 
down - I don't have room for everything - sooner or later - when I'm gone 
thank God - it will all disappear - tehre's no room for anything else - ok 
this is ROBERT FANNING's kid in Morgantown West Virginia - he's the only 
kid I know who can do this - it's a pretty good break - I think it was a 
bit disturbing to the family - who knows? - I'm running out of 
steam/stream - I'm old, I don't know how old I am, I kind of forget what 
I'm doing here - it's like dusk - stuff growing darker - if this were a 
performance I'd say - now this is the endof things COMING FROM AN AMERICAN 
HOTEL I DARE YOU BAD PEOPLE TO BOMBOMB US I REALLY DARE YOU WER'RE THE 
VILLLAINS HERE YOU KNOW THAT COME AND GET YOU No sorry that's COME AND GET 
US YOU DIRTY PEOPLE WE"RE WAITING WE're The embe sorry MEMBERS of the SLA 
Symbionese Liberation Society for Literature and thye Arts Front, signed 
Patty hearst, but I'm not doing a performance so I'm not sure how long 
I've gone for but I'll stop -= thankyou

[NOTE: I wasn't satisifed, I rarely am, with the performance, but the text 
- improvised of course in real time in dialog with video clips chosen in 
real time - seems ok.]


Missive from 


This missive, having once been written and already destined for /dev/null, 
is written, once again, reinforcing the direction of the original, that 
the Net, our Net, as we know it, or as it is own, is not only ephemeral, 
but that our communality, communitas, so dependent upon it, might well 
disappear - replaced only as dreams, of alterities in other places, 
likewise dreamed. What might be cauterized, what finality, is nothing less 
than our own interiority: limbs become phantom limbs, voices become 
phantom voices, and the social matrix itself becomes figurative ectoplasm. 
Not only is this a real possibility; it is fundamental that our ordered 
socius tends towards the disorderly - addresses and url will disappear, 
permanently, and that communicable touch we take for grant will turn 
towards a state of unacknowledged, because uncommunicated, mourning. This 
may happen tonight; it may happen tomorrow; or a century from now - but it 
will happen. And with this happening, technology reverts as well towards 
the hyper-personal - out of touch with anything but those loops of 
secondary narcissism that carry, first and foremost, the effluvia of 
identity - the rest is nothing but cultural superstructure, dependent on 
capital, which may have collapsed as well. Or not collapsed - capital 
never collapses - but turned local, regional - a xenophobic capital like 
homeowner's associations, owing nothing anywhere - no international debt 
for example, which is alterity raised to an incandescent degree.

Equivalence, that primordial condition of the duplicated file, breaks: all 
typifications, standardizations, disappear, and no textual instantiation 
may be compared to any other. The condition is diasporic; only the 
diachronic remains as re/constructed memory, synchrony itself such a 
memory, useless, uncanny, the materiality of dreams, the dreamwork.

This will happen. All of this will happen. On one hand we witness again 
and again the fragility of the material-real, which is both inert and 
always already unique; on the other, equivalence and the Net are destined 
to cease as processes, becoming nothing than other disconnected, scattered 
artifacts. We should prepare for this. We should recognize this future as 
certain and (in)coherent within our present own. We shall not own it. We 
shall not recognize 'own.'

 of

    the Italian Renaissance, especially the Florentine 

 the Italian Renaissance, especially the Florentine 
 the Italian Renaissance, especially the Florentine 



   programs I developed my confused fumblings with knot theory programs I 
developed

 my confused fumblings with knot theory  my
 my confused fumblings with knot theory 
 my
 my

   self-hatreds and their ten realistic justifications self-hatreds and 
their

ten realistic justifications  Vito Acconci
ten realistic justifications 
 Vito Acconci
 Vito Acconci

   and Kathy Acker Rosemarie Mayer and Laurie Anderson and Kathy Acker

 Rosemarie Mayer and Laurie Anderson  my
 Rosemarie Mayer and Laurie Anderson 
    Anglo-Saxon riddles and Bede's history and work on the Tabernacle

 all  Dostoevsky and most  Dostoevsky and most 
 Dostoevsky and most 


 Dogen and the times  the coming  the coming 
 the coming 


 Ethnology  my
 Ethnology 
 my difficulty  recognition  various

 recognition  various
   difficulty 
 various
 laughter 

   Irigaray and the open door the chora and fluid mechanics Irigaray and 
the open door


 the chora and fluid mechanics  guitars
 the chora and fluid mechanics 
 guitars
 guitars

   and sitars and mrdangam and my recordings the movement and sitars and 
mrdangam and my recordings

 the movement  my hands
 the movement 
 my hands
 my hands


 film and video cameras and the transformation  mechanism to the
 film and video cameras and the transformation 
 mechanism to the
 mechanism to the

   internalized world  electronics    internalized world 
 electronics  the Everglades and their
 electronics 
 the Everglades and their
 the Everglades and their


   miraculous panoply  flora and fauna    miraculous panoply 
 flora and fauna  rare species and our delight
 flora and fauna 
 rare species and our delight
 rare species and our delight

   at seeing them for the very first time new species at seeing them for 
the very first time


 new species  the people I
 new species 
 the people I
 the people I

   have hurt and my inability to make amends the theory have hurt and my 
inability to make amends


 the theory  the abacus
 the theory 
 the abacus
 the abacus

   and the variety  historical and prehistoric abaci    and the variety 

 historical and prehistoric abaci  the community
 historical and prehistoric abaci 
 the community
 the community

 the
 the

   tendencies  my wor    tendencies 
 my wor  the micrscope and the interiorities made
 my wor 
 the micrscope and the interiorities made
 the micrscope and the interiorities made


   worlds to me my inability to seek or attain salvation worlds to me
 my inability to seek or attain salvation  the world
 my inability to seek or attain salvation 
 the world
 the world


 books and my loss within them and losing myself within them 
 books and my loss within them and losing myself within them 
   Azure and her love me which I will never understand Azure and her love
 me which I will never understand  my family
 me which I will never understand 
 my family
 my family

 whom I have cut f forever  my

f forever  my
   some 



 hello world
 

  application lesson the   
 application lesson the   applet which 
 application lesson the  
 applet which 
 applet which 

  application lesson the 

 applet which 
 
 applet which 
 
   laughing meme tradition says 
  
 laughing meme tradition says 
 laughing meme tradition says 

 laughing meme tradition says 
 
 laughing meme tradition says 
 
 so what is your second app  !
 so what is your second app  
!
!

!
 
!
 
 see  ! displayed on 
 see  
! displayed on 
! displayed on 

! displayed on 
 
! displayed on 
 
 applet which 
 
 js componentn this   
 js componentn this  
 
 

 
 
 
 
 in phython   in phython 
 in phython 

 in phython 

! also an infinite 
! also an infinite 

! also an infinite 
 
! also an infinite 
 
! systemoutprintln ! } } mainstring[] args { ! } } mainstring[] args { 
! } } mainstring[] args { ! systemoutprintln
! systemoutprintln

! systemoutprintln
mainstring[] args { 
! } }   
! } }  
 programs collection of trac   programs stood 
 programs collection of trac  
 programs stood 
 programs stood 

 programs stood 
 
 programs stood 
 
 edapplet lesson the   applet by following the steps 
 edapplet lesson the  
 applet by following the steps 
 applet by following the steps 

 applet by following the steps 
 
 applet by following the steps 
 
 so go for all my loyal readers never fear   is not 
 so go for all my loyal readers never fear  
 is not 
 is not 

 is not 
 
 is not 
 
jscomponentwin man's   javascript component   javascript component  
 javascript component   javascript component 
 javascript component 

 javascript component 

 javascript component   in gtk n gnomegtk 
 in gtk n gnomegtk  javascript component 

n gnomegtk  javascript component 

n gnomegtk  there 
n gnomegtk  there 

n gnomegtk 
n gnomegtk 

 with jpspan sajax  
 with jpspan sajax 
 applet named java in the html extends 
 applet named 
java in the html extends 
java in the html extends 

java in the html extends 

java in the html extends 

 application should see  ! displayed 
 application should see  
! displayed 
! displayed 

! displayed 
 
! displayed 
 
 applet which 
 
travelsinvirtualityjpg travels in virtuality   java 
travelsinvirtualityjpg travels in virtuality  
 java 
 java 

 java 
 
 java 
 
 program lets you learn and running the   
 program lets you learn and running the  
 app dm new dynamicmethod typeofvoid new type[] {} 
 app dm new dynamicmethod
 typeofvoid new type[] {} 
 typeofvoid new type[] {} 

 typeofvoid new type[] {} 

 typeofvoid new type[] {} 

 document  by demonstrate 
 document 
 by demonstrate 
 by demonstrate 

 by demonstrate 

 by demonstrate 

 the kernel j!nx computer baby creeper   baby 
 the kernel j!nx computer baby creeper  
 baby 
 baby 

 baby 
 
 baby 
 
 program main { printf n } this program 
 program main { printf 
n } this program 
n } this program 

n } this program 
 
n } this program 
 
! came down to how would you write ' ' in qt 
! came down to how would you write ' 
' in qt 
' in qt 

' in qt 
 
' in qt 
 
 tutorial ! itemid 
 tutorial 
! itemid 
! itemid 

! itemid 

! itemid 

 see you in germany football sport year   programs 
 see you in germany football sport year  
 programs 
 programs 

 programs 
 
 programs 
 
'   program  program 
 program ! 
! 

! 
 
 with application { consoleprintln ! tutorial 
 with application { consoleprintln 
! tutorial 
! tutorial 

! tutorial 
 
! tutorial 
 
 application author atozed  and   and   and 
  and  
 

 getting personal system   homebrewing 
 getting personal system  
 homebrewing 
 homebrewing 

 homebrewing 
 
 homebrewing 
 
 baby 
 
! } } directoryacetonedata  peswiki 
! } } directoryacetonedata 
 peswiki 
 peswiki 

 peswiki 
 
 peswiki 
 
artists liberating your art part   the artists liberating your art part  
 the  kempacom artists liberating your art part 
 the 
 kempacom artists liberating your art part 
 kempacom artists liberating your art part 

 kempacom  
 kempacom  

 kempacom 
 kempacom 

 servlet resinservlettutorial

 








 gallery  ! is such a simple program how not 
 gallery  
! is such a simple program how not 
! is such a simple program how not 

! is such a simple program how not 
 
! is such a simple program how not 
 


 main { printf n } usually it does not work the first 
 main { printf 
n } usually it does not work the first 
n } usually it does not work the first 

n } usually it does not work the first 
 
n } usually it does not work the first 
 


!   application edapplication you 
!  
 application edapplication you 
 application edapplication you 

 application edapplication you 
 
 application edapplication you 
 


! the basic programming language   description 
! the basic programming language  
 description 
 description 

 description 
 
 description 
 


 infinitely print  ! 
 infinitely print  


 plugin need to create a simple ' ' eclipse in 
 plugin need to create a simple ' 
' eclipse in 
' eclipse in 

' eclipse in 
 
' eclipse in 
 


serverc a   server
serverc a  
 server
 server

 server
 
 server
 






 you will need c# compiler   what
 you will need c# compiler  
 what
 what

 what
 
 what
 


! a new beginning   
! a new beginning  


 example   one of 
 example  
 one of 
 one of 

 one of 
 
 one of 
 


 server developing the   server this lesson 
 server developing the  
 server this lesson 
 server this lesson 

 server this lesson 
 
 server this lesson 
 


 style app generation of gtk mono drawing 
 style app generation of gtk
 mono drawing 
 mono drawing 

 mono drawing 

 mono drawing 



! simple example it contains only the bare  example it contains only the 
bare example it contains only the bare ! simple 
! simple 

! simple 

 example it contains only the bare  ! 
 example it contains only the bare  
 example brings up the words   moving up and down 
 example brings up the words  
 moving up and down 
 moving up and down 

 moving up and down 
 
 moving up and down 
 


 see you in year helpmambo   the 
 see you in year helpmambo  
 the 
 the 

 the 
 
 the 
 




 devnull & echo  ! exit this program 
 devnull & echo  
! exit this program 
! exit this program 

! exit this program 
 
! exit this program 
 


 tells the story   has two tiers language   has two tiers language  
 has two tiers language   has two tiers language 
 has two tiers language 

 has two tiers language 
 






c a   example in which a 
c a  
 example in which a 
 example in which a 

 example in which a 
 
 example in which a 
 


c privatequeuec a c a 
c a c a 
c a 

c a 



28 statements

0]+
 { print "the analog aligns with substance" }

a]+
 digital is based on epistemology and uniformity" 

b]+
 always already a mapping" 

c]+
 mapping analogy" 

d]+
 doubly-encoded" 

e]+
 real infinite raster" 

f]+
 "form extruded 

g]+
 integral calculus inheres within the analog" 

h]+
 differential digital" 

i]+
 signature analogous to body" 

j]+
 "type writing" 

k]+
 "inscribe in stone matrix" 

l]+
 chiasmus at limit" 

m]+
 "noise parasitic enveloping 

n]+
 simultaneously eternal ephemeral" 

o]+
 "technology substructure of 

p]+
 technological temporally splays leaks" 

q]+
 "from substance from 

r]+
 atemporal time analogical" 

s]+
 "a sentence through every sentence" 

t]+
 world world" 

u]+
 "fluid mechanics 

v]+
 constructible" 

w]+
 "what occurs 

x]+
 "fundamental particles biological neurons" 

y]+
 "digital levels homeostatic entities" 

z]+
 "material through" 

^$
 "analog digital, 




Abacus: The Pale


The abacus is generally divided into two sections - above and below the 
line. Below, each bead or token represents one unit. above, each token 
represents five units. Consider the units above indexical: the _position_ 
of the token represents either naught or five. But the units below are 
doubly coded: as ikonic, they not only represent one; they _are_ one. But 
in terms of position, the one is counted and accountable, or uncounted and 
unaccountable. Think on that.


text from Miami University (Ohio) performance tonight:

Once We begin we march to our deaths yes yes we do or or do we do we march 
to our death? Is our death collective? Universal? One or many? I'm sorry 
I'm much better at sound than visual. No wait I meant to say much better 
at ... not at writing ... I'm much better "not at writing." Wait, you have 
to see this. But I'm not so good "at thinking." How does one do something 
"at" writing or something "at" thinking? Excuse me, I'm cold; my clothes 
are lost in a suitcase somewhere outside Chicago.You're early, we're 
running tests here, although the performance won't be all that different. 
If you look for about ten minutes you'll have had enough and then you can 
leave and make room for the lines of people outside. Signed, "Henry 
Potter." "Man tries to climb so high and then He falls and falls ALAS" 
"Man likes to fire off his Thing ALAS" This is me playing a waltz. That 
was me stopping a waltz. This is Anja Schmidt. This is me and Sandy 
Baldwin discussing the phenomenological distinction between "analog and 
digital." This is me and Sandy Baldwin flying through the air across the 
river in New Jersey (from New York). "We can fly." I should tell you the 
performance won't be any different from what you're seeing now, honestly. 
I might be a bit more nervous, that's all. Graphics are graphics. Well, 
anyway these were done around the time of the scandal over the Abu Gharayb 
prison in Iraq. And some of the guards involved in that, they were from 
West Virginia. And this was produced near the area where the guards, some 
of them, were from. So it was natural for me to work with disturbed, torn 
bodies - here's another one - you might have already seen this last night 
- I'm supposed to start in six minutes but this is only forty seconds 
long! I've used up all my material! FUCK! Maybe you'd like to hear a kid 
screaming. This kid from West Virginia can do this! I can't. I don't know 
how he does it. His family "doesn't encourage him." You just can't get 
enough of screaming kids! Think positive, think MARTHA STEWART! (Have you 
seen Wednesday's The Apprentice? I had to show this stuff instead. I don't 
know who got kicked off. Pleas see me later and letme know.) - on the 
right, one of the major scenes of car wrecks in Orange County California. 
That curve sneaks up on you! Ok, me, age fourteen. I knew a girl. I "fell" 
for her. More of the West Virginia work. Somewhere between avatars and 
shamans and the torture at Abu Gharayb there lies a whole politics. I 
can't tell you the politicxs "but I can tell you this/" These figures were 
animated by using motion graphics - a motion graphic device - by messing 
with the mapping of the sensors that are placed on the body - rearranging 
them - just as figures are rearranged in torture - just as torture (and 
Merce Cunningham for another example) pays little attention to the natural 
attitudes of the body. So the body - with the motion sensor stuff - was 
divided and splayed and redivied and the result is a remapping back on to 
bodies that makes little sense but for a kind of emotional economy.... 
(TURN AWAY YOU MIGHT NOT WANT TO SEE THIS BLUSH!) Instead of being 
introduced, think of this as an introduction: MY NAME IS ALAN SONDHEIM AND 
I AM NOT ON MY 
MEDICATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WWELL, hmm, that's 
enough of that... See, what happened, my baggage was lost by American 
Airlines (PLEASE KILL AMERICAN AIRLINES BURN THEM IN HELL 
HAHAHAHHAHAHHAHHHHHHHHHHHZ) and so I'm working without my 
PLENIPOTENTIARIES - part of what I'm doing, trying to control these images 
- so they make some sort of sense - at times they seem to take over, take 
control - I'm wll aware of the sexuality/politics of the images, I'm not 
imagining things...I'm spoiling things, this is the grand finale and it's 
hardly just started. Terrific, so much stuff to look at. I'll try and tell 
yo what's here - the antenna movie in the upper left - searching for 
places to set up low frequency radio antennas - they need to be away from 
civilization - in the wilderness away from power lines - the recordings 
you're hearing are fromm the radio somewhat modified - then the category 
of natural/industrial - two films going through my images trying to find 
those which fit (I think ) into oene or another - I've got two naturals 
running, gotta tkae one out - Let's listen to the kids. Okay it's like 
this, THE KIDS ARE OUR FUTURE> (hell, that's not me , that's the 
medications talking!) - well .... This is my partner and me being a happy 
family in Santa Ana Clifornia on a residency program going about our 
business and singging and dancing like any happy family there's also 
simulated sex of course but that's , ow I don't want to inerryot tg HELL 
interrupt the bowing...
Ok picture this... it's three in the morning and there's a huge explosin 
outside our loft in brooklyn and G comes runnin and in and says the water 
mains blown and sure enoughs o so we run out and watched it fill sthe 
subway and tear the street apart. Some of you saw this last night BUT NOT 
THE WHOLE THING.
well I'll dsappoint you again. This is all my work forthe past twelve 
years. Richard Nixon put it beest "When the tough get going the good get 
tough." Well, that's easy for me to say. What amazes me about the United 
States at this point in time - is how the social safety net has been 
totallyeliminated in the four or five years of the Bush administration. In 
NY where we live (Brooklyn) there are suddenly dozens of homeless people 
and the soup kitchens are overflowing and no one is giving to those 
charities because the war in Iraq and Katrina absorbed the funds. So 
anyway In Huntington beach california, there was this fourth of july 
parade. and it was like the parades in the Soviet Union in the fities and 
sixties, goose-stepping kids, lots of armor, lots of salutes to the 
military - at least for me - i lived through too much of that periiod - it 
was frightening - and it was all for the sake of oil - Huntington Beach 
was at one point one of the largest producers of oil in the US - and these 
grasshoppers - this oil rigs - carrry american flags on it as if it makes 
everything all right - in Salt Lake City, dusk settles in, turns to night, 
the landscape is fairly devoured within the city limits, there's a short 
path, "nature path" through it, the Jordan River, it turned night there 
-we saw a couple of foxes that managed to survive . these were dreams and 
nightmares of figures and it took about two hours to make this - no this 
one took an hour I KNEW WHAT I WAS DOING (said GOD).normally at this point 
I'd BE ON A ROOLLL and everything would be working perfectly hin harmony 
that is, but now already things are a bit out of control. here's a bunch 
of films all at once - can you tell which is moving? If you were seeing 
this in a theater and it was a harry potter movie, you can be sure 
soething really remarkably dramatic would b e going on. So hmmm... I'm not 
sure how to deal with this - I think the figure on the right HAS 
DIPTHERIA. Just watch. The woman above - hmmm.... she's got CHOLERA and is 
writing (heh what a misprint) wrything writhing in her last moments of 
life. Oh god I just looked to my right ALL OF YOU ARE STILL HERE... fuck, 
I didn't think so many had come . If you arrived in the last three or four 
minutes, you're lucky, you'll think this is all NEW. So you don't have to 
see the DUMP MOVIE again, how idiotic! God I could just watch myself on 
the screen forever and ever. Back to politics. The next video was shot on 
the grunds of the World Trade Center and the soundtrack is modified from 
WIFI signals in the area. Hold onto your hats! THIS I could WATCH FOREVER 
- this is the inside of my brain..... Is there a doctor in the house 
(doctor = sysadmin). At night, for exaple the night before last, I dreamed 
of bodies like these. And this afternoon I was napping and I dreamed of an 
explosion inside the equipment, that is, inside the euqipmetn, the digital 
equipment, that I was using to make these images. And the explosion 
happened inside me and the explosion destroyed me and all that was left 
were these images but you needed to understand the protocols to make sense 
of the images and maybe you didn't know the protocols or the protocols 
were absent ... So if they were absent, you'd have these bits and pieces 
of things, but they'd only be bits and pieces of flesh or something like 
flesh - the secret codes - that make things move - these codes would be 
gone they'd be gone gone they'd be gone machines - there'd be nothing left 
- you wouldn't see the bits of flesh hanging off the avatars - the 
animations which were nothing more than digital surfaces stapled LITERALLY 
on human bodies, the screams would be covered up, by --- I really can't 
think this through any longer, it's all there in the BOOK THE BIBLE.
At night, as I said, these things mix, they mix with me, they mix with the 
political and the death of bodies - It seems, I'd think, you could tell 
with of these figures on the left - which was real. But I'd have you 
fooled.... men are so stupid... On the right, yet another scene from 
Harrpy Power... On the left, yet another sceeen from Irak Warrior online. 
I recognize the hour on hand...
the hour on hand... this is somewhere somewhere this is... coming towards 
an end... The idea (according to Schelling - rather the Idea - is that 
when you play beach volleyball you PLAY WITH SOMEONE. hitting into the 
voice is a pure act of a very different sort of creation.... I think it's 
this.. that I'm just fucked up, that I think if I can't do something well 
at least I can do more of it - and that will make it better. But it just 
gets preposterous....sometimes you just do this sttuff and it stops
THANK YOU FOR COMING. There will be some time for questions and answwer s 
-

_


ok, the buddha stuff < my > is running out of steam.
so what if the real can be turned beautiful?
can you turn prisoners out of hidden torture camps?
interesting to watch shattered-usa try to get out of this one.
we don't torture but whatever we do we protect you.
buddha disappears into a blur of colors.
the cpu distorts the reality it creates.
nothing is distorted and everyone using a computer knows nothing is
  created. misery becomes everyone in the world.





glow

perhaps like bachelard, believing in the secret life of things.
but is a reference necessary? things have their own glows, lives.
these lives are my comfort zones

the mystery of the vacuum, filament glows, hearths, from bulbs, tubes,
unlike the flatness of lcd screens (their own colder glows, glacial,
nonetheless kindly, empathetic)

when i was young, i would make drawing after drawing, tiny villages
from above, surrounded by protecting walls, almost a maze to enter,
i was safe there, i could leave, return home against the onslaught
and violence of others

sparking in vacuums, closed glass bells, inert and noble gases, and
the orange hue, the promise of life in the heart of radiation, of
radiation in the beating heart of life

throbbing candle flames, lanterns, amplifier and preamplifier tubes,
delight of email, lives through wire-nerves, radiation-nerves,
speaking to me, whisperings from the planet through the hours of day
and night, distant glimmers of eternity

darkling protocols, your imaginary voices, voices of the imaginary,
here i am, here you are, there i am, there you are, thinnest of 
glass enclosures, rounded and subtle, skeins of lives and families,
murmurings of love, colorations

vacuum uncanny, our absence from visible space, emptied, but not
quite, the quantum hearth churns, there are radiations, gravitations,
crossroads of silences, rumors of darkness and universal endings

but cathodic, traumatic, heatings, warmth of instrumentations, that
slightest trembling, our passional heat, our soft sleepings within
the blanketings of worlds and lazy atmospheres



the seed - ( secret interior life / drawings w/ 
comfort zones / mysteries of the vacuum 
glass / throbbing )

( our universe tiny, our place smaller, we huddle against the cold 
to come, we will have gone by then, we will unremember )



performance text, Sarah Lawrence, 12/08/05


i is cold here are you is cold. arrgh. should there be rhyme? this is 
close to the apocalypse. it's daytime in iraq. the 9/11 commission: "we 
fail." this is live. "this is memorex." it's i'm not sure what time in 
pakistan. winter's coming in. winter's coming into thailand isn't it? 
perhaps thailand is in south america. i don't know. something happened 
there and a lot of people died.
these images... sometime after abu gharayb i began dreaming of torn 
bodies. no that's not true, it happened a lot earlier, but abu gharayb 
confirmed things, that the united states was as capable of as much 
slaughter as any fascist country, thank you condaleeza. however you spel 
your nam. when you take a program and run it to its limits, you get these 
figures. the program tries to makesense of the files just as i try to make 
sense of the world but the world is going much too fast. every time i wake 
iin the middle of the night my entire life flies before my eyes. or rather 
i hear it before or within my ears. it's fast and furious. it's mapped 
everywhere. when i showed this work recently someone said it was just 
likie bush torturing people. i walked ou on him and almost came to blows 
but i avoided blows later someone else said i was closer to the apocalypse 
than anyone he knew.
how close can you get to the apocalypse? answer: 1.3 yards.
we are learning new ways to march which is all to the better. imitation is 
the best policy in guiding our young people in their future choise of 
carerrs.
what is surprising is that one wants to write anything these days. given 
the world-wide slaughter going on, it's hard to concentrate on a proper 
metaphor, what would work in a reading/writing, what wouldn't. even 
sending these images to the sky, absolutely a failure in the guise of 
someone on the ground just shot or blown up in iraq or on the streets of 
new york city.
i just can't get enough of drumming.
maybe if it wasn't so cold i'd be better able to think. welll i was away a 
few days ago and sat at harriet beecher stowe's desk where she wrote uncle 
tom's cabin so i sat at the desk and wrote to my uncle hymie.
this is the wolf at the door. after the bombing of the world trade center. 
shot obviouslly in the 'bathtub area' of the ruins. well i'd write some 
lyric poetry but my uncle adorno said i wasn't allowed to after auschwitz. 
well, i don't know whether i can agree with him or not but at least at 
this point i've forgotten how to rhyme. this is gerald edelman at a recent 
conference explaining how the brain works. well, i was jealous and all i 
could do was destroy his speech. heres an island for you. its reallly oil 
derricks off of long beach in california. people live out there. you could 
swim out to the derricks and the water is clean. or at least i think it 
is.
gary came to the door at 3am and said the water main broke and we went out 
and filmed it as the water went throgh the subway system and flooded 
through the cracks in the street. now... you might not noticve it, but 
this war, these wars, now they're continuous, there's no break, in 
war/terrorism/disease, whatever your pleasure, but these wars, they're 
really about the body, they're econsconsed in the body, i think that's not 
the way it's spelled, all this torture, lydnie englang posing with 
capitves.... all these signals, secret signs, the beheadings, if nothing 
else, you might want to watch one... on the internet, they're there, show 
you what's going on, someone else was killed, how? , today, bodies are 
turned into substance, that's the way apocaypse works - these were 
produced in west virginia, near ground zero of abu gharayb - i've tried 
god kknows i've tried to make sense of the world! i'm doing it at the 
moment it's impossible, too many things, what you're hearing now, this 
isn't the nuclear family, these are sounds... emissions.. from auroras, 
lightning, cosmic rays, magnetic storms, sunspots, the fury of the 
universe picked up by these antennas, now you hear the family now you 
don't. in any case, as you know, ahem, sexuality has increased on 
television something like two hundred percent since 1750!!! what a waste. 
iin fact, there were very few instances of intercourse or other naughty 
bits during the whole nineteenth century... it wasn't for lack of trying, 
certainly high definition came in around 1830 buit the studios were 
slow... on trying to decide what exactly to show...
it's ot silent, it's music for your ears.... i always love this one, it's 
west virginia at it's best, this kid can do this and it cn be heard for 
mielles, or at least into the other room -
now here's a poe.m someone called me a poet recently and i almost killed 
him. what's a poet? if we're not working at the edge of things are we 
doing anything at all? this is all my visual work for the past twelve 
years, i wanted to present something to you showing hmmm... my entire 
oeuvre, i hope you're not disappointed, it's really the only way... to 
guage the life of an artist, his/her works, what he/she is capable of, for 
example you might notice even at this speed that most of the photographs 
are in focus what you're hearing now is the dawn chorus, honestlyh, that's 
what it's called, it comes around dawn, very low frequency radio, just 
about the frequencies that you use when you talk, you can hear it 
sometimes, i'm not sure wht atht that it's exactly known,,, whatsproducing 
it.... but it began before humans ever hit the surface of the earth, even 
hit the surface of the earth running, one might say primoridal, since, 
since at least the beginning of the big bang, all the way back then, these 
crackles, this almost=whispering, some people think it's ghosts, aliens, 
it's just something to do with the ionosphere and the channeling of 
particles within it ... i took everyhthing i every made, it's cold typing 
here, i'm losing a bit of control, you can tell, the words just aren't 
flowing, but they really enver do, anyway, there are two categories from 
my images, natural/industrial, i went through... a little rorsach test... 
figuring out what i was interested in... why, becuase i made the images in 
the first place... someone had to do it... i can't stand the dawn much 
longer. that's better... almost human, something to listen to... i'm 
searching for something else to show you.... let's see, perhaps degas' 
dancers will open... some of the files have disappeared ALAS but that's 
what happens when you work on the internet....j oh god please turn 
away!"sondheim's show was seriously awful," not "awfully serious" as he'd 
like you to believe! anyway, you can only imagine... going into a museum 
and sneaking BENEATH the metal dress of one of Degas' dancers, shooting 
up, there were guards all around, i bet they never looked! actually there 
wasn't much to look at, to be honest, degas was naughty but not that 
naughty..
the best thing about landscapes is that they're unsteady - the 'ust' was 
created for an online site dealing with tsunami stuff - you can destroy 
whole towns with the click of amouse, or at least corrupt a file.... maybe 
not even that - in any case what you're hearing, this isn't earthquake 
proof this is the sound buildings make when you raise the pitch a little, 
i forget what building made this but i'll never forget her voice...
and this was done thinkingabout mining in pennsylvnia, wwe were just 
talking about that, something like 50000 dying every decade from the small
counties and towns in northeast pa...  - do you ever wake up in the 
morning or the middle of the night and say to yourself"
i want my work to MEAN i want to make a DIFFERENCE in the world and you 
realize no one is thinking
 (shut up! i'm in the middle of a bad poem)
and you realize no one wants to hear what you're saying anyway
and there are os many things you migth say or write
but then you think
IT"S ALL BEEN DONE BEFORE (now I'm REALLY ON IT HEH!)
yes, everyone has heard EVERYHTING BEFORE, just like that but then (THANK 
GOD FOR MULTITAKSING) but then ... it's oddly quiet here... i'm on my 
own... i'm not sure what else you migth want to see, the surfrod movie 
just died on me, shouldher is still runing, the willat sond is mubmbling 
in the background, that's more building stuff slowed up
NOW WHAT YOU'RE hearing really isn't sound recorded by a microphopne - it 
just sounds that way - these are antennas that are coupled to radios - 
you're hearing radio interference - Azure's stomping, coupling with the 
antenna, generating static electricity, the mandolin strings are coupling 
with a second antenna. so h.... it's not like, it's not like the real 
labor of music, O THE BEAUTY!
this is foofwa' d'imobilite dancing as fast as he can and i'm playing as 
fast as i can and azure' ignoring us. we did this twice in performance, we 
lasted about ten minutes, it doesn't look fast but honest.. it is ... 
wait, i'll show you later. please note: the image on the right is 
something to entertain you.
you can do neat stuff with it. it's a kind of sex-machine but it's really 
nothing but a two-dimensional projection of a bunch of polygons.
btw by the way this isn't sped up, foofwa dances like that, eats fast too.
ok, as you can tell i'm trying to figure out how to end i'll play some 
fast guitar and show you , well, his presentation sucked, it was all over 
the place i didn't get a damn thing out of it but he sure can play fast 
guitar
...and people thought that hippies were dead....
what's interesting btw about this series, these visual echoes of my work, 
that one picks out, the bodies stand out, the nudity appears almost 
foregrounded, it's the way the mind works, almost imprinting, well most 
likely instinctual impriting, against everything else, the chaos of 
everyday life, sooner or later this soundtrack will run out and i'll be 
done, we started with moments of apocalypse and torture, ran through a 
whole middle section of nothing much happening at all, but i think i saved 
it with some really terrific guitar playing, something like yo've never 
heard before, there goes a whole blues! just like that, i wish i could 
type that fast, it would make for a much ore interesting evening,, thank 
you, good bye



Disappearance of worlds, all is lost, every moment of every day, what is 
right and wrong in this and any other picture, even the microbes change, 
transmute, worlds crumbling, worlds unnoticed, deaths of worlds, our 
deaths, our worlds among them

Disappearance of worlds, Edwin Schroedinger, the room in Arosa in the 
Annex of the Villa Dr Herwig, here one can imagine the desk, the chair, 
the books that were to change science, the air and its chemistry which has 
long since disappeared (replaced by combustion byproducts, radiations and 
other pollutants), the microbes in the cracks of the wooden floor, 
seepages where the walls cornered, ceiling interstices, and all since 
mutated, the particular smell of the place, the atomic-molecular 
constitution of the room which has disappeared forever, the sound of the 
snow perhaps, the coldness underfoot, perhaps the fire and its specific 
smokes and crackles, Schroedinger's pen, unobserved, the richness of the 
leather, the muted sounds coming from without, the air of excitement in 
cause of the reinvention of the physical worldview of the universe, the 
glazed sky, the cold crystalline air, the surfaces cold nearer the floor, 
warmed elsewhere, to the touch of Erwin Schroedinger, these moments, the 
memories of Schroedinger, his may loves, the woman who shall forever be 
unknown, his accommodating wife, the paper unruled perhaps, his amazing 
concentration, remnants of holographic notebooks, the winds and rattling 
panes, perhaps the sounds of wolves, animal scurrying in the underbrush, 
iced trees and long walks leaving damp spots, slight stains, in the room 
where Erwin Schroedinger compiled and completed the reintegration of the 
physical Weltanschauung of atomic and subatomic physics, the buildings 
perched on the hillsides, the peaked roofs, the dark gables and white 
exterior walls, the windows pursuant to the inn-keeping of warmth and the 
inhabitation of Erwin Schroedinger and the women who accompanied him, the 
distant sounds of vehicles, the Christmas of 1925, the new year of 1926, 
the smell of food, coffee or tea, in the room, the love-making of Erwin 
Schroedinger, the completed meals, the food taken away, the quality and 
color of the plates, the cups and saucers, the metal slightly cold to the 
touch and taste, of the spoons and forks and knives, the slight scarring 
of the body of Erwin Schroedinger maturing into early middle age, the 
women and the solitude, the specific references surrounding him, papers, 
notebooks, the presence of the telephone, the quality of its ring, the 
electric lamps and the dusk of falling snow, the worrying and the hounding 
of equations, the explanations of variables and constants, mathematics of 
quantum physics and vibrations of atoms, eigenvalues and functions, the 
distractedness of Schroedinger approaching the shores of universal forms, 
subtle background of chimney smoke, the inkwell and the black ink, the 
book of Schlesinger on differential equations, the sounds of laughter in 
the room of Erwin Schroedinger, the tinkling of glass from another room, 
smells of meats and vegetables suffusing the space of wave equations and 
the presence and slightly sexual smell of the unknown woman and Erwin 
Schroedinger, the air at 1700 meters in the Alps, the shadows and presence 
of the Weisshorn, the pulmonary tuberculosis of Erwin Schroedinger, the 
Viennese cook and the healthy cuisine, the small sounds of the pen moving 
across the page, slight cough of Schroedinger looking forward to the 
coming year and many more, the deep and sincere belief in the value of 
physical theory, the startling sound of a bird in the distance, echoing 
against the slopes, the rumours of Davos, mice scuttling across the floor, 
drifting snow outside, the windows darkened momentarily with a wintered 
squall, somewhere a crying kitten




I'm sorry I wasn't able to deliver your message.


In Geneve the dancers waited in the cold.
The image bloomed and blossomed and the world faded.
Parochial, I only remember Claire and Mary.
The Shelleys watched the domestic drama unfold.
They died but not here, nowhere near here.
Apologetically, they left the film and story.
http://www.asondheim.org/gen.mov
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "female_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "female_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "female_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "female_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
Male and female bodies were zipped closed against the wind.
You can imagine who bundled up who.
We all wear culture underneath our clothes.
Our skin is our message.
The dancers of Foofwa d'Imobilite were immobilized.
Their only desire on the bridge was warmth and a comfortable home.
The United States of America would free them democratically.
Iraq = the Christmas-time joy of the whole wide world.
Jesus gouged the eyes of Jahweh Allah.
Jesus: "All gods see better now."
The dancers disappeared like ghosts upon the bridge.
Their bones were ice; their skin, fire; their minds, clear and bright.




birth of code unease

there is no birth of code, perhaps it is our universe.
any representation is already embedded in another.
perhaps you can't have representations without symmetrical substructures.
with 2nd-level code that's certainly true.
but a painting is another matter altogether.
in a painting (this is a painting of code), the eye does what the eye
 will (what one wills) (what is emergent (out of (in relation to)) chaos).
what i will <-> thinking a posteriori, the periphery.
i would have willed this if it would have been willed.
perhaps these sentences are phrases, unpunctured, opened
the world is all that is the easement
one can always try to force heidegger, i.e. retreat to alterity
why is there something rather than nothing <-> not always already your
 words, not even the ghosts of words, not even your own
(the) question(s) dissolve(/s) in the wind of presence
in this sense (inverse), why/cause = god
appeal to meaning, transcendence, and human culture falls to its knees
http://www.asondheim.org/birthofcode.jpg
in any case, my pleasure, your presence
in any case, your presence, my pleasure



credo

unutterable horror

if I did not _this_ and _now_ it would not, would never be, would never 
have been, done; this is the unutterable horror of death, with which I 
face every moment of my existence. I imagine myself near death, with the 
recognition, whatever I do not say _now_ will never be said, that these 
sights are my last, my own, and not my own; that my possessions, which I 
have carefully tended for so many years, will lose their inherent skein 
with new distributions; that I will never see an end to anything, nor to 
myself. with unutterable horror I continue to write, as if texts would 
stave death from proximity; these myths no longer work; I no longer sleep, 
or no longer sleep well; I survive to write _this_ text and only _this_ 
text; what I have promised myself - the knowledge of a new language, a 
visit to a foreign country - will never be done. when I open a book my 
first thought is always, will I survive to finish it; will this make a 
difference, certainly not to myself, on the verge of total annihilation. I 
cannot imagine such; such is literally unaccountable, unimaginable, 
replete with intrinsic absence. every saying, every utterance, is a gain- 
saying. this horror is not abstract; it is as concrete as the physical 
pain I also inhabit, and only the onslaught of physical torment will make 
my death bearable. I am a coward; such is not the case until disease or 
accident wills it so. I write, I create, as fast as I do, because it is 
all I can do; it is the only thing to be done; it is always the last rite; 
it is never enough.




the soul

I almost grasp the soul, which is obdurate, inert, hard as any real, ready 
for the byte of heaven/hell, nothing liminal, intermediary. battles are 
fought for it; the soul is the soul of war, of possession, the spoils of 
war. it is the soul that motivates the imaginary of occidental thought 
into anthropologies of conquest and conquest itself; it is murderous, of 
value in the service of God. the soul is not the mark of reincarnation, 
nor the mark of its own bardo-making and unmaking; instead, it is a thing 
and a treasure which is unquestioning of existence, ontology, nothingness. 
question the soul and our dis/ease is evident; what we cherish is our 
ruin, and the ruin of others. the soul separates us from ourselves; an 
invention of the desert of nomads, it is the last stronghold of a world 
always already slipping. the legends of buying or selling souls are always 
uncanny and always speak the truth of fable's metonymy. look to the soul 
for violence; it is incapable of redemption, incapable of entrance and 
exit; it is nothing at all but slaughter.


in the land of the presence of gods
gods descend from the mountains
of gods there are many
of mountains there are few
in the land of the presence of ghosts
the paths from the mountains
earths and wind-swept gods
gods are ghosts ghosts are gods

of ghosts there are few
ghosts are mountains mountains are ghosts

speech

ascend from the valley 
descend from the valley
the excavation or hole at the top of the valley
the mountain or protrusion at the bottom of the valley
"it is the privilege of the prophet to descend into the valley
from the mountain where truth is closest to god. the people in
the valley wait for the prophet with delight. the prophet
speaks slowly and takes his time."
on the mountain the prophet speaks with a roar and a fury
in the valley the prophet speaks with delight and a song
"sometimes the prophet is silent, speaking by way of travel.
to and from the valley with a roar and a fury, to and from
the valley with delight and a song - that is the speech of the
prophet."
we belong in the valley, the prophet proclaims from on high.
with the sign of the curve and the next curve around (at a 
furious speed with a roar), the prophet gives us his sign.
"we ascend from the valley in the chariot of prophecy, with
delight and a song, we descend from the mountain with a roar
and a fury."
"spoken to, we speak for the first time, primordial origin of 
speech."


Culture of Lies


I was listening to the Colbert Report the other night; Carl Bernstein was 
on. He answered briefly and to the point. His take on Bush and company: 
lies. His take on current politics in this country: bought.

These are corporate behaviors, or behavior-sheaves, interconnected modes 
of action. Corporations live them; lies are brought and formulated in the 
workplace as everyday matters. Ethics is compartmentalized and doesn't 
apply. Skip to Hiaasen's 60 Minutes interview and you'll find more of the 
same analysis.

I lived within this culture when I taught at Florida International a few 
years ago. I was dismissed and the tenure-track line canceled as well. I 
was told by the department head the cut-back was financial and came from 
the dean. I was told by the union representative that the cut-back came 
from the department. When I took the job I was told that there was 
suitable equipment and funds for the position. When I arrived there wasn't 
any. My partner was told that a museology line was in place. There wasn't 
any. I was told I'd be given fund-raising contacts. There weren't any. The 
department announced to the local paper that it had built a new multi- 
media classroom; it hadn't. I was told my situation was my fault; was the 
dean' fault; was the department chair's fault; was the governor's fault. 
Whatever happened there, and I don't know to this day, I behaved ethic- 
ally (but neurotically); the surrounding culture didn't.

It's easy to live according to the cover-up and the world's technologic- 
ally smarter than it was in Nixon's day. Lies are distanced through the 
media; you can believe you're behaving ethically because otherwise you're 
just speaking through a microphone. The public here buys into that; a 
recent poll for example shows that 56% of those interviewed favored 
government wire-tapping if needed. This is fundamentally against the 
principles of America, as is the notion of the collusion of religion and 
government, as well as military pre-emptive strikes. Growing up here means 
growing up through WWII, Korea, Vietnam, Libya, Nicaragua, Granada, Iraq, 
and hosts of other conflicts. We live within a militarism that has no need 
to pay attention to the local verbal conflicts here. The majority of 
Americans favor gun laws; we won't get them. The majority favors health 
care; we won't get it and we're told on one hand that seniors are given 
additional choices - at the same time the safety net is being eroded to 
nothingness. We're told we have a crisis of social security at the same 
time we're paying exponentially-increasing health-care costs and doctors 
and drug companies are getting richer. To give you again an idea from 
personal life - we live here in Brooklyn on around $18,000/year. My father 
pays my health care, or most of it. It's the rock-bottom at $6000 a year. 
There's also 'co-payments' every time I see a doctor or get medicine; 
there's a $100 deductible on drugs yearly. This is obscene; we're so far 
below the poverty level it's ridiculous, and at the same time, there's no 
safety net - yet we pay taxes to fund Halliburton and an outrageous deadly 
war in Iraq.

In an idea world, Bush Inc. would be held accountable; he won't be. The 
culture closes, forecloses, on itself. It's everyday business, just like 
Nazism was everyday business. But this is in for the long run; these 
people are self-preserving. The scandals make no difference at all; the 
truth is always seen as contestable, just as Darwin or weapons of mass 
destruction are contestable. The culture of lies depends on one hand on a 
population willing to put up with autocracy, desiring autocracy, as the 
safety net disappears; it licks its masters because there's no other game 
in town, except religion, already bought and sold and integrated. The 
culture of lies depends on the other on a verbal sophistry which is based 
on a notion of the insignificance of truth; truth is reserved for one's 
inner soul, for the Rapture, for the back-room - men are like that. The 
lie is possible because the language of finance, not personal and verbal 
language, carries the greatest weight; it's not for nothing that we have 
expressions like 'the buck stops here' and 'the bottom line.' This is also 
the reason, by the way, that American political rhetoric is so filled with 
sports talk; the game plan is to win at any cost. Sublimating truth into 
the arena of arenas backs up a culture of gambling, the killer play (not 
unlike the killer app) - a culture in which ontology has shifted from the 
oath and linguistic performativity to stock-market performance. This is 
fundamental, however trite it is (i.e. 'money talks' which just about sums 
it up); the culture of lies _is_ a culture, and needs the security and 
stability of big money for those who play, or those who hope to play, it. 
It ensures it's the only game in town.

On the farther end of the spectrum is the rest of us, lying as well for 
that matter, just as embedded. We're the embedded reporters in fact who 
bring back from Iraq what the government and military want us to hear; 
we're the 'crackers' and everyone else just getting by, moving through an 
increasingly implosive world of drought, extinctions, and information, 
leaving us behind. The superstructure has finally succeeded in taming the 
base; the base is whatever the superstructure says it is, until famine 
sets in, and then war - required as well by the superstructure. It's a 
different ball-game.

There's no end to this analysis which has been told over and over again, 
and we continue to tell it, just was empathetic magic is based on 
repetition. It's no use, except for self-comfort late at night; the 
culture of lies will bring us increasing war, violence, violation of human 
rights, and poverty - all in the name of fighting terrorism, playing on 
the internet, living the good life, betting on the Superbowl, making sure 
we have 'no child left behind,' counting on the 'village' it takes to make 
a child, waiting for the Rapture, fearing the hyperbolic hyperviolent God 
fundamentalists purvey, and buying mostly on credit, houses, cars, SUVs, 
cable television, high-definition TV, Ipods, camcorders, computers, 
Internet connections, Caribbean cruises, ecotourisms (which are not that 
'eco'), factory-'farmed' meats, hunting expeditions, fishing trips, 
visiting the natives, mega-speakers, cell phones, camera phones, 
text-messaging phones, video phones, back yard pools, swing sets, personal 
trainers, gym memberships, fashionable clothing, anti-fashionable 
clothing, guns, knives, sex-tapes, miserable health-care, processed foods, 
the latest cosmetics, unbelievably bad school systems, Bibles, church 
memberships, Wired magazine, Fortune magazine, Time magazine, Sports 
Illustrated, Reader's Digest, plastic toys, plastic toy guns, skate- 
boards, off-road vehicles (which tear up the wilderness), jet skis (which 
pollute the water), power-boats (which have wounded every single manatee 
still alive), yachts, cruise-control, lawsuits, and just about everything 
else that keeps the American public way down (and falling) on the quality- 
of-life index. This is the new world of freedom, as Absolut as it's going 
to get, and we'll do everything we can to get to the finish line.



i'm sick, this is a variation
want the characters to fly
and be attacked by tetrahedrons

that's what usually happens
when we get up off our feet
and try to do god's good sweet work

http://www.asondheim.org/runnerb.mp4

in any case, i've got a flu or 'the' flu
i can't tell which
i'm not hanging around birds but i'm run down
hope my fever drops, bandwidth goes up

hello to everyone from the other side

body and soul


The noun atman _soul_ is widely employed, in the singular (extremely 
rarely in other numbers), as reflexive pronoun of all three persons.

The noun tanu _body_ is employed in the same manner (but in all numbers) 
in the Veda.

(From Whitney's Sanskrit Grammar.)

http://www.asondheim.org/body.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/soul.mp4




or i will have gone underground
or i will have been fugitive
or azure support me in the final decades
or i will ignore my life
http://www.asondheim.org/gasp.mp3
or i will embrace you in the tombs of my desire
or i will come to you with bullets and red bandanna
or i will walk the path among the graves and cloisters
or they will take me in or they will not take me in
or dust remains of humans buildings
or remains of animals plants all living things
or unbreathing or the least message or massage
or the last missive or the last missile
or we will have gone together or the final assault
or fugitive


# 
#	#	#	#	
#	

#	# # 
# # # 
#	# #	
#	#	#	
# 

#	# # #	
#	# 
#	# #	
# 

# # # 
#	#	# #	

# # 
# #	# # 

#	# #	#	
#	#	
#	#	# #	
#	

#	# # 
#	# 
#	#	#	

#	# # 
#	#	#	#	
#	
# #	

#	#	

#	# # 
#	# 
#	#	#	

#	#	# # # 
#	#	#	#	# 

#	# 
# #	
# #	#	

#	#	

#	#	#	#	
#	# 
#	#	#	# 
#	

# #	
#	
#	#	#	# 
#	
#	# #	

#	# #	
#	
# #	# #	
# # # 
#	#	#	# 
#	
#	# #	
#	
# #	#	

#	#	# #	
#	# #	
# # # 
# # 

# 
#	#	#	#	
#	# 
# 

# # 
# # # 
# # 
#	
# #	
# 

# 
#	#	#	#	
# # # 
#	#	#	
#	

# #	# # 
#	
#	# 
#	# #	
#	#	#	

#	#	

# #	#	
# # # 
# #	
#	# # # # #	
# 

#	# # 
#	# 
# #	
# 

# 
# # # 

# #	#	#	
#	

#	# #	
#	
# # 
#	#	
# #	
# #	#	
#	
# #	#	

# # # 
#	#	# #	

# 
#	#	#	#	
#	
# # 

# #	
# # # 
#	# # 

# #	#	
# # 
#	#	
# 
#	# #	
#	#	

#	#	

#	# # 
# # # 
#	#	# 
#	# #	#	
# #	#	

#	#	# 
# #	
# #	#	
# # # 

#	#	# 
# #	
# #	# #	
# # # 
#	#	# 
# 
#	#	#	#	

#	# # 
#	#	#	#	
#	# 
# 

# #	# #	
# # # 
#	#	# 
#	# #	#	
# #	#	

#	#	

#	#	#	#	
#	# 
#	#	#	# 
#	

# #	#	
# # # 
# #	
#	

# #	#	
#	#	
#	#	# #	
#	#	# #	
#	
#	# #	
#	
# #	
# 
#	# #	#	
# #	# # 

# #	#	#	
#	#	# 
# 

#	#	

#	# # 
#	# 
#	#	#	

#	# # 
#	#	#	#	
# # # 

#	#	

#	# # 
#	# 
#	#	#	

# 
#	#	#	#	
#	
# #	

#	# 
# #	
# #	#	

#	#	#	#	
#	# 
# #	#	

#	# # # 
#	#	# 
#	#	#	
# 

#	# # #	
#	#	# 
#	# #	
# #	# #	
#	#	#	#	
#	# 
#	#	#	
#	
# #	#	

#	# 

# # #	
#	#	# 
# #	

#	# 
# #	
# #	#	

#	# 

#	# # 
# # # 
# # 
#	# 
# #	

#	#	# #	
# # # 
#	# #	

# 
#	#	#	#	
#	

#	#	#	# 
#	
#	# #	
# #	# # 

#	#	# #	
#	#	
#	# #	
#	#	#	
# 

# 
#	#	
# # 
#	

#	#	#	# #	# 
.

xxxxxA.Wx.S2RxIGNxxIGIxxRZxOxxDEPxxB=xAAAPxBBB=TT6EUE
xxxxEKA.EMx.S2RxIGNxxIGIxIxRMIxOxxDEPxxx B=xAAAPxTSBBTVTT6EUE
x xxxEKARKWAK.S2RxITNNPTxIGIxIKRMIxMTxJEDEANxxxx BBTxAAAPxTSBTS=TT6EUE
xxxxQGEKETRKEMAKExS2RxITNNPTRCIMEIxIIKENMIAAMTxJEDEANA+xxx8xxBBTxTAAAPLDT
STSTSTVTTTHEUE
PQMTOxGxRTARKWPTAxSUMENCTIGNPTAxEIGIxDFTAEMIEKOJEAGDEANECNEPXYxFCYDENUxAE
TAAPRLDENITSBTTTNSEITE
xxMNxxA.Wx.S2ENxIGNAKxIGIxxRZxOxxDEPxxxxB=xAAAANxBNIB=TT6EUE
xxOExxAExWxRKS2RxIGNWAxIGEExxRZxOxxDEEGxxxWB=xAAAWExBBB=TTDIEUE
xxxxxARKWx.S2RxIGNPTxIGIxxRMIxOxxDEANxxx B=xAAAPxBBTS=TT6EUE
xxxxxA+TWx.IE2RxIGNxxIGIAxxRZxOxxDEWExxxNI=xAAAPxBBDE=TT6EEAE


 I SLAUGHTERED HUNDREDS

 EE EEE ETEE ET EET TTE EEEE T E ETE E TEE EEEE EET TE TEE ETE E TEE EEE
 TTEETT EE TETE ET TE ETTTTE T TEEE E ETEE EE E EEET E EE T TE TTT ETT E
TETET ETT ET ETE EE EEE EEEE E ETEE ETEE TTEETT TETT TTT EET ETTTTE EEET
 E EEEE E ET ETE TEE T EEEE ET T TTEETT TEEE EET T ETEE ET TE TTE EET ET
 TTE E TEE TTT E EEE TE ETTTTE T TEE TTT ET TE TETT T EEEE EE TE TTE EET
E TTT ETE T EEEE TTT EEE E EEE TETE ETE E ET TT EE TE TTE ETT TTT TT E T
E ET TE TEE TETE EEEE EE ETEE ETE E TE EE TET EE ETEE ETEE E TEE TTEETT 
ETE EE TTE EEEE T EE TE EETE ETE TTT TE T TTT EETE TT E TTEETT EE TETE E
T TE ETTTTE T EEE ETTE E ET TET EE T TTEETT TT TETT TT TTT EET T EEEE ET
TTTE EEE EEE T EET EETE EETE E TEE EET ETTE EEETET

 IEIENEAEATNEIETEAEENEIIEATENEAEENEIEMIMEENNETNEMMETNIEENEIEEITEITTEMTAT
AAAEMETAEIEIEIEEAIENEMIMTATMTITAMNEITEIIEETAENETIIETTMIMTIEITTAIETNTNEAE
TMEENEMTEIENEMMETNEMTATENMTEIEITEMEIN MTAETIITMEIEEITAEAEEATTITEMEATMTME
TEA NTITAEIIEEAIENETEITAEEAIENEENEMIMENEEMEIITEENEAEAEMTNTTMEAEMETNATITA
EATEAMNTEIEMEEATAEETMIMTTNMTTMTITTIIEMMEIEIETITINEAEENEITANEINT

 ISAIAUMEESTEENETISEEANDAEENEEIGWINNANWGTDEEAIIEEUEITTETMW RKATETENISIIE
EDAIGWNMOITEONSTEESEARNETIIATTDMDEEATEDANMEEAAGEDMTEIETEEONTTIOANNMTESIN
MEER OAETIIOIEEIETRAEEAMINMEEMOMENANDNNSEEEEDAEENINTEEEDAIETIGWAEEEGIITE
ETEERAETMNTTMUETTEMUTEETRAN WGTSANEETTAITTDMMKTTTTMUTSEEONSIETITERINETIU
ANSK

 IEIEDAEATNESTERENEIIEATENEAEEDSZMEENNETNWGTNIEREIEEUEITTEMTATxAEMETAEIS
SEELREMxKTMTITAxSTEIIEARDTIIETTZMTSUTAIETNGUAGENEMTESNExETDOATENMTSEINGF
 ORTIITMEIESKEAEEATTINGWOMENANTITRHILRETEIKILREEDZMENEEGHTEENUEAEMTNTTME
RMEGWITRATEJNTSWEEATAEETZMTTNMTTMTITTHWGSSTITINERENEITANEFT

 IIEREAUTNIITERENESEUNTIAEETIIExTICANJNTBEREIESTEEETTEOW+TWAENISHEREREGW
TWTMITWGEUESEEETRDTSEATGWTSEATLANGUETGEDOESNAxTDOANYTIIINTNINOENTHOEIEST
RENEAMITEGWOTTETEANNEKESEILRENEEKIEDEDEDxTRIGESTITEUERONTOERTTETxITRETN1
ETEIANEANTITGWTTKTMOEATH1ESEITUEREREDUEGEx

 ISLAUGESTEREDHEANDAEENES,INNANWGTBELIEEUEITTEOW.WETRISHELL,YOITJNSTEHEA
RNETIIATZMDEUTLANGEAAGEDMTEIENE9TDOANNMTESINMEF OAETIIOSESTRAEEAMINMEWOM
ENANDCHEELRENIKEELLED,REEGIITEENERAEONTTMUEMExTITRAN'TSPEATAITZMMYTTOUTH
E9SIETITFFEDUANSK

 ISLAUMEHTEREDHITNNEREDIE,ICAN'TBELIEIAEITNTMW.WARISSEEREL,YMTUE9EUEHEAA
EDTHETTGWDEUTLETNMEUETGETIOESTE1ETDOANKTTSEINGINORTHOIEESCENEAMINGWOMETE
ANDCIIIEDRENEEKEELLEDGWRIGSETINFRMTNTOUEME,ICAN'TSEGEETKEETGWMYMOITTSE1E
SSTUFINENEUEGSK

 ISEDAEAGESTERENEHEANNEREDS,EECETNWGTNIEREIEEUEITNMTW.EMAAEISHELRE,YMTUA
xSTEHEARDTIIAT,TSUTLETNGUAGENEOESNE9TDOANNMTSEINGF ORTHTMSESKEREAMINGWOM
ENANDTRHILRETEIKILLEDZMREEGHTINFAEONTOERME,ICAN'TSWEEATAIT,TTYTTOITTH'SS
TUINFEDITPEx

 ISAIAUGHTEREDSEUNDREDS,ICAN'TBELIEVEITNTMW.ATARISIIELLGWYOUE9STEHEARNET
HATZMBEATLANMEUAGEDOEIENJNTDOANYTESINGF ORTHOSEIECAEEAMINMEWOMENANDNNHEE
LAEENIKIEDLEDGWREEGHTINERRTMNTTMFTTExTICAN'TSPEAKITZMMKTMOUTSE'SSTUFFETI
UAN

 ISREAUTNHTERENEHUNDAEEDIE,ICAN'TBEREIESTEITTEOW.WARISHELRE,TWOIT'EUEHEE
TRDTHAT,TSUTLANGUETGEDOESN'TDOANYTHINGINORTHOEIESTRREAMITEGWOMETEANDKEHI
LRENIKILEDED,RIGHTINUERONTOERMETxITRAN'TEIPEAKIT,TTYMOUTH1ESSTUFEREDUPEx

 ISLAUGHTEENEDIIUNTIRENES,ITRANE9TDEELIEVEEETNOW.WARIEIHEEDLMxYTMUJNVEHE
ARDTHATTxBUTLANGEAAGEDTMESN'TTIOATEYTIIINMEFORTESOSESCREATTINGWOMENANDCH
IAIRENIKILLED,RIGHTINFRONTOFME,ICAN'TIEPEAKITTxMNMMOEATHE9SSTEAFUEEDUPxT

 ISLAUGESTEREDHEANDAEEDS,INNANWGTBELIEEUEITTEOW.WETRISHELL,YOIT'STEHEARD
TIIATZMBUTLANGUAGEDMTESNE9TDOANNMTHINGF ORTIIOSESCAEEAMINGWOMENANDCHILRE
NIKILLED,REEGHTEENFAEONTTMFME,ITRAN'TSPEATAITZMMYTTOUTH'SSTITFFEDUAN

 ISLETUGSETERETIHUTEDRETIS,IKEAN1ETBEAIIEVEITNOW.WARISESELAI,KTOUWGVEHEA
ENDTHAT,BUTAIANGUAGEDOESNWGTDOANYTHINTNFORTSEOSEEICREAMINGWOTTENANDCESIL
ENENINTILREEDxTRIGHTINFRONTOFMEGWICETN'TSPEAKIT,MYMMTUTH'SSTUFFEDUP

 ISLAUGHTEREDHUNNEREDIE,ICAN'TBELIEVEITNOW.WARISSEELL,YMTU'EUEHEAAEDTHET
T,DEUTLETNGUETGEDOESN1ETDOANYTSEINGINORTHOSESCREAMINGWOMETEANDCIIILRENIK
EELLED,RIGHTINFRMTNTOUEME,ICAN'TSEGEAKEET,MYMOITTH1ESSTUFFENEUPSK

 ISLAUGHTEREDSEUNDAEEDS,ICAN'TBELIEVEITTEOW.WAENISHELLGWYOIT'VEHEARDTHAT
,BEATLANGUAGEDOESN'TDOANYTHINGFORTHOSESTRREAMINGWOMENANDCSEILRENIKIEDLED
,RIGHTITEFRONTOFTTE,ITRAN'TSANEAKIT,MKTMOUTH'SSTUERFEDUP

 ISLAEAGHTEREDHEANDREDS,ICETN'TNIELIEEUEITNMTW.WAAEISHELL,YOUAxVEHEARDTH
AT,BUTLANGUAGEDOESN'TDOANNMTHINGFORTHTMSESKEREAMINGWOMENANDCHILRETEIKILL
EDZMRIGHTINFRONTOFME,ICAN'TSWEEAKIT,MYTTOUTH'SSTUINFEDITP

 ISLAITGHTEAEEDHUNDREDS,ICAN'TBELIEVEITNOAT.WARISHEAIL,NMOU'VEHEARTITHAT
MxBUTEDANGUAGEDOEEIN'TNEOANYTHINGFORTHMTSESCREAMINGWOMENANDCHILRENIKILAI
ED,ENIGHTINFRONTOFMEMxICATE'TSPEAKITMxMYMTMUTHWGSSTUUEFEDUP

 ISLAUGHTEREDHUNDREDS,ICAN'TBELIEVEITNOW.WARISHELL,YOU'STEHEARNETHATZMBU
TLANGUAGEDOEIEN'TDOANYTESINGF ORTHOSESCAEEAMINMEWOMENANDCHEELRENIKILLED,
REEGHTINERRONTTMFMExTICAN'TSPEAKITZMMYMOUTH'SSTUFFEDUAN





void


exercise in depicting the void
from an astronomical image
situated somewhere in orion

where it is told*
if one drops a pebble
it doesn't fall but remains
there,** that's all - remains
in the middle of the image

http://www.asondheim.org/void1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/void2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/void3.jpg

*legend
**however, lost



Night for Day

tap2 is 'Night for Day' stars two characters in bittersweet memory dreams as 
they wander through industrial landscape only to emerge bittersweet in doomed 
lagoon

longhost2 must be played with 'Night for Day' it is the sound track of their 
doomed ghosts in bittersweet memories of nights and nights for days.

longninetheta must be played with 'Night for Day' it is the neural waves
freed from day and night, bittersweet and industrial please note not for
listeners subject to seizure

longninetheta to be played on occasion longhost2 to be played eternal

http://www.asondheim.org/longninetheta.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/longhost2.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/tap2.mp4

download loop both against the other
download play against the loop
this is _dance_ on deadly earth
you will contradict me not for long






Listening to the Power Grid


A 100' external long-wire antenna is connected to a VLF-3 receiver 
grounded in the building. The receiver output is recorded on a Sony
minidisk. The final result is filtered until patterns are readily
discerned. The jpg below is from SpectrumLab of the raw material.
Frequency shifts show a moire-pattern in time.

http://www.asondheim.org/gridnoise1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/gridnoise2.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/pwrgrid2am.jpg





long-wire recording experiments with signal processing

fieldphone8 as newly received transmission

http://www.asondheim.org/lw6.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/fieldphone8.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/lw1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/lwradio1.mp3

representative samples of relatively small size our enclosed

I wish to point your attention to the musicality of lw6, the
shuddering of fieldphone8, the universal sky-murmur of lw1,
the untuned schizophrenia of lwradio1

U-shaped long-wire antenna, around 100 feet.

note: the aesthetics and philosophical concerns, in relation to body, 
audio spectrum, aurality, sexuality, and digital and analog phenomenology,
are clear. an exciting thesis may be created in relation to these concerns 
but would this be anything other than an academic exercise in theorizing? 
I give you instead the raw material from which stars and theories are 
formed. you may do something with the second, not much with the first. in 
any case it is out of my hands, and into yours.


_


Sound Images

Spectrum Lab images from the soundworks earlier.
The "pillar" images are from the EE8 field telephone bell.
The others are long-wire sounds

http://www.asondheim.org/thin1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin4.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin5.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin6.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin7.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin8.jpg

_


   ... forms and spaces


   ... true, the physical act of drawing or painting chinese
   ... characters embraces modalities of space, time and
   ... movement for kwong-gordon, the fluid and intuitive ...
   ... space-time code designs were either crafted by hand or found
   ... while other imaging modalities provide high
   ... resolution localization of brain ...
   ... true proposed as complementary modalities to x-ray.
   ... mammography the underlying principle of microwave ...
   ... imaging via space-time (mist) beamforming for breast ...
   ... modalities of healing are energy or love, and come not from the
   ... reality there is no separate space and time, only a
   ... single unity called spacetime. ...
   ... highly recommend the hand gesture as one of their interaction
   ... modalities recognition of space-time
   ... handgestures using hidden markov model. ...
   ... ai that operates on pure logic - no sensory
   ... modalities, a curved trajectory
   ... exists only in spacetime; in any given frame, ...
   ... true a space-time theory of pitch and timbre based on
   ... picture of the external world that is in
   ... register across the sensory modalities and the ...
   ... space-time theory of pitch and timbre based on ...
   ... picture of the external world that is in register
   ... across the sensory modalities and the ...
   ... true monitoring a region in a variety of sensing
   ... modalities (acoustic, seismic, sensor field
   ... decomposed into space-time cells to enable distributed signal
   ... true modalities (space, time, operating. subjects).
   ... time-space analysis of temporal. compatibility. knowledge
   ... objectives, activities and tools modalities of space-time


origin of dance

it was very hard to see enemy. enemy lived in caves. enemy has always 
lived in caves. first enemy destroyed lions and sloths and tigers. then 
enemy destroyed mammoths and mastodons and great auks. now enemy destroys 
enemy. now enemy destroys us. we say 'yes yes yes.' this is origin of 
song. enemy titillates us with brilliance and amazing sleazy sex-life.  
enemy ties us up willingly. then enemy buries us in caves. we did not 
expect that burying. enemy uses only sticks or rocks for messages. enemy 
uses only messaging voices and reminding paper scraps. enemy whispers 
'take heed take heed.' we are twisted by beauty of enemy world. we step 
over bodies of cave bears, cave wolves, sabre-toothed tigers, dodos, 
carolina parakeets. cave reeks of them. their stick bones stick in us. 
enemy lances our cunts with mastodons. enemy lances our pricks with 
mammoths. this is 'jumping-about.' this 'jumping-about' is origin of 
dance. 



genlauf

Most usually you do not write me, and for those of you who are unreading, 
those of you I do not know But you are on the same wires and in the same 
habitus nonetheless, otherwise separated since the beginning of communi- 
cation among us. Always the telephone appears the last resort, only a 
century and more old, but the grain of the voice, the guarantee of 
presence however distanced. From here in Geneva, international city of UNO 
and communications, Alabama room of the Geneva Convention, I wander from 
place to place, searching for connectivity fix, tenuous, fragile, precious 
in the sense of vector thrown into uncanny space. The unbelievably small 
space of the city, perhaps a kilometer or two, is sufficient for meander 
from sleeping space to rehearsal space, that most intense communication of 
bodies in largesse prescenced within one another, the room with the scent 
of movement, emotional tensors. Like you perhaps we held our breath, 
almost in tears, as the Chinese pair skated to second place after a fall 
that would be devastating to any dancer, and is always present, the 
potential for a living career ended in one inadvertency. I search for your 
presence among the bodies here, the lived wires, the plugs peculiar to 
Switzerland for the most part, the coursing of electrical current, Romania 
and Croatia and Bulgaria loud on the short-wave. The waters from the Jet 
d'Eau course through our veins as we imagine skate-boarding perhaps 130 
meters up in a swirl of water that would break a finger faster than a 
match-stick, close down the throat, explode the body across the lake. As 
far as we can tell, no one has done this, although all our lives we're 
picking up the pieces.



From Art. 14., "The Monthly Review for August, 1759" 


John Yeomans' _The Abecedarian, or Philofophic Comment upon the Englifh 
Alphabet. Setting forth the Abfurdities in the prefent Cuftom of Spelling, 
the Superfluity of Letters in Words, and the great Confusion that their 
ill Names, and double Meanings are of to all Learnings. With modeft 
Propofals for a Reformation of the Alphabet, adapting fpecial Characters 
for that Purpofe, at being the only Means practicable whereby to render 
the fame distinft, uniform, and univerfal. Alfo, a Word to the Reader, 
fhewing the Indignity of Ill Habits in Lecturers pointing out to them the 
Beauties and Excellency of graceful and fine Reading. Likewife a 
Syllableium, or Univerfal Reading Table, for Beginners, calculated after 
the prefent Ufe for the Way of all Schools throughout the kingdom. 
Together with a Difcourfe on the Word, or A-Tau, tetragrammatical, 
preceding thofe Tables._

[...]

"Words are not, as some gross ears interpret, only a grinding or chafeing 
of found of types and letters, ftriking the outer ear by the operation of 
the breat or fpirit; but they are very man or mono, principle, and very 
felf, everlafting, of infinite, dread-united meaning, the exprefs 
difpofition of his nature in the heart, and not in the inked or graven 
fign. They are fpirit, and they are life; they are death, and they are 
deftruction; and their types are purely banners to avocate and fummon the 
mind back to itfelf, when ftolen or ftrayed away, and to regulate the 
fenfes in wifdom, truth, and holinefs. The word is very God and very 
Devil, good and evil, virtue and vice; and letters are as fhadows to 
reflect the life. Herewith blefs we God, and therewith curfe we men, who 
are formed after the fimilitude of God. _In the beginning was the word, 
and the word was with God, and the word was God,_ &c. We have only ufe for 
letters now to help and comfort us in this mortal ftate; for in the 
immortal, every good man fhall be able to will at will, felf-quicken, 
felf-move, and alfo felf-comfort; always pure, always in order; at once 
hearing the most pleasant and fweetest love-chord harmony; tafting without 
fufeit ambrofia, and the all that is good, and delicious. Sufceptible of 
inbred divinity! fmelling the moft fenfible perfumes; knowing all things, 
intuitive of all things, and all in all with God himfelf. The plain 
fignification of _word, verd,_ or _green,_ or _verb,_ is perennial or 
durablenefs; being of _virtue_ or _worth-ue,_ or _werthe,_ of the family 
of _vir's_ and _viri's,_ man's name or the NAM; and nothing but what is 
virgin virtuous can be manly, or is worthy of that venerable and divine 
appellation; but differently, is vicious, unnatural, unworthy, ungodly. 
None, for this caufe, fhould open their lips unwordily; forafmuch as the 
very word itfelf is _werthy_ or _werde._ And the holy fcripture faith 
exactly to this effect: _Let all who name the name of Chrift depart from 
iniquity._ Neverthelefs, fhould there be no found heard at all from the 
lips, or corporeal tongue, or man's own felf be apprehenfive by letters, 
yet in fecret whifperings the heart pronounces, and the will and fpirit do 
utter within, amazing languages."

Amazing languages, indeed! What a will or fpirit that muft be which 
dictated fuch to our author!

The reader will, doubtlefs, by this time, think we have difplayed very 
fufpicious marks of our author's being _non compos_; and therefore very 
incapable to draw up the beft plan, that _ever was, or ever can be 
projected,_ for the improvement and eftablifhment of the Englifh language. 
According to his own requeft, therefore, and on his own terms, we confign 
_him, and his proposals, to be cancelled, and his name and honour to be 
buried in the duft._






Four Dances: Screen, Bait, Abu Gharayb, Electric


1. Screen

Projected video with dancers before the image - as if it's a multi-media 
performance, dancers 'inserted' into on-screen narrative - but they're out 
of sync, they don't match up - the narrative falls apart, it's a mess - 
they stumble on-screen as well - it's amateurish, a poor attempt - it's 
trying to compete with the big multi-media companies - reaching beyond 
what the company can do - the dancers are angry - they're really angry - 
they're in front of an audience in a production which is falling apart - 
they didn't sign contracts for this - one of them walks off - there's a 
gap in what's left of the narrative - this continues until the projection 
comes to an end -

The video is poor, hand-held, amateurish, shaky - with some of the same 
dancers - they speak a bad pointless dialog - along the lines of

"Where's Dmitri?"
"I don't know. The Revolution is about to begin."
"I love you, Martya." "I love you too Johannes."
"But we can't wait forever." 
"No, we can't wait forever. They're looking for us all over the city."
"Are you sure they're looking?"
"No, I'm not sure. But then... I'm not sure of anything anymore..."
"That is why I love you, Martya." [...]

There is some action - anxious walking about the city - nervous, they look 
behind them, they're watching - they think they're being watched. And yes, 
they dance all of this, on-screen, off-screen. The live dancers may speak, 
try to make sense of the dialog; they can't. The live dancers may be the 
same as the on-screen characters; it would be best, however, to split the 
company - half on, half off, as if they're trying to come together across 
an impossible ontology.

Bad film music from the screen, 'programmatic.' The live dancers simply 
don't understand.


2. Bait

Either projected video or live - a nude man and woman masturbate stage 
left; they are nude, exposed; the dance ends when they cum. They observe 
two dancers -

Either dressed or nude - ballet positions, lifts, contacts, splits (facing 
audience and masturbating couple) - the dancers sexually aroused - if nude
(preferable)

Masturbating constantly during their movements (the man clearly erect, the 
woman with her hand increasingly wet, the audience close enough to smell 
the scent of sex) - if at all possible they cum simultaneously with the 
masturbating couple.

Swan Lake or some such music.


3. Abu Gharayb

Dancers act out positions of prisoners in Abu Gharayb photographs. Lyndie 
England is played by a prima ballerina, her fiancee by the lead male. The 
dance should move from position to position. At first it appears opportun- 
istic; it becomes increasingly uncomfortable to watch, as if England and 
her fiancee were becoming too involved in the violence. Faked blood, 
bruising, should be used, as well as leather masks, ropes, etc. .

In other words, a series of iconographic figures. The lead dancers try 
their best to behave as beginners - in dance, in torture. The rest of the 
company is appears reactive; they're uncomfortable in their roles (often 
nude) - broken, scraped. The audience wants more; the audience wants none 
of it.

The prisoners are arranged by the lead dancers. They resist weakly at 
best. The lead dancers appear simultaneously American and Imperial (i.e. 
of any emblematic power). The prisoners appear as Other, signed as Other; 
nude, they are the same. The prisoners have nothing. (Perhaps, but only 
perhaps, the lead dancers carry Bibles. Or there are Bibles at hand. Or 
there is a cross at hand. Or a crown of thorns.)


4. Electric

The dance-floor is covered with wire - grids, meshes, barriers. This acts 
as an antenna for VLF (very low frequency) radio. The antenna is fed 
through heavy notch filters cutting back on the local (60hz, 50hz) power 
grid; it leads to a NASA VLF-3 radio whose output is fed back into the 
space vis-a-vis loudspeakers. For one to five dancers. Dancers should be 
nude or with little clothing; they interact with each other, with the 
wires. Actions include sliding fingers and palms along the wires, wrapping 
the body (limbs, neck, penis and breasts if nude, fingers, waist), moving 
in and out of contact with other dancers. Performers should try to 
maximize sound production as inductance, etc. change. Stage lighting is 
sinusoidal, i.e. lights slowly increasing to maximum, then decreasing to 
darkness, and back again. At first this appears as 'effect,' but it soon 
establishes the rhythm of the dance.

The dancers 'worry about' the wires, about dancing among the wires, 
between the wires, on them. This may not have been in the contract. (The 
contract might have specified, however, 'any and all.')

The dancers behave as ionizations, lightnings, atmospherics, insects, dead 
and live wires, environments. Tech runs a sound-board with effects, 
including the possibility of sending the sound through AudioMulch or other 
similar programs. The dancers establish and contradict their own rhythms. 
The sounds screech and roar.

==

The dances reference projections, introjections - screens, bodies, poli- 
tics, physical fields. Elements from one - for example Bait - may be mixed 
with others - for example Electric. Screen and Abu Gharayb are resonant; 
Abu Gharayb and Bait are resonant.

The dancers are reeling, on edge, nervous, difficult, a problem, their 
desires constrained by spectacle. The dancers are on exhibit, behavioral 
codes thwarted or broken. If a dancer feels comfortable, he or she should 
push the dance further.

There are many kinds of ecstasy, violence. Ecstasy and violence, beauty, 
sexuality, and horror, interpenetrate. For the dancers, everything is at 
risk.

After the dances, the dancers should be hurried off the stage.

==

Back-stage, a room of rest, meditation, place of transformation from 
politics 'and all the rest' to everyday life. This space is inviolate. 
Dancers (perhaps) may use the room during a performance for recuperation. 
Perhaps the stage is emptied.

Video is always an emergency. The dancers emerge into (their) (other) 
skins.

Every piece may end early. A program may consist of one to four pieces. 
The specific choreography, if there is such, is created by the head of the 
company, in line with the intentions of the dance.

For Abu Gharayb, the lead dancers should be dressed in uniforms identified 
with empire and dictatorial power. For Electric, nude dancers may have 
lightning bolts drawn on their skin - drawn as children would draw; the 
bolts would blur with sweat. For Screen, the dancers (perhaps) should have 
specific character costumes; they are 'in character' - their character is 
taken away from them (by mismatched blocking, pacing, clumsiness). The 
dancers in Bait, if nude and masturbating, should dance perfectly, 
(perhaps) facing the audience as much as possible, as if - Look, this is 
what I can do in this doubling of art and arousal (as if there is a 
difference). As if - I am aroused by the audience (by you) (in the line of 
sight). For Abu Gharayb, the dancers form a closed circuit; for Electric, 
an open one. For Bait, a circuit in the form of a lasso; for Screen, a 
demonstration to the audience, acting-out for the audience.

Finally the length of the performance(s) should be predetermined only as a 
maximum, the rest decided by the exigencies of the choreography and the 
ability of the dancers to continue performing in these abject or particu- 
lated circumstances.



Host


[Entering is: Alan is a newbie needing a desc.]

Room: world

Everyone arrives in the room. A storm rages.

You are all alone here.

Access is fixed to PUBLIC and there are 0 messages on the board.

[Entering is: Nikuko is a newbie needing a desc.]
Nikuko says: Hello Alan!
You may call me Jennifer. I am wandering here in this world.
You say: You may call me Jennifer. I am wandering here in this world.
Nikuko says: There are no descriptions in this world. 
To describe is to be human. To describe is to give meaning to a
discontinuous continuum.
You say: To describe is to be human. To describe is to give meaning 
to a discontinuous continuum.
Nikuko says: I'm in the midst of loss. In mourning for my country. 
Presage of collapse and empire. Ragged surfaces no longer whole.
Stumble, stumble, leave no 
thing unturned, untoward. 
You say: Stumble, stumble, leave nothing unturned, untoward. 
We are utterly flat.
You say: We are utterly flat.
We are inconceivably flat.
You say: We are inconceivably flat.
Nikuko says: Thin like a knife cutting through the knot of argument. 
Against a sky evenly illuminated, always the same, our words change 
nothing.
Words are given speech, perhaps you were not aware. Of the words and
sounds and murmurs surrounding you.
You say: Words are given speech, perhaps you were not aware. 
Of the sounds and murmurs surrnding you.
Nikuko says: I cry for the moment of disconnect. I don't want to leave 
this space. MOTHER, MOTHER!

;a sound
Alan a sound
Nikuko a sound

Nikuko says: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Nikuko says: Space fills with presence, unnamed space.

Space is never named.
You say: Space is never named.

;desires all bodies 
murmurs in all spaces.

Alan desires all bodies murmurs in all spaces.
Nikuko desires and desires...
Nikuko says: JENNIFER!
JENNIFER!
You say: JENNIFER!

.rev
*** Room conversation buffer ***
Alan says: Stumble, stumble, leave nothing unturned, untoward. 
Alan says: We are utterly flat.
Alan says: We are inconceivably flat.
Nikuko says: Thin like a knife cutting through the knot of arguments. 
Against a sky evenly illuminated, always the same, 
our words change nothing.
Alan says: Words are given speech, perhaps you were not aware. 
Of the sounds and murmurs surrnding you.
Nikuko says: I cry for the moment of disconnect. I don't want to leave 
this space. MOTHER, Mother!
Alan a sound
Nikuko a sound
Nikuko says: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Nikuko says: Space fills with presence, unnamed space.
Alan says: Space is never named.
Alan desires all bodies and murmurs in all spaces.
Nikuko desires and desires...
Nikuko says: JENNIFER!
Alan says: JENNIFER!
*** End ***
On Wednesday, 1st March, for a total of 0 hours and 8 minutes.
Connection closed by foreign host.


the company

the company in action with the master-camera
the memory of a dancer is in hir muscles
the body is a muscle
the brain is a body
the brain is not a muscle
the body of the dancer is eternal
long live eternal bodies
eternal bodies are digital
digital bodies can never be destroyed
digital bodies live forever and i don't mean on television
i don't mean on computers either
the company is the company of digital bodies
vulnerability is a trick
my name is damaged life



The Hurtling Towards Death


O Dance apostrophic, embrace death, the body fails and falters, expends 
what remains of its energetic treasure. Forestalled by documentation's 
impoverishment, your slightest gesture remains unfulfilled, latent, lax, 
amidst the machinery of calculation, rigid ordination of numbers. 

Translation of Dance, the capturing of death, its swallowing by ordinal- 
ordination, the descent to the floor or basement of the binary, what is 
analogic reproduced by raster tending towards the infinitely fine. What
is missing -

What is missing are two wildly disparate orders of calculation, of 
mobility itself, orders which only approximate one another through techne 
and speech, code and partition. One order, that of the calculated, the 
production of parallel numerical streams representing movement and the 
muscle-mind of the Dancer (who is technically _the Danced,_ the one who 
_is Danced_ by the Dance), and the other, the frequency-laden irreducible 
neural spill of mental activity, electrical, emission and spew. 

For the mind-breath, O Dance! is reproducible only by itself, maps only 
onto itself as itself, inasmuch as the ordinal-ordination-ordinateur of 
the Dance reads and writes you as input/output, perhaps infinitely 
parallel streams, nonetheless perhaps not even clocked, nonetheless, 
across that gulf of into- or onto- mappings, or rather mappings with 
continuously-modifying metrics, nano-second by nano-second, there's no end 
to it, no beginning.

O Dance! you're nothing more than the ordinary-ordination body moving 
through space, the body of itself, at rest in and of itself, the blessing 
of the incontrovertible complexity of the world, its inhering. Any 
reduction quietly speaks and conjures the factory, automaton, robotics of 
precision and repetition. O Dance! We're not speaking of life-force, we're 
murmuring the litany of the infinitely-small, surrounded by shells and 
carapaces of computers-ordinators, maternal-paternal projection against 
the pulled muscle, the sprain, the torn ligament, the bruise. And O Dance! 
We would make of you an entire world, cosmos-Dance, ocean-Dance, particle- 
Dance, what would we do with that?

Impossible of representation, humans never give up trying, violating voice 
and mind, ordinal representation (and who said nothing about the nuggets 
of the cardinal?), the numerical cut, the definition. Jump to edit-points, 
application of points, applique. An imposing edifice! Numerical-numb, the 
prisoner of flesh, the Dancer-manque-Danseuese -

Technology of stage and lights, phenomenologies of distribution - O Dance, 
dream aloud! Dream quietly!




Millennium performance text 3/18/06

pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the world.
pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the world.i 
onlyhave a limited amount of material here, I'll have to repeat myself, 
apologies because this doesn't happen in the real world. there are two 
united states airplanes pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are 
fastened to the world ad there are many ways that the world speaks to us 
through vibrations of buildings or radiations in isolated places where we 
can listen without or outside the power grid the world manifesting itself 
through the body of dance. through the upwelling of inconceivable matter. 
through manifest electromagnetic waves surrounding us. through eventhis 
mouse and this mousepad and antenna connected, irradiating, fulfilling dna 
with subterfuge with the possibility of decay, decadence, pronouncements, 
but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the world my life is taken up 
with power grid in precise increments of 60 or fifty cycles per 2nd. 
*/probe 1 of the doctor/* I'm from this moment on, using up all my 
material < -- > interacting with the and at the same time, the presence of 
the doctor or antenna, the splitting of the body, the memory of some 
things you might have come across before, or sometimes entirely new, the 
revelation of the antenna coupling the dancer to the earth/ground of the 
material powergrid substratum of the grutli room rehearsal space in 
geneva. foofwa was bleeding after this. next time we are moving the piece 
to the alps. anything in the environment that conducts
body < 