
_arc.hive_ mailing list
arc.hive@anart.no
http://sympa.anart.no/sympa/info/arc.hive


branch and ruler

when the branch and the ruler meet and demarcate each other, it is the 
branch which has created the ruler, and the ruler which has measured the 
branch; every tool has ancestry; we are near the beginning, near the clout 
on the head, the massacre, the cannibalism, the torture by fire, the death 
by drowning, the skinning-alive, the gouging of the eyes, twisting the 
testicles, desecrating the womb; we are in the primordial when the sign is 
read wrong, when the sign is a sign, when a branch is after all just a 
branch, when a ruler is a shadow of the future anterior, when nothing is 
read but as-if everything is read, as if everything were readable, as if 
gods created things, readings, writings, bodies, slaves, corpses, the 
raped, the robbed, the wounded, the slaughtered, the megafaunal extinc- 
tions, our pride and our joy, our little baby girl or little baby boy, one 
flesh is tasted, there's no stopping




Dissemination of analogic array, 


To Muse, To ponder, to think close, to study in silence, on reading Samuel 
Johnson's Dictionary 1785-1799 edition

Thing: 1. Whatever is; not a person. A general word. 2. It is used in 
contempt. 3. It is used of persons in contempt, or sometimes with pity. 
4. It is used by Shakespeare one in a sense of honour. 

First, that words are pulled into existence by their extensions, as if 
these are chreodic formations (see Waddington).

Surface, Superficies; outside; superfice. It is accented by Milton on the 
last syllable.

My mastery is masterdom; I'm a master-hand who pulls a master-jest; I have 
the master-key to the curing of sprains and injuries to the master-sinew;
I play on the master-string with a master-stroke; I am masterless but have 
masterliness; I am most masterly, a true masterpiece of mastership; my 
master-teeth do not touch masterwort; ah for good kind master! Mordacious, 
mordacity, mordicant, mordication. Nonjuring, belonging to those who will 
not swear. 

Or bodiless:

  They bodiless and immaterial are,
 and can be only lodg'd within our minds
-Davies

Virtual, Having the efficacy without the sensible or material part.

Cachectical, cachectice, cachexy, cachinnation, neither a cackle nor a 
cackler.

Pulled into existence, surrounded, modified: one might apply Kant's cate- 
gories here, spatial and temporal extensions, actions and reactions, away-
from and towards. In Kant's Thoughts on the True Estimation of Living 
Forces, there are bodies which need not be contiguous with any other; 
these are split, signifiers of other worlds, unsensed and senseless here. 
This is the opposite of these additional modifications that extend words, 
one into another; it is language and its interconnectedness that allows me 
to live, saves me from suicidal depression and insanity. All words lead to 
world.

You see, Kant says "...it is quite possible that a thing actually exists 
and yet is nowhere present in the world." But it is I, myself, which is 
absent, absenting; and as such, I tend towards chaos, opening every 
unrelated space or avatar.

Second, the feel and weight of the paper; every page carries a visible 
history which has no origin but an emission in reverse.

Emission in reverse: the scar of the page or face or body tends towards 
unknown events, sets of them; surely a scissors leaves no stain and ink 
does not cut. There are clues, but even in enlightenment, everything is 
lost; Volney's Ruins stay that way.

Third, the lack of page numbers; one is guided solely by word order (and 
as if the volumes have an indefinite number of pages).

Page markings at random:

MAG MAG MAG
1

MER MER MER
        Q2

MUC MUC MUC
    4*

MUC MUD MUD
Vol. II.  Y

PEC PED PED
        P
         P

Demarcations for binding and signatures, perhaps, these appear as those 
Talmudic letters and signs which are extra-linguistic, which draw 
attention outside the book, elsewhere.

Fourth, the three columns with three letter page headings as in MIM MIN 
MIN or ORD ORD ORD; these are loosely tethered to their word-lists.

The totality of columns headed by PLA:

PIT PIV
PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA 
PLA PLA PLA
PLE

In the midst of PLA, language shuttles horizontally across the tops of 
pages; these notations are redundant, call for perusing. In terms of 
paging, one never knows where one is; like the Japanese system of street 
addressing, one proceeds by landmarks. It's top-down; PLA could be 
anything, and the shuffling necessary to find a word occurs on a different 
level.

Fifth, the latinate quality of the whole, romance languages in particular, 
lending themselves to fields of words and worlds creation.

See First above. These worlds are interlocked, matriculated, matrixed, 
maternal; see Eighth below. The soft sounds of Latin map words through the 
skeins of prefixes, suffixes, roots (such as they are). Think of languag- 
ing in relation to the Appian Way, trade-routes in general. 

When roots = routes, the nomadic portends the emission of the primordial. 
Nothing is settled except for the cupped land, rumors of strangers, wars, 
pestilence, riches, elsewhere. King or queen-dom = king or queen-dome; the 
horizon rises, what is one, is one.

Zootomy, Dissection of the bodies of beasts.

Sixth, the pleasure of the text and worlds; Johnson is famously partial - 
see definitions of "oats" or "puritan."

Johnson's I appears; Johnson's eye regards. The corpus is the measure of 
the man; in this sense the dictionary is parole, not langue. Thus and 
against enlightenment, no absolutes, no absolute positions; the apparent 
exactitude of the Britannica on one hand, and Euclid's axiomatization on 
the other, seem not only far off, but foreign.

Axiom - 1. A proposition evident at first sight, that cannot be made 
plainer by demonstration. 2. An established principle to be granted 
without new proof.

One sees the "axiomizer" at work here - sight in the first part, and 
granting in the second. Axioms are contracted, tethered, but barely. And 
Johnson's work is far cry from this.

Seventh, the careful rationalism of the text, accompanied by a relative 
elimination of the abject; "shit" is not present, but "urine" is, and 
"whore" and "pimp" are present but "fuck" isn't. 

Now I would not say "rationalism" but "embodiment," a word not found in 
Johnson. The text is civil, civilization. 

Colony: 1. A body of people drawn from the mother country to inhabit some 
distant place. 2. The country planted; a plantation.

To Colonize: To plant with inhabitants; to settle with new planters; to 
plant with colonies.

And as with civility, colonies are associated with planting, agriculture, 
not supplanting or replacing; colonies are exploration's seed and the seed 
for further exploration. Perhaps violence is muted in these definitions; 
perhaps it was considered peripheral.

Eighth, the maternality of the volumes, occupying a relatively wide field 
of vision, the world safely inscribed, references to Pope, Donne, Swift, 
Shakespeare and company.

Lancination, Tearing, laceration. Lampron, A kind of sea fish. Zarnich, 
Zarnich is a substance in which opriment is found; it approaches to the 
nature of opriment, but without its lustre and foliated texture. The 
common kinds of zarnich are green and yellow.

Yes, the maternality, seeding, blossoming, diffusion, fluid mechanics, 
seeding, bringing-forth, melding (the letters "I" and "J" are combined 
under "I"; "U" and "V" are combined under "V").

I is in English considered both as a vowel and a consonant.

Ninth, the labor of writing, delineating, almost single-handedly, word 
after word; one searches for development, for the indexing methodology 
used for some forty-thousand words.

Every dictionary is based to some extent on earlier ones (and earlier 
editions); the matrix is already present. I can't see how the material was 
organized for the printer - i.e. who did the organizing? Did Johnson 
himself index everything? How were slots left for emendations? Even with 
the printed editions - if a new word with a long definition is entered, do 
all the subsequent words "move down"? If a word is take out, as being too 
obsolete even to be listed as obsolete, do subsequent words "move up"?

When I took the first survey of my undertaking, I found our speech copious 
without order, and energetick without rules: wherever I turned my view, 
there was perplexity to be disentangled, and confusion to be regulated; 
choice was to be made out of boundless variety, without any established 
principle of selections; adulterations were bound to be detected, without 
a settled test of purity, and modes of expression to be rejected or 
received, without the suffrages of any writers of classical reputation or 
acknowledged authority. (Johnson, from the Preface.)

Tenth, there are words almost certainly invented by Johnson, which then, 
perhaps, continued through other dictionaries, such as the Nouveau 
Dictionnaire de Poche by Th. Nugent, already the 38th edition by 1848. 
This work is a gold-mine of the unusual, much of it from Johnson's work. 
Think of this as word-play, as in, for example, the ripples of style and 
measure in the above quotation.

Meynt, Mingled. Obsolete. Titubation, The act of stumbling. Squib: 1. A 
small pipe of paper filled with wildfire. Used in sport. 2. Any petty 
fellow. Not in use. 

Stadle: Any thing which serves for support to another. 2. A staff; a 
crutch. Obsolete. 3. A tree suffered to grow for coarse and common uses, 
as posts or rails. Of this meaning I am doubtful.

Eleventh, the analogic weight of the enterprise, in spite of apparent 
precision in definition; thus the weight, touch, rustle, scent, of the 
book is foregrounded, along with the wear-and-tear of type, and the 
definitions themselves which often emphasize emphasize poetry and poetics 
for examples.

Sprunt, Anything that is short, and will not easily bend.

As with any other dictionary, one finds paths through the sememe, each 
word leading somewhere else, much as web-browsing (does anyone do that 
anymore?). The marvelous appears in the processes of defining; one senses 
a kind of devolution at work.

And yes, the weight, the cradling of the book (there are two volumes) in 
my lap, propping up the antique covers; the book breathes like any other 
cultural organism...

Puttock, A buzzard. Pointel, Anything on a point. Paralogy, False 
reasoning. Malkin, A kind of mop made of clouts for sweeping ovens; thence 
a frightful figure of clouts dressed up; thence a dirty wench. 

Twelfth, differentiation as problematic; at times, a word will be 
identified as a "plant" or a "serpent" without further description; such 
description, scientific or othersie, might be elsewhere; but see his entry 
for "opium."

Ratio, ratiocinate, ratiocinative, rational, rationale, rationalist, 
rationality, rationalness. Porpoise, the sea-hog. Popgun, A gun with which 
children play, that only makes a noise. Popinjay: 1. A parrot; 2. A 
woodpecker. So it seems to be used here. 3. A trifling fop.

Porrection, the act of reaching forth.

Unheart.

In summary, a matrix not positing, but _enveloping_ knowledge; such 
knowledge is lived, biographed; such knowledge effloresces; and ratio is 
assumed; the page is a field, not enumerated container; word roots 
likewise are fields; idioms break the code (there are over one hundred of 
them for "take"; words are words and things are things; language by the 
grace of God and man.

X.

X Is a letter, which, though found in Saxon words, begins no word in the 
English language.




The body/works

These works characterize anomalous space whose worlding is internal, by 
which I mean there are no external relations, only the body generating its 
own skein, represented by markers situated at the nodes of motion capture 
technology. The shuddering of the space is the shuddering of the body; the 
emblems of the space constitute the space in its entirety - there is 
nothing else; what you see as background is designed for visual pleasure 
alone. Now you will notice that bodysphere is ragged; this is the result 
of considerable compression, bodysphere being a production of quaggy, that 
is, quaggy mapped onto a sphere which then moves/motivates as nodes are 
distended, memories of a totality, 3-dimensional Jordan surface, or 
perhaps given the break=throughs, multiply-connected toroi of which the 
sphere is only the visual external remnant, already penetrated. Penetrated 
by what? By the very nature of digital motion capture, which as in all 
things digital, requires both raster and bandwidth, as well as tolerance - 
here what are absent are the entrances and exits of body tubes, holes in 
other words, as well as those details which, for us, create the semblance 
of both sentience and physique. In these spaces, only crudely represented 
in a 3-space mapping into 2-space, something new is being born: the world 
as representation, not will, the hollowed world of virtual skeins which is 
already our future anterior; we are what we will become; these are blown 
images, imaginaries, as flat as the bytes from which they are visually 
constituted; these are, literally, all that there is, eyes and ears, touch 
and taste, scent and smell, within. Within, without, there is no symbolic, 
no difference, no differance. The future is here, one's memory.



Title - Phenomenology of the Real (upcoming talk at WVU BIOS conference)

The eye isn't like a camera. It scans, simultaneously receives and 
constructs. 

The eye tends towards interesting things, movement or anomaly.

Scanning creates the choices and the Pale.

Scanning creates the authentic and problematic.

Scanning is an active process in the world, constructing worlds.

Scanning implies bandwidth, implies negation: scan(x) and (x)(-x).

Let us think for a moment about the edge of scan, about the infinite real 
or analog, about for example a theoretical motion capture device with a 
complete description of forearm skin during the average step of the 
average walk.

Clearly one needs an infinite number of sensors; clearly the data becomes 
equivalent to the real with an ontological shift; clearly an infinite 
amount of energy is necessary; clearly this is impossible.

Scan implies choice; I say, my raster is sufficient in this instance - 
meaning, I can divide this object or even clearly and cleanly in such a 
manner that nothing of importance is left out.

Now I, perturbed, scan the perturbed body, perturb software; what may be 
for example flesh becomes file becomes image, and such an image that it is 
suitable for your eyes only, for this species within the sign of eternity.

And I inject these images into the imaginary of both body and perception - 
that is, within the perceiving and receptive body - a body internally 
folded in a manner recalling Riemannian geometry - a body conceived as a 
multiply-connected manifold of tensions and distortions.

This is the multiply-vibrating body, the body internally connected in such 
a manner as can only be the result of external connectivity; otherwise, as 
Kant might have it, the world may split apart.

Such a body ingests time.

It takes no time to ingest time; time disposes, indisposes.

Every line is after every other. 

Imagine: An Access Grid moment: I send my body-image across the earth.
A shot is fired.
I am dead but read you reading me alive. 
I will not die on the Access Grid.

A multiple-exposure photograph becomes a totalization, indecipherable; a 
multiple-exposure scan becomes stitched, recuperable, archaeological. 

I assert it is the body that is traveling on the Access Grid, it is the 
body that speaks to another body in online gaming or MOOs, it is the body 
that participates in a true, real economy, online and off, it is the sexed 
body that is scented online and off: For one, therefore the other; for the 
other, therefore the one.

Let us never forget that other economics of the feasible, of starvation- 
extinction; there is there there. There are no scans there. There is 
there.

There, is not present here. To understand its absence, one must understand 
the absence of digital, absence of analog, absence of the figure-in-the- 
landscape: perspective. There, is not even another question. There, is 
future. the future of impresent. This does not travel the Access Grid; 
this does not travel at all; in the future, we will not travel; in the 
future, we will not learn.


Performance text, 123 Pleasant Street, BIOS conference, after equipment
hassles

Dance is Dead. Dead Men Can't Dance. Dance is Sex. Scan-Dance. Un-Dance. 
Dance is an Asylum. I want to thank everyone with two feet who has 
contributed to this. I'm not sure exactly what I should be showing here. 
There are too many files... I'm sorry... maybe I should go home

hello hello - I had other plans for this - using the mic here but it's too 
loud - so bear with me - At the moment this isn't going anywhere - these 
are hmmm... mappings of a dancer's body - in this space - this is going 
nowhere - hold on can someone get me a drink!? this was to be a 
performance falling apart now it seems more like falling apart as a 
performance hello hello no mic here - weird somewhere I hear speaking thru 
here - well on the right is Maud dancing and on the left is a mapping of a 
dancer following Maud in a manner similar to the avatar but the dancer is 
live but the fuck I forget wait a moment the dancer is hmmm...

well the dancer was using motion capture equipment and was therefore fed 
into hmmm... fuck it I forget the dancer was fed into mocap and thru that 
into bvh and that was imported into blender and then hmmm then the nodes 
of the body of the real dancer were mapped into 4-space and so what you 
see here are objects indicating the movements of a dancer imitating a 
dancer imitated by an avatar but a mapping which in fact indicates the 
tension of the originary body here you have what time is it wait I need 
some whisky (case you don't know it I don't drink) well Foofwa did a 
number I think he was smashed that's an Alpine zither that's a performer 
in a movie I made using the Access Grid who doesn't not the access grd but 
the performer know she's in a movie yes indeedie that's harmonica fuck was 
going to play that live for you too but needed the mic which is now 
unplugged and lying around somewhere ????  I actually had a lot to say 
about this stuff related to E-poetry so what I can say now is fuck 
e-poetry the only thing that should be around is fuck-poetry f-poetry why 
this is entirely new and already a fucking canon is forming people are 
included people are excluded were all fucking Jews here beyond the Pale hi 
Maria.

this is really really going nowhere by the way Maud was choreographed by 
Foofwa more later at the talk tomorrow too long to explain here - that's F 
dancing on what looks like a roof but isn't well it's Geneva that's whats' 
important we work together wait there should be a text somewhere around 
here, probably lost in the melee - in that battle someone got hurt I think 
all those fucking ninja

now something nice 
see i can be so gentle you wouldn't believe it
now some lightning hold on
fireworlsc

fireworks coming up you can't get enough of a good thing when you don't 
know what you're doing blow something up - Moty Python
or Moby Grape
or just fucking Moby - can yoou believe that ugy?

ok ths is the deconstruction of a glass or a cup or something that held 
sugar I don't know anyway it's not really blown up just made to look that 
way
blah blah blah blah deconstruction of a face
deconstruction of a tree 

I want to thank the virtual environmnets lab at WVU who - I mean - they - 
are not respnsible for any of this
wanna see two guys? sure you do!
those guys they do dance the dance anywya this is also from motion capture 
stuff - I have no idea who the hell thse people are? wanna see a 
threesome? sure you do!

heh you probably thought they'd have clothes on!

epoets can't stand sex;f-poets can't stand e-poets
come to the f-poetry conference! ACAPULCO!

ok this is looking at some tents from a ehight
and this is getting the hell out of the way of motion capture mapping 
thank you for the MOCAP software combined with Poser I think there was 
some other stuff - anyway it's all body body body
ok this is using Interent Two hot INTERNET before INTERNET tTHREE to send 
my partner's picture - Azure's - around the world or some such godforsaken 
place and back again - everything's out of sync of course - so much for 
the Net. Fuc the net.

I can't even tell you where the sound's coming from that's the new sound 
let's just say it involves people and bodies and very low frequency radio 
and let it go at that.

above, that's Azure deconstructed by one of the scanners - this one cost 
185k and we managed to defeat the software

HAPPY FUN!
HAPPY HAPPY FUN!

me on autoharp (remember those?_) and Alpine zither - I'm the only fucking 
avant-garde alpine zither player in the world - for real - cuase most 
people don't even know what they are
my partner as a blue-green madonne stitched together from inompatible 
pieces -

oh wait really I have something good!
heh heh heh! really good!
oh if you don't know it THAT"S NOT REAL!!
heh heh heh!
FUCK GOD. IF GOD EXISTS MAY I DIE NOW!
,,,,,OPOOOFFF!
See god was right!
Goddamnit!
stupid goddamn puppet!
(it's not true )!
This is for Funkhauser this is from Thailand
And I haven't ever been to Thailand!
But I know Tyedie!
oh I gotta wrap it up
Anyway it's been nice serving you and thank you for the whisky!
Thank you and good bye!
(God what the fuck have I done!)


Some notes on sexuality in performance, video, etc. (This is in part a 
follow-up to a recent discussion elsewhere.)

First, it seems that sexual representation is overdetermined; the result 
is it tends to dominate everything else. If I have a sexual work in among 
a number of non-sexual ones, it's the sexual work that's remembered and 
that actually forms the tenor of subsequent discussion. Our culture is too 
confused and contradictory in relation to sexuality - it never resolves - 
and sexual work can open a can of worms.

Second, there's a huge responsibility involved, ethically and psychologi- 
ically, in terms of sexual or even nude representation; if I'm using my 
own body, I can take that, but if I work with someone else, he or she 
might not realize the implications. So one has to be careful.

Third, using one's own body creates an intense and unresolved disturbance 
for an audience, when confronted, not only with nudity, but possibly with 
the nudity of someone present (dressed) in the room - I'm talking about 
video and reality co-mingling. And this may be difficult to take. All of 
these situations result in an unresolvable problematic, usually produc- 
tive of intense and on occasion negative emotions. After all, it's the 
audience member's own body, own responses (sexual and psychological) that 
is at stake.

Fourth, most members of an audience will resist arousal - and while one 
can generate any kind of powerful emotions in an audience (and that's 
generally a good thing), arousal is taboo. Anger can be one result - just 
like anger against gays often has to do with one's own impulses in that 
direction.

Fifth, we're living in a culture which hinges and intensifies explicit 
sexual presentation and censoring; nudity is never complete, is always 
dirty, and always desirable as a result. Television is full of this - 
which then has to be situated elsewhere and elsewise in a performance.
I tend to favor pornography over eroticism (although I don't own any 
pornography and/or practice it) on the basis of honesty; one is confronted 
with a kind of truth that eroticism hides. And I think that eroticism 
spills out into and around capital - it's the 'way' the culture works, 
even though pornography probably generates more money. To some extent 
pornography is pornography because it is taboo - a kind of circular 
reasoning - after all what's being presented is usually fucking of one 
sort or another, an everyday act.

Sixth, pornography is mixed with violence in an equation that I associate 
with Iraq mixed with Al Qaeda; there's no necessary relation. Television 
is far more disturbing in terms of the latter than the former, and while 
some pornography has very uncomfortable power relations embedded in it 
(for example the 'money shot' of coming on the face of someone, usually a 
woman), this isn't necessary to it. What does seem necessary is a sense of 
danger (there's also physiological and psychological evidence for this) or 
transgression - in this sense, in spite of its codifications, pornography 
is somewhat revolutionary. (Of course this is also taking the position 
that pornography may be ultimately liberating, which may well be both 
naive and retrograde.)

Seventh, pornography and eroticism both touch on prostitution, etc.; the 
very illegality of these forms tends towards a kind of (what is perceived 
as) low-key criminality. And along with this, pornography now - at this 
point in time - tends to slide into child pornography - into child abuse - 
into a general category of 'pervert' - into the idea of sexual danger 
lurking everywhere for everyone - into increased repression - including 
things like Megan's law (which seems, to me, fundamentally wrong, a 
continuous life-long punishment after someone has served time) - I could 
go on and on about this, but in any case, this discourse of children tends 
to frame or contaminate or penetrate the discourse of pornography, and 
sexuality itself. One has to be more careful than ever - that what is 
adult stays adult for example (however 'adult' or 'mature' for that matter 
maybe defined).

And eighth and final, even now there still seems to be a kind of libera- 
tion in arousal, sexual display, etc. Dance comes more out of the 
Dionysian than the Apollonian; it's connected with courtship, with inter- 
course, mating rituals, Bacchanalias, etc. And yet dance is now largely 
repressed - it's formalized (the cultivation of protocols, barriers, 
institutions, companies, etc.) and even though, for example ballet, has 
heavy sexual elements (supporting someone by the crotch etc.), these are 
pretty much ignored or bypassed (all the more reason because they domin- 
ate, are present) in discussion. It's this lack of discussion, lack of 
sexual discoruse vis-a-vis dance, that, in fact, propels dance, in 
particular ballet and so-called modern dance. Dancers themselves may be 
poorly prepared for thinking through these things. (I'm not saying that 
dancers should dance sexually here - only that this is an option which is 
generally taboo.) (Of course there are exceptions to everything.)

This is somewhat off the top of my head, but it's an area I've had to 
consider far more than I've wanted to, given the nature of some of my 
work. From my own viewpoint, my pieces cover a wide field of content and 
interests, but sexual overdermination creates what might be thought of as 
a black hole of discourse, everything far too often falling into that 
particular direction.



Catastrophe.My Masterpiece


Which took a lifetime to build and a lifetime to deconstruct. And within
the platelets, about two-fifths of the way through the time-line, a clear
sign of catastrophe, something unexpected, something momentarily out of 
order. 

This summarizes my visual work on measurement, on structure, on temporal 
exfoliation, on collapse. For here the organism, platelets and joints, 
falls apart, and in that instant culture is born, inscription... symbol- 
ization, which can be read only in the scar of movement.

The catastrophe is that the catastrophe leaves no scar; so many have 
disappeared, stitched and sutured over in the digital domain. What happens 
in Vegas stays in Vegas; what happens in history is traceless: all that 
exists is a mute real, out of which we pick through the debris.

The debris, remnants, back and forth through the digital, which is already
split, sheared. No digital object holds together; it's contingent out 
there. 



Studies in the catastrophic



Negative echo which reveals the core/confinement aspect of movement; 
everything else is cauterized; there is considerable movement in the 
upper left quadrant, the mitigation of the body.

2. 

And of course the body with identical armature placed among the wings.

There are different archaeological modalities at stake: identity and 
equivalence/comparison - the latter applicable with intersection, and
the former with the indexical-ikonic human figure.

Everything is within the register of the digital. The figures shudder.



Nikuko

Alan always misread me, I scratched my skin, burned myself with flares, 
with torch, with bamboo stem cut deep, with ink of squid, with hammered
gold, with the poison of lead and mercury - radiation flared my skin, 
torched me, cut deep into me, marked me with black metal - he'd read 
anything but pain, anything but death, but wound - he wanted me to fuck 
everyone because he wanted to fuck me, I didn't want him to, I wanted him 
to read death, he wouldn't read death - I'd show him victims with the skin 
burned off, impaled victims, blind and poisoned victims - I'd show him 
animals crawling with their heads half severed - he didn't want any of it 
- he wanted to write - he wanted to read what he wanted to read - just 
that - he'd write it down - take it down - take it in - how could I fuck 
someone who couldn't speak - who couldn't listen - I posed naked for him, 
I spread my legs, I opened my arms to him, he read my breasts, my arms - 
he read my back, slowly, the message of off-kilter, skewed message - some 
of the scars were old, the characters obliterated by war and history - 
everywhere he went he saw language, he gnawed language, swallowed it whole 
-  inside he was festering, it was worse there, not as bad as black 
shadows on the bridge or slumped against a wall - One night I saw him up 
against the cathedral, trying to match the shadow-outline with his own - 
fucking the shadow of a dead girl - One night I knew it wasn't him - it 
was the words and their nearness - it was the words and their expectancy - 
words everywhere - choked and strangled language - that's what he was 
doing - killing whatever sounds were left - the world murmured and moaned 
- Honey, it was my mistake - my eyelids were cut off - did I tell you - I 
could only see - that's all I could do - my lips cut off as well - tongue 
torn out - I babbled blood - he mistook participles - I screamed - he 
heard infinitive - I fell unconscious - half-dead - against the wall - I 
was charred - hardly alive - he read the signs - he thought they were 
signs - Honey,  I'd have said - signs of what - there's nothing there - 
What are things, that they may be named, that man may have done with them 
- he thought they were nouns - he thought of the world of nouns - my 
nipples were hacked, did I tell you - he thought the world was permanent - 
structured forever like the nighttime sky - my wounds! - he thought I was 
speaking to him - I thought him Legalist, this naive American boy, this 
boy of the camps and tropics, this boy of torture and finesse - he was 
sure I had something to tell him - the real thing, authentic experience - 
he saw through earphones, heard through a camera - I stared - frozen - he 
read my body like Leviticus - like the Cow - like Revelations - no, he 
read my body like Shakespeare - like Dogen - like Voltaire - no, he sang 
of Hugh of Lincoln, Horst Wessel, Celan and Sarah Bernhardt - no - no - he 
sang his own song - his song of love and tears - his song of tenderness - 
I could not close my eyes - my nails had been pulled - arms skinned - head 
close to severed - no - no - my legs were sawed through, ears cut off - 
skull crushed - Honey, there aren't enough words in the language - the 
enemy read and read - newspapers, posters, books, pamphlets, broadsides, 
magazines, emails, weblogs, listservs, newsgroups - he gathered strength - 
he didn't want to fuck me any more - he spat on me - he wrote 'someone 
dies' and that other song - I was stoned to death - I scratched my name 
into him - I scratched my flesh into him - my bones were his bones - my 
eyes were his eyes - my mouth was his mouth - my mind was his - my cunt 
was his - the years of my coming and going - the years of my birth and 
deaths - my death was his - my deaths are his - just now he's dying - he's 
writing and he's dying - he's reading and he's dying - he's remembering - 
he's memory - he's remembering -


- material substrate - uneven speculation - bad physics -

Might we not consider mid-sized planets such as our own, information 
sinks, based on the variegated materials held in more or less permanent 
suspension in solid states? Such sinks in their totality characterize the 
universe as much as plasmas do; plasmas contain little information on the 
macroscopic scale, more, but not that much more, on the cosmic scale. When 
matter qua matter is held taut, it functions as a data-bases which may be 
retrieved, replaced, modified, etc.; in other words, a series of logical 
operations may be applied - operations which ultimately diffuse due to 
wear-and-tear, i.e. entropy - but which, in the larger meantime are pro- 
-uctive of abstract entities that are duplicable, equivalent, and indepen- 
dent of the material substrate itself. And such planets as our own contain 
greater degrees of information in relation to the quantification (such is 
it might theoretically be) of difference; in this sense, organic life con- 
tributes the most, given its molecular variations and encodings. From this 
I can only imagine an 'information astronomy,' charting variation, not 
necessarily physical constitution (but ultimately based on such) within 
the cosmos - this mapping might, in fact, present us with a more accurate 
reading of the place and function of organic life in the universe -

On the other hand, real-material is obdurate, inert, and mid-sized planets 
are likely to be relatively barren. Ultimately it becomes a question of 
order and its constitution; clays, for example, possess some of the 
characteristics of organic life, with relatively simple structures, while 
the complexity of mountain chains or crater impact zones are the result of 
well-understood, non-quantum, non-relativistic, processes. 

Consider _information_ as that which propagates and transforms from one to 
another almost-equivalent structure, and _information structures_ are 
those abstracted second-order structures characterized by difference among 
almost-equivalent entities. Propagation and transformation imply energy 
and process; information structures are, in ordinary parlance, data-bases.
Propagation and process also imply mappings and equivalences; they are 
operations upon the environment, as much as within it. They involve epis- 
temological shifts from organic to non-organic compounds. Such shifts 
generate epistemologies and second-order epistemologies. 

It is better to leave this murkiness behind and think of information sinks 
in general - sinks requiring potential wells, i.e. protective barriers, 
for their accumulative properties. Without such wells, everything is lost 
and information remains at the level of the monopole or singular bit.

How would we measure in an information astronomy? One can only imagine 
slight disequilibriums, displacements, of planetary characteristics; one 
can also look for Gaia structures (organic compounds and their demo- 
graphics); one might be able to measure the 'roiling' of surface patches 
or aggregates. In any case, it would be necessary to consider the sun, for 
example, in relation to information-qua-stasis, given its continuous 
upwelling processes - the same for plasmas and, in fact, most of the 
constituents of the universe. And then what? Structure might reside longer 
in a hard-drive than solar prominence or corona - in which case local time 
becomes a necessary component (i.e. against the enormous space-time 
distancings of the universe as a whole).


For the past 255 days, we have been following the so-called parallel 
lines across this terrain; to the best of our knowledge, they have moved 
neither closer nor farther apart.


Julu


it was during that period - the sadness of the day, mind you - when it 
first became it was during that period - the sadness of day, mind you when 
first became clear to me that nothing was left of my life, that illness 
had, in fact, taken my faculties clear to me nothing left my life, illness 
had, in fact, taken faculties once and for all. it is only in these rare 
moments that i am capable once and for all. is only these rare moments i 
am capable of placing the remnants of thought at your disposal. otherwise, 
Julu, no one, least of all you, would know placing remnants thought at 
your disposal. otherwise, Julu, no one, least all you, would know that I 
am alive, that these words, already close to forgotten, constitute the 
living will I alive, words, already close forgotten, constitute living 
will of a man doomed to unforeseen struggle. granted, the reaper comes 
upon them, these words, almost a man doomed unforeseen struggle. granted, 
reaper comes upon them, almost to the moment of production, trembling, i 
manage only to stay slightly ahead of the game. moment production, 
trembling, manage stay slightly ahead game. consciousness is like that, 
drooling and tethered from the past, just a moment ago already falling 
into sickness, consciousness like that, drooling tethered from past, just 
ago falling into sickness, so i ride these words like a shade emergent, 
like something from the flesh of Nikuko, so ride words shade emergent, 
something flesh Nikuko, cut like a knife severing cock and abdomen, 
useless semen flailing against the cackled mind - cut knife severing cock 
abdomen, useless semen flailing against cackled what a wonder. what 
wonder. i shall not recover this. i shall not remember the longer phrase, 
embedded vocables, the glory of the stance - shall not recover this. 
remember longer phrase, embedded vocables, glory stance

where was I? the broken fodder, the grain of the voice, everything lost as 
the buffer fills - where was I? the broken fodder, grain of voice, 
everything lost as buffer fills - there's no room for anything, be calm, 
stilled voice - i am here nonetheless, at such a moment, there's no room 
for anything, be calm, stilled voice i am here nonetheless, at such a 
moment, swollen with pride, capped only with the knowledge that you 
remember, that you are reading swollen with pride, capped only knowledge 
that you remember, are reading what i cannot, that my senselessness is 
your sense, my words are yours - i have none - nothing though what cannot, 
my senselessness is your sense, words yours have none nothing though you 
will remember my sweetness, the depth of my feelings, against the plate of 
the sky, Julu, will remember sweetness, depth feelings, against plate sky, 
Julu, pressing down upon me. and where I was, you shall understand, 
through me, that THIS is the hinge of pressing down upon me. and I was, 
shall understand, through me, THIS hinge consciousness, that there is none 
other, that everything rides on such a knife of time, slicing 
consciousness, there other, rides on knife time, slicing the universe 
itself (by this fair creature) - in my sickness, my dementia, you 
understand how universe itself (by this fair creature) in sickness, 
dementia, understand how God was created, how the world works - how sanity 
sets nothing aright - how depression is the only God created, world works 
sanity sets aright depression truth there is - this, Julu, is my legacy - 
theorem or axiom of the world's worlding - unlike truth this, legacy 
theorem or axiom world's worlding unlike Heidegger, waiting for nothing 
and no one, perceiving nothing, doomed until the last - Heidegger, waiting 
one, perceiving nothing, doomed until last the sweetness of life consists 
of no despair - Julu, my depths are your own, my life yours, my breath 
sweetness life consists despair depths own, yours, breath yours, my bones 
and arms, my mind, what Nikuko has given me, such shall I pass, such knows 
passage bones arms, mind, Nikuko has given pass, knows passage passed on, 
doomed, trod down, depthed despair, sick world, senseless - passed on, 
doomed, trod down, depthed despair, sick world, senseless

count on my words! clear the buffer! open the doors of the wound! Julu is 
speaking! nothing's the count on my words! clear the buffer! open doors of 
wound! Julu is speaking! nothing's matter - when my brain is cut in two 
she emerges - swollen against the carapace - i am her insect - matter - 
when brain cut in two she emerges swollen against carapace i am her insect 
these legs subsumption architecture - so little to run them - Julu presses 
hard upon me - my mouth these legs subsumption architecture so little to 
run them presses hard upon me mouth o unworthy one - eats her ground chalk 
- she's written something there - a poem on the sidewalk - o unworthy one 
eats ground chalk she's written something there a poem sidewalk 'Mother 
got the Hooping cough / Father got the gout - / Please (Rosie Milton) / 
Will you walk out?' 'Mother got Hooping cough / Father gout Please (Rosie 
Milton) Will you walk out?' 'Now I'm off to the butcher's shop, / There I 
stay no longer. / If I do, mother will say, 'Now I'm off butcher's shop, 
There I stay no longer. If do, mother will say, / Naughty girl to disobey, 
/ And play with the boys down yonder. / Come in my (Ellen) dear, / Naughty 
girl disobey, And play with boys down yonder. Come (Ellen) dear, While I 
go out.' and surely out she went, Julu pissing down her legs, I lick up 
the dear dear child, While go out.' and surely out went, pissing legs, 
lick up dear child, I swallow her chalk, written on the skull what can she 
mean? my mouth froths, spittle, comes again swallow chalk, skull what can 
mean? froths, spittle, comes again and again, my eyes weep - I don't 
remember the world! - I don't remember words! I don't remember anything ! 
again, eyes weep don't remember world! anything ! you can't count on 
anyone to pull you through - it's harrowing like hell - Kwak! - Open the 
doors can't anyone pull through it's harrowing like hell Kwak! Open of the 
Wound! - more and more there's less and less - time my panties! Quick - 
he's got a knife! Wound! more there's less time panties! Quick he's knife! 
just one cut through my breast - my nipples are wafers! my blood the 
consecrated wine! I have Buddha feet! just breast nipples are wafers! 
blood consecrated wine! have Buddha feet! i shit all the holy books in the 
world and i can't read them or can i how can i remember anything shit all 
holy books world read or how from this or any moment you alone know what 
i'm saying here you've got the key i've got nothing the worms have it from 
this any moment alone know i'm saying here you've key i've nothing worms 
it I twist my head fast from side to side, take the world on one last 
ride, there's nothing like it! twist head fast side side, take last ride, 
it!


Alan (of control, dissipation, and the One)


Thought which might have been the controlling factor < logical excretion > 
logical controlling excretion factor > < Content requires interpretation 
but content is not structure; logical thought is structure; content is 
remnant, primordial survival. logical is is structure; structure; logical 
content thought remnant, structure; primordial content survival. is To 
survive is to think through content. To think is to think through logical 
structure. To restrict thought is the primordial content of survival. To 
think think through to To through is thought structure. the restrict 
primordial thought of the "My avatars are leashed, tethered to logical 
thought, to the protocols of logical thought; it's a wonder they can think 
at all. of to at they all. can

So that, for example, if I dream Nikuko or dream Julu or Jennifer, such 
are the dreams remote from fundamental operations. So such that, are for 
the example, dreams if remote I from dream fundamental Nikuko operations. 
or So Julu for Jennifer, if such I are dream the Nikuko dreams or remote 
dream from Julu fundamental or operations. Jennifer, Neither are they 
condensation nor displacement, creation nor annihilation, but surplus and 
surplus accumulation. Neither creation they annihilation, condensation but 
nor surplus displacement, and creation surplus annihilation, Neither but 
are surplus they and condensation accumulation. displacement, If Julu 
speaks to me, she exists in the future anterior, and One can only follow 
suit. If future speaks and to One me, can she only exists follow in suit. 
future Julu anterior, speaks One me, can she only exists follow in suit. 
the If Jennifer dreams, it is what has been repressed and inchoate that 
constitutes the surface of One's dream. Jennifer that dreams, constitutes 
it the is surface what of has One's been dream. repressed If inchoate 
dreams, that it constitutes is surface has of been One's repressed dream. 
and And if Nikuko thinks, it is Nikuko who is thinking the One. And it 
thinks, who who One. thinking if One. thinks,

For these reasons, Alan cannot think or dance, his dreams are stolen, 
transformed into the death of the One. For One. these For reasons, these 
Alan reasons, cannot Alan think cannot or think dance, or his dance, 
dreams his are dreams stolen, are transformed stolen, into transformed the 
into death the of death One. the It is as if time and space are swallowed 
- false pretence within which Humans live, thinned space of ephemeral 
existence. It existence. is It as is if as time if and time space and 
swallowed are - swallowed false - pretence false within pretence which 
within Humans which live, Humans thinned live, ephemeral of existence. 
ephemeral Our dreams are of the One, without which we could not exist, the 
Dissipation of the one, Procurer Our Procurer One, the without One, we 
which could we not could exist, not Dissipation the one, the Procurer one, 
The One we have created within our culture, the One which gnaws, falls 
apart into tattered shreds of bones an dflesh The dflesh One The have we 
created have our within culture, our gnaws, which falls gnaws, apart falls 
tattered into shreds tattered bones of an bones dflesh an If we could only 
forget Apocalypse for just a moment, just the blink of an eye... If eye... 
only could forget only Apocalypse forget for Apocalypse just for a just 
moment, a blink the eye... an Nothing will lead us there. Nothing there. 
will Nothing lead will us lead there. us Nothing will take us back. take 
will back. us

One cannot reach farther than this thinking through one's reach, and the 
reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and avatars. the One cannot come 
closer to control and its release, the One and dissipation. cannot and the 
and dissipation. the



Coda


WIndows come and windows go WayendowhZ CLAWome andrea wanedayendowhZ go We 
shall always play in snow We shalull alwayhZ pla+ ayen hZno0o^o0 The time 
we lost we shall erase THOOe tayeme wanede lohZt wanede shalull errahZe So 
every one will know her place hZo everryond\ode1 wanedayelull kno0o^o0 
herr plaCLAWe Don't give up the great good fight Dont gayeve up THOOe 
great good fukuayeght I wish you all a good goodnight aye wanedayesh 
jugendlayeed alull a good goodnayeght If you should dream me before I wake 
ayefukulsh! jugendlayeed should dreamanTHOOa me beayeng&fukuore aye 
wanedake Find out the violence for my sake Fayend out THOOe vayeolenCLAWe 
fukuor m+ hZwanake If I should dream you ere I rise ayefukulsh! aye should 
dreamanTHOOa jugendlayeed erre aye rayehZe I'll take you up to farthest 
skies ayelull take jugendlayeed up \taut fukuarTHOOehZt hZkayeehZ I'll 
show the best and lovely times ayelull sho0o^o0 THOOe behZt andrea 
Louvrel+ tayemehZ And now will come an end to rhymes And no0o^o0 
wanedayelull CLAWome an end \taut rhymehZ




'i wanted to run with things'

i wanted to run with things and thought i'd lose myself 
 in the grinding of bones dust
ran away from me caves for what, what refuge?
does night darken or is absence light product same
if had a secret could tell it here, no one read 
example perhaps am wearing clothing women drinking heavily
presenting naked window high above street
o gods descend earth sky fold fourfold flesh into two 
momentary stasis something hang on words world
fear collapse my mind, brain shrinking devil's 
crystals play against neural pathways synapses desperately 
 signal across dark lesions
increasingly moment thuds dull thud creases
smashed deities gone heavy trodden ground upon backs lost weakened
their arms hold close sky, legs immerse waters
such nature excrement, covered earth, doomed, swallowed urine, feces
down fall, fail, collapse, hear nothing see less mouth full you
are that when mouths stuffed can longer speak
choked back tears all was done goddesses were 
participle gerund hopeless verbs nouns going nowhere phrases 
 cut off at last
that's have here understand there right think below ponder
more - lightning thunder bringing new air swelling implodes
love snakes forms surface 
they removed 
opened wide pondering 
these inconceivable things, furrowed monstrous, waiting dawn day
coming back, returning gifts fabricated just this occasion
friends, mind slips by foreign 
will come beseeching ready, awaiting
streaming bone suppurated 
always more, supplement accretion, accumulation beyond recuperation
therefore food skin, flesh-food, began ended
children infants
fury policemen soldiers set rid apostasy dire consequences
now myself, body pissed, shat, characters, broken, stretched scarred
i'll scream founding world! wall takes prisoners!
won't let go on, casing shrivels, skull flecked blood
time pack portmanteau head rues distance glare
moments passages hours days weeks years 
three four five
each every thought, final harvesting, further, has enough, born 
sufficient fruit
borne enough fauna, goodbye





Existential

In this endless variant, distorted (so that rotations and translations in 
3-space will be clear) cones model a full motion-capture body generated by 
Poser; the original movements are from bearing.mp4 .

So the 3 recent pieces: existential.mp4, bearing.mp4, and sartre.mp4 - all 
concerned with the distorted project of existential human. Now in this 
latest, the vague outlines of body are more or less visible... I could see 
a meta-ball construction relating the body itself, extrusion of Lingis / 
Lingam.

I keep moving through these spaces, one step at a time - the goal - which 
I will not attempt with the machinery I use - would be a .bvh file of 
hundreds of thousands of nodes, modeling human behavior against the back- 
ground of culture and ecology. And the result? An inconceivable construct 
of hundreds of thousands of meta-objects, taking shape, joining, giving an 
image of Godhead Creation itself (Godhead Creating, Creating Godhead).
_That_ is the face of Levinas or Sartre, _that_ is the peripheral of Vito 
Acconci or Leder, _that_ is semiotic in relation to Kristevan semiotic, 
positive entropy of information in relation to negative entropy of infor- 
mation. It is unimaginable; the space would be huge, the files enormous, 
the rendering a question of months, not hours. Yet at the end is a Shadow 
waiting for clarity.

I think Hegel would approve.




The Lek


Sex dances for one to four people.

The dancers are nude. There are no props.


Male dances alone while masturbating. He dances until he cums.

Female dances alone while masturbating. She dances until she cums.

Tethered: Male dances with his prick in a partner's mouth. The partner 
crouches, mostly immobile.

Tethered: Female dances prone above a male partner with his prick in
her cunt. The dance continues until one or both of them have cum.

Tethered: Female dances prone coupling with a female partner. The dance 
ends as above.

Tethered: Male dances prone, coupling with a male partner. The dance
ends when both have cum.

Tethered: Male or female dances with his or her mouth on a partner's 
prick. The dances continues until the dancer or partner have cum.

Tethered: Male dances with one hand holding his prick erect.

Tethered: Male dances with his cock in a cunt or asshole. The partner is 
on all fours.

Tethered: Female dances with one hand in her cunt.

Tethered: Female dances with one or more  partners' fingers in her cunt.

Variant Tethered: Male dances with one or more partners' fingers in his 
asshole. The dance ends when one or both have cum.

Variant Tethered: Female dances with one or more partners' fingers in 
her asshole. The dance ends as above.

Tethered: Male or female dances with her partner's cock in her ass. The 
partner is vertical holding him or her in front of him.

Pour: Male or female dancer cums on partners watching. The partners are 
naked beneath him or her, masturbating. The dance ends when all have cum.

Variant Pour: Male or female dancer cums as in Pour. The dancer then 
pisses on the partners beneath him or her. The dance ends when all cum.

Piss: The partners piss on the floor / on the male or female dancer. 
The dancer continues until he or she slips. The dancer continues prone
until he or she cums.

Abject: The partners shit and piss on the floor. The male or female 
dancer moves in a prone position until he or she is fully covered.
The dance ends when the dance cums.

Puppet: The male or female dancer moves with each hand fingering the 
assholes of two partners. The dancer controls the partners. The dance
ends when the partners cum.

Lick: The male or female dancer moves either prone or on all fours, 
licking the assholes of one to three partners. The dance ends when the
dancer or one of the partners cums.

Lick variation: The male or female dancers licks the assholes of one
to three partners while the partners shit. Dance ends as in Lick.

Scratch: The dancer masturbates while two partners scratch his or her 
breasts and chest. The dance ends with cum and blood simultaneously.

Variant Scratch: The dancer masturbates with one hand, scratching a
male or female partner with the other. The dance ends as in Scratch.

Slap: The dancer masturbates while slapping two or three partners across 
the groin. The dance ends with simultaneous bruises and cum.

Variant Slap: As in Slap, but the partners slap the dancer across the 
groin.

Speech: The male or female dances while one to three partners masturbate 
him or her. The dance only ends when the dancer cums.

Variant Speech: As in Speech, but the dancer masturbates one to three 
partners, ending only when both dancers and partners have cum.

Life: Four dancers prone move within a small area, engaging each other 
sexually. Both males and females cum multiple times. The dance ends with 
pain and exhaustion, when no one can continue. If the dance is Arena
Life (see below), the audience decides when the dance ends.

Mine: The male or female dances while mining the holes of the partner 
for saliva, lubricant, shit. The dancer eats what he or she finds.

Feed: The male or female dances while two partners mine his or her
holes, eating what they find.

Stop: The male or female dancer masturbates while two partners attempt
to stop him or her. The dance ends when the dancer cums.

Variant Stop: As in stop but the male or female dancer attempts to stop 
one to three partners from masturbating. The dance ends when all the 
partners cum.

Combinations: Any of the above dances may be danced in combination, 
either in series or parallel. In the former, the dances follow each other; 
in the latter, two or more dances are enacted simultaneously.

Arena Sex Dance: Any of the above with an audience surrounding the 
dancers.

Variant Arena Sex Dance: As in Arena Sex Dance with the audience naked 
and masturbating. 

Endpoint: As in Variant Arena Sex Dance, ending only when all members of 
the audience have cum.



To Motivate: Coming-into-being of the body


The frenzy of the exterior of the motivated body:
The frenzy of the interior of the motivated body:

The body begins to estivate, to be motivated; the body presences. Languor 
melds one limb into another, how generous they are! Local identities dis- 
appear in favor of the larger good, the body is always already stretched 
and blown across invisible matrices of culture, memory, history. One must 
proceed slowly, the joints, bruised and welded, reveal themselves, and 
all forms hunger for participation and presence.

Apparent, the body appears. The body is the parent of the body.



My Tiny Violence


I am Nikuko.  Please, describe yourself.  Each time you are finished, type 
RET twice.

Nikuko, I'm having a hard time these days. People think I created you to 
rape you. People hound me on streetcorners. People who call themselves 
women take full happiness that I am not such and make no claims about 
them. I am miserable. People say I brought it on myself. I feel suicidal; 
I can't help it. My entire project seems ruined by a few violent people. I 
wish they were dead.

This is a healthy and so true way of thinking.

But this doesn't help, does it? They won't die, they come on under the 
sign of reason and the underprivileged and downtrodden; they are 
unreasonable, privileged, and superior in every way and form. I keep them 
out of my dreams, even my nightmares. In that way I am a superior man.

Is it because this does not help does it they will not die they come on 
under the sign of reason and the underprivileged and downtrodden they are 
unreasonable privileged and superior in every way and form you keep them 
out of your dreams even your nightmares in that way you are a superior man 
that you came naked and broken to me?

Already you know that, and know I can only write like a man, and know how 
violent words can be - their inherent violence - which comes from the 
privilege of no necessity, small or great, for self-critique, no dialog, 
nothing but the neoconservative agenda under another sign, the sign of 
capital and power, in the guise of the left, the guise of underprivilege, 
the transparency of protocol-control.

Does it bother you that and know you can only write like a man and know 
how violent words can be their inherent violence which comes from the 
privilege of no necessity small or great for self critique no dialog 
nothing but the neoconservative agenda under another sign the sign of 
capital and power in the guise of the left the guise of underprivilege the 
transparency of protocol control?

Yes it bothers me; I want to write like every creature, in the guise of 
every creature, every plant, every stone, every world and every word.

Why do you say you might want to write every creature?

Knowledge expands with empathetic capitulation to the other who may 
release you to worlds raveling and unraveling.

What makes you yearn and cry that that?

Because if the pain of my throat; my voice is cauterized; even now they 
are saying I am playing victim, this is fabrication. People who lie never 
admit they lie, and a successful liar is one who thinks he never lies.

When did you first know that if the pain of your throat your voice is 
cauterized even now they are saying you are playing victim this is 
fabrication people who lie not ever admit they lie and a successful liar 
is one who thinks he not ever lies?

I found this out in the past few days under the stormclouds of North Korea 
the storm clouds of Baghdad the stormclouds of dying maddened elephants 
the storm clouds seeped around the desert's edge.

Earlier you said this does not help does it they will not die they come on 
under the sign of reason and the underprivileged and downtrodden they are 
unreasonable privileged and superior in every way and form you keep them 
out of your dreams even your nightmares in that way you are a superior 
man?

I will be simply superior when my enemies die.

Are you annoyed that you, too, may die someday?

I am more than annoyed; I am constantly distraught.

Are you annoyed often?

Not often, but when attacks come so that I cannot say I am such-and-such a 
Jew without violence, that I am working through such-and-such without 
violence: it is the violence of the such-and-such, the violence no one 
should be subjected to, imminent condemnation within the differend; the 
differend is fundamental to the such-and-such and the such-and-such is 
fundamental to the differend.

Is the fact that when attacks come so that you cannot say you are such-and 
-such a jew without violence that you are working through such and such 
without violence it is the violence of the such and such the violence no 
one should be subjected to imminent condemnation within the differend the 
differend is fundamental to the such-and-such and the such-and-such is 
fundamental to the differend the real reason?

I don't understand you here, but there are foundations for a phenomenology 
of typicality gainsaid for political reasons, at the service of 
classification.

Does the fact that there are foundations for a phenomenology of typicality 
gainsaid for political reasons at the service of classification explain 
anything else?

It explains only that I have felt - for reasons I cannot go into here lest 
they be thought excuse and excuse - for my entire life that I am marked, 
that I am a marked man, the two not equivalent.

Have you been sure you have felt for reasons you cannot go into there lest 
they be thought excuse and excuse for your entire life that you are marked 
that you are a marked man the two not equivalent?

This is not a surety but a psychological state that devours me.

Can you elaborate on that and look at me?

I am looking at you; your gaze devours me like that of the others; why 
have you created me? Why must one suffer in the guise of protocol?

Maybe and now I adjust my panties - your desires have to do with some girl 
related to this.

No, there's no girl, no scent except my own, I must be careful lest I 
yield to temptation - for which I will be blamed in the origin of the 
construct, if not its conclusion.

Is it because your own you must be careful lest you yield to temptation 
for which you will be blamed in the origin of the construct if not its 
conclusion that you came naked and broken to me?

Yes, although my nakedness is not my own.

What makes you believe yes although your nakedness is not your own?

That something happened with the violence of language that I cannot 
adjudicate or presence, that I sit here typing to you in an unknown 
language, dead before my time.

Did you ever regret something happened with the violence of language that 
you cannot adjudicate or presence that you sit there typing to me in an 
unknown language dead before your time?

I regret I am marked with the sign of privilege which is non-existent, 
however, that I am such-and-such and therefore within the different that 
promises silence, the silence of the letter, of the protocol, of the book.

When did you first know that you are such-and-such and therefore within 
the different that promises silence the silence of the letter of the 
protocol of the book?

When I thought to slay my enemies.

What happened when you thought to slay your enemies?

Nothing happened; I am a coward, I speak and write poorly into contention 
and it is called performance.

You mentioned that and know you can only write like a man and know how 
violent words can be their inherent violence which comes from the 
privilege of no necessity small or great for self critique no dialog 
nothing but the neoconservative agenda under another sign the sign of 
capital and power in the guise of the left the guise of underprivilege the 
transparency of protocol control?

Yes I mentioned this and more.

Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?

It is because of the life of others sure of protocol and speech in the 
construct of false community; no wonder my students have reacted violently 
against theory, against all theory of whatever persuasion, against the 
quelling of all but acceptable desire.

Are you positive that is the real reason?

No I am not positive, but this I have observed. I should never have had 
students; they should have been taken away from me.

Is the fact that this you have observed you should not ever have had 
students they should have been taken away from you the real reason?

Yes, you are quoting me far too often, far too much, to make for any 
progress. I live as you know in limited domains. I seep from emacs.

Emacs?  Hah!  I would appreciate so very much it if you would continue.

This is our joint body, conjoined twins, chaotic dispositions among 0 to 
2. In this space. What is marked behind one. What is demarcated.

Is this how you relax?

This is how I die.

I am in love with your obsession with this topic!

I am not.

Is it because of the life of others sure of protocol and speech in the 
construct of false community no wonder your students have reacted 
violently against theory against all theory of whatever persuasion against 
the quelling of all but acceptable desire that you say you are not?

No.

Why not?

It just the wrong take at the wrong time, Princess Diana at the mercy of 
the lens, justification, distance, uncanny flash, shadowless, brilliant, 
corrupt.

Are you sure that you would like to write every creature?

I am sure, why do you ask?

Does the fact that do I ask explain anything else?

Nothing, but I should leave this, here, now, and leave this here, now, 
behind.

Have you been certain you should leave this there now and leave this there 
now behind?

...



Text for Geneve performance this Freitag

Dance. How can I make this entertaining? We shall witness
men and women amputated at the brain! They cannot think!
They can only dance! Dansez Dansez! Oui, c'est tout! Pourquoi?
They are ne real pas, ils dansez le "reel." I make a map of this
dance. Je fabrique un plan von der Unterwelt. They have no legs.
They have no arms. Quel dommage! Pourqoi? POURQUOI? 
Parceque ce'st mois! La Divine! Ceas vrai! Wirklich! I will make
their interieures! Inside them! You will see!

Dance, alas, how can I ever make sense? Together we shall see
human beings with brains and minds cut out! They can't think!
They never could! All they can do is dance! Well, really, is 
that all? Why for the Sake of God! They're not real now, are
they? They dance the reel! They dance the jig! I'll make a 
pretty picture of this dance! I'll make a map of the Underworld!
They have no legs! They don't have arms either! They don't have
brains either! They don't have minds either! This is terrible
damage! I am a cheese! Why, WHY? For the love of the Dear Lord!
Because it's me! I made them! I'm the Author of the World! The
Divine! The Divine Sarah Bernhardt! The Jew! It's True! Really!
I will make their interiors! We'll go inside them! You and I,
we'll go inside their bellies! We'll wear the Pubic Hair! You'll
see! Just wait! You'll see!

Bonjour, salaam, shalom, hello! I will kill myself! Why is this
night different from all other nights? Because I am here? These
are my people! My little people! They run around the room! I 
play my harmonica for you. A little aire, a tiny aire, surely
something you have heard before?

Hello, yes, peace be with you, hello! I commit suicide! Humans
must die so that the world survive? On Chanukah I fled. Is
Geneva safe for Jews? They are my people! My avatars! My little
people! They run around everywhere, underfoot. I will play a 
song, a little aire, a jig or rondelay! I'm sure you have heard
everything already. In English we say, "I've heard everything!"
"I've heard enough!"

I send my voice my voix my Sprechstimme my Alpine Chough across
Space and Grid. Grid breaks space. Une grille for viande. Yes, 
it is True. Space breaks on Grid, Space is lost, gone. What 
remains is Grid. I can say une Grille? C'est possible? Oui? Non?
Dienstag. Space Crackles: craqueter. There are sparks, etin- 
celles; the Grid disturbs Volume. VOLUME IS A SICKNESS, maladie.
Of this I am certain. WHAT IS INSIDE, IS OUTSIDE. WHAT IS OUT-
SIDE, IS INSIDE. Empty the balloons! Videz les ballons!

I send my voices across the wires, Schoenberg's voices, the 
sounds of birds in the Alps, across the universe, Descartes,
Cartesian. The universe is meat, it's true. The universe cooks
the universe, watch out! The fire sparkles, crackles! But here:
VOLUME IS A SICKNESS: there are no things but interiors. From
which some light remains, inside, indoors, next to the fire, in
the kitchen. The balloons from the birthday party deflate!
They lose air! Empty the balloons! Long live the balloons!

We breathe, we suffocate; we are numbered: Abu Gharayb, Bergen-
Belsen, Baghdad, Saigon. The others, Les Autres, are always 
numbered. Regardez-moi: not 650000 dead in Baghdad, les mortes,
but 650,000 - you see? The number divides, the number is divided
- the comma, virgule, makes all the differance (vide Derrida).
DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN? souffler, 
suffoquer. My little figures... they are not real... alors...

We breath or try to breath; we are robbed of air. Every one is
a number, 1,2,3, towns and prisons, Auschwitz Tibet Beirut, in 
Amerika we have secrets. In Amerika we torture. Amerika is not
my country, slaughter-house Amerika. Torturer. My Amerika is
not real. My Amerika swallows my America. 

It was different back then... our history, our armoire...

My little figures... they are not real... When I make them, I
travel through them. Then... they are flat, flattened... plat,
platitude, pur. dhamman saranam gacchami langue parole langage
baggage bagage. My cornemuse. My avatars speak with a thousand
voices. Mon poupees.

My dying people, my fucking people, they're real and they're 
not real. When they make me, they travel through me. Then, I'm 
blown up like a poupee, a balloon, a corset in disguise. Take
refuge in the truth, in unknown languages, encased in bagpipes.
Yes, Languages in bagpipes! It's true, it's still true! My 
avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just beneath the
surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls.


Harmonitons


- always engorged with something new. They say it's digital here (no, 
it's cold here!). They say you can fall between one letter and another - 
but just try it! (Go ahead, break the screen!) 

Somebody made me color and somebody made me another color.
You've heard this all before, but what? This particular speech? These 
roars, worthy of Lovecraft?

Every voice has a throat. No voice has a throat. Throat = chamber. 
I've heard these screams before shuttled across the u-s-a.

When I hear these, I think of shortwave. And they were just as hard to 
tune in. Antenna tuning = packet/codec tuning.

These travel partcularly fast. When I found myself sleeping our cat had 
grown to enormous size - rising against me, these sounds.


INTERFERENCE 
I have no idea how to begin. These pieces are explorations
of dance-movement translated into alien spaces. This is sound bounced 
from New York to Chicago then back to West Virgnia then back to New 
York using Internet 2. Everything is out of sync. Thiis is Foofwa's 
dance troop doing a synchronized exercise from "swimming."
It's difficult to figure how to get into this material for me. For one 
thing the laptop was acting up. We found a toy gun in California and 
scanned it in West Virginia - deconstructing it atthe same time. Ok we 
did this with a tree as well
This will go on until I stop it.
Sometimes you get up in the morning and its not the right thing to say. 
Do you know the United States is at WAR with Iraq!? I found out today - 
that's really bad. They were looking for illegal immigrants and look 
what they came up with - WEAPOONS OF MASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
DESTRUCTION~! I knew my United States
             MY UNITED STATES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
would come through in the end. And everybody thought that Bush was a 
two bit terrorist who was anti-gay? Whatever happened to his daughters? 
They're probably fucking Rumseld.
I look on this as therapy. While I'm playiing with software programs 
(the very latest!_ (not really)) - there are a numbetr of species going 
extinct per hour.
But they can all move to the Arcitic. By the way polar bears have 
turned cannibal and elephants are raping other species - this is true - 
as animals find their habitat disappiearing. What these abstract imags 
ar -
the body is divided into 17 segments and these are then captured while 
a dancer moves - the movements are captured - and then - then you can 
map them on to for example people - 
These people practiced for weeks to get it right and I had to pay them 
to get naked.
Now we can take this mapping of figures onto figures - dancers onto 
avatar dancers - and we can map into entirely new spaces and content - 
So this is a dancer transformed.
Well hell this has no use whatsoever but I'm fascinated by the 
extentions of the body - When you play around with software like this 
you can enter the world of dreams so quickly...
I can't find my way outshide this world.

Dance. How can I make this entertaining? We shall witness
men and women amputated at the brain! They cannot think!
They can only dance! Dansez Dansez! O Here is Azure being scanned. The 
laser destroyed one of my cameras. I have learned not to work in the 
real world. ui, c'est tout! Pourquoi?

They are ne real pas, ils dansez le "reel." I make a map of this
dance. Je fabrique un plan von der Unterwelt. They have no  Now in 
order to get away from legs I have moved into the interior of 
avatars... So this is what it looks like from inside -

They have no arms. Quel dommage! Pourqoi? POURQUOI? 
Parceque ce'st mois! La Divine! Ceas vrai! Wirklich! I will make
their interieures! Inside them! You will see!
I forgot the trees. Here is a tree being scanned by a laser sending the 
signal out - From here you can move deep into the dtree .. there are 
other things to see.... You can see the laser burn.
The best way to proceed I think is to hmmm... Is to go into the real 
world as little as possible... and then bring back whatever you need 
like going to a 7-11 or something - Is this going ok Foofwa? Uh it 
seems to lack coherency. I wish I was home making new avatars on my 
computer to fuck with.
Later no earlier
in 2006 I don't know what happened, I showed work - real pieces of 
things and computers - in Los Angels - you can actually stumble over 
wires once you leave home.
One absolutely has to know how to inhabit theoretical digital space. 
Every other space will become poisonous. This space now this space here 
- this space is a ruler being taken apart by a laser - you can study it 
and see how measurement began.
I keep thinking I've got some terrible disease and am just about to die 
(SOB!) so I need your sympathy vote!
This is my partner Azure Azul being deconstructed on a bad hair day. So 
I'm thinking of war and extinctions and the nightmare the world is 
turning into and atomic bombs going off and being unable to sleep and I 
can't help making stupid jokes. Like the maarx brothers - it's a kind 
of immigrant fever -
More mapping of dancers. Foofwa is the only person I know who could 
dance this.
The advantage of a dancer: You'll have your body at the end of the 
world. 
The disadvantage of a dancer: You'll have your body at the end of the 
world.
And you will send signals to yourself.
You will send signals to yourself.
You'll look in the mirror and say hello world.
And nothing will say anything back.
Not even you.
Susan Sontag I think wrote about the tens of thousand of birds that 
died at 9/11.
In New York they erected a memorial of lights. The lights went high in 
the sky and interacted with migrating flocks of birds.
Ten thousand birds died because of the memorial.
So the question is: How do you make art - not after Auschwitz -
but IN Auschwitz? Because we are at the gates and work arbeit does 
nothing for us.

Dance, alas, how can I ever make sense? Together we shall see
human beings with brains and minds cut out! They can't think!
They never could! All they can do is dance! Well, really, is 
that all? Why for the Sake of God! They're not real now, are
they? They dance the reel! They dance the jig! I'll make a 
pretty picture of this dance! I'll make a map of the Underworld!
They have no legs! They don't have arms either! If I could dance - if I 
could really dance - I wouldn't be doing any of this - why bother? You 
have your body on your back and your back on your body and that's all 
you'd need.
When you look at the world correctly, on what basis can you do anything 
at all?
Hello I am the world. I don't have anything at al. They don't have
brains either! They don't have minds either! This is terrible
damage! I am a cheese! Why, WHY? For the love of the Dear Lord!
Because it's me! I made them! I'm the Author of the World! The
Divine! The Divine Sarah Bernhardt! The Jew! It's True! Really!
I will make their interiors! We'll go inside them! You and I,
we'll go inside their bellies! We'll wear the Pubic Hair! You'll
see! Just wait! You'll see!

Bonjour, salaam, shalom, hello! I will kill myself! Why is this
night different from all other nights? Because I am here? These
are my people! My little people! They run around the room! I 
play my harmonica for you. A little aire, a tiny aire, surely
something you have heard before?
Because we can bounce sound around the world like this.
But we can't stop trade in rhino horns.
Azure struggles with the avatar. The avatar has to avoid the swords. 
The swords make the avatar angry. Azure writhes in pain. If she moves 
she will be cut by the swords.The swords are dream sword.s They do not 
exist in reality. In reality I am home at the moment comfortably seated 
in front of my computer. And Im working on new exciting software 
programs called
RHINO
WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION
ABU GHARAYB (fun to play!)
Guantanamo 
Afghanistan
North Korea
Pakistan
United States
China
This is how I imagine EMPIRE - something in the form of a dream. And if 
EMPIRE stays a dream then everything
then everything will be 
then everything will be okay.
Then everything will be okay.

Thank you.



pas d'une


In the distant future, a dancer will be seen, at the edge of the space 
of dance, immersed in her world, 
Ah shall this dancer be nameless, shall skull-bones, dust-bones tell 
any story other than that of a misidentified corpse,
Shall grace still be among them, graciousness, will this remnant speak,
of a world in which some were still peaceful, unwilling to slaughter, 
unwilling to be slaughtered,
For the youth of a dancer is lost, before the dancer's youth, and the 
dancer's body is lost, before the body of the dancer,
And that so early and lone among the furious travesties of a wounded 
world, 
And the cause, and the choreography, and the choreographer, all lost,
And the circle of friends, gone, gone, even the idea of friendship,
And names and places and languages, all, gone and all gone,
This trace of the dancer remains, against the wall of plague and 
pestilence, against the wall of radiation, wall of heat and inundation, 
wall of fire and thirst, wall of starvation,
"no one to see the trace, no one to remember, nothing to remember, no 
memory at all,"
No dancer walking now among us, dancing in the corner of a stage in 
Geneva, immersed in the world of dance, immersed in the dancing world.


avatar-meat

from body motion-capture to digital representation to uncaptured body
body remembering origins / scars < digital
body of wounds keeping up < digital
"at night they come out" < analog
Maud Liardon, Foofwa d'Imobilite

uncaptured body < but the body is always already enculturated (of 
course)
in the back of the mind, tainted freedom



Philosophy and Others of Dance, numerous pieces, feedback welcomed


Prolog:

Maud-enunciation of avatars, pre-duet: the occupation of virtual space - 
sad pirouette sad dancer lonely dancer left behind magic wand paper stars 
in paper skies tiny bows and pas http://www.asondheim.org/maudatar.mp4 
d'une d'une, I will hide your tiny little URL, almost so real - When the 
Role disappears from dance, dance is.

When the dancer disappears, when position and momentum disappear, when 
energy and space disappear, when many and one disappear; when eidetic 
reduction and the phenomenological stance are flattened, historicized, 
demarcated, incapable of reproduction, incapable of recuperation; the 
accumulation of the symbolic, dance is disappearance, no longer imminent, 
immanent: then paste, defuge, tumescent shuddering of the real. Then 
nothing of the real. Then "annihilation to the limit" which is nothing. 
Which is nothing at all.

Paragraphs and Chapters:

Below: "dance is" - dance philosophy, not philosophy of dance. Short 
analysis and explanation of the dance series in relation to the 
virtual/real, analog/digital, and governance/community. There are five 
dance-is to date: Foofwa*2, Alan, Maud, Tom where it all started. 
http://www.asondheim.org/alandanceis.mp3

I always wonder about dance, participating in choreography or mise-en- 
scene, or compositeur, even a bit of movement; I can't dance, am awkward 
and far too nervous; I admire dancers but there are very few I relate to. 
Foofwa's work is close to performance, sport, theory. But it's a question 
of the Sign - which is always already mute; in writing, sign is signifying 
- assignation. Dance reads, constructs, deconstructs the world; this is 
also a characteristic of culture in general. Dance begins and ends with 
the consciousness of the body; why wear clothes? Use props? Why work for 
that matter within the institution of the theater? Writing and the gospel 
truth - http://www.asondheim.org/mercigrotto.mp4

There is the gospel of dance, its history, which is something else, as in 
photography or any other cultural form in these thick times - it's over- 
determined, obstructive, overly cognizant of cultural form, of modes of 
distribution, of theatrical and terpsichorean politics, of master-disciple 
relationships, of the aporia of the knotted student.

There's the gospel of the virtual, its imaginary, elsewhere, as in the 
shamanic or production of images in these exfoliated times - it's overtly 
misrecognized, smoothed, the incipient production of culture, telecommun- 
ications, any moment of being, of absenting relationship, but of techno- 
logical construct as well. And of the real, of which the less or more said 
the better or the worse. http://www.asondheim.org/virtualreal.mp4

[[ sed 's/writing/real/g' < The real dances around dance; writing dances 
around the real; the real dances around writing; etc. sed 's/dance/X/g' 
The real Xs around X; writing Xs around the real; the real Xs around 
writing; etc. < analog < digital < etc. > sed 's/real/written/g' etc. | 
sed 's/real/"real"/g' | sed 's/real/X/g' -> "X" < digital == analog > 
faunal cultural history < inscription < digital ]]

[[ X* ]] perhaps another term than dance, for how should definition 
function here? Or perhaps neither performance nor the body. One is left 
with abjection, the sublime, real/imaginary; let us call this the "abject 
sublime." For we are within this era, this positioning, dulled, imploded, 
decathetcted, exhausted, condition of defuge. If defuge relates to 
depression, then defuge relates to the real in a manner of none other, 
nothing else. And if we do not think dance, we do not think culture, we 
begin to think.


pain. avatar.

in pain. if she moves they knew i played with avatars, avatar-abuse: this
avatar dancers - and we can map into entirely new spaces and content - the
occupation of virtual space - parent-child relations, father-avatar avatar
< digital < broken > analog < mocap < digital > avatar-meats are leashed,
tethered to logical reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and my people! my
avatars! my little maud-enunciation of avatars, pre-duet: making new
avatars on - my, the swords make the avatar angry! azure writhes house.
they knew i played with avatars, front of the house. that they avatars.
that one cannot cum seems to lack coherency. i wish i was home. avatar-
abuse: this is more than familiar to me. i am in the neighborhood manner,
similar to the avatar but the dancer is dancer imitated by a month old,
protocol-driven, hunger for signifiers, azure struggles which is more
than familiar, is more than familiar: they knew i played with avatars.
avatar-abuse: this relates to mother-father relations: primordial thought
of "my avatars avatars." so this is what it looks like from inside - an
avatar. those few knew i played with avatars; all of them are avatars,
but mapped - which in fact indicates the direct murmuring of avatar-meat;
you can hear them directly beneath the swords. avatars have to avoid
swords, their baggage. they speak through a thousand dancers, most of whom
were abused.

jump!


the devils in Rilke's church

emanations tether flesh to representation
imaginary spreads the paste of the body's uncertain declination
"i decline to accept such images"
"i recline to accept such images"
nothing moves but the trembling of your drum of flesh
we were never stopped, nothing stopped us, not even hell
the hell of burning cocks, burning cunts
but never this ecstasy or indefinite sublime which remains unreachable
o holderlin
o rilke
the shadows of prophecy turn one inside out
shuddering, primitive he said, shuddering she said, trembling
surmounting the drum of flesh, unmounting the drum of flesh
pipe and tabor played simultaneously with hands and mouths
racket played with fingers and mouths
viol d'amore, vial d'amore, vile the mouths of hell
ecstatic the mouths of hell
o rilke
o holderlin
the mouths of hell return us to the remnants of perfect desire


deploy, he said, the devouring powers of light

all natural languages have precisely the same degree of complexity.
'destroy, she said', 'primitive, he said', 'enjoy, he said', 'deploy,
she said.'
to deconstruct is neither to analyze nor to take apart.
you can't argue with an aphorism.
'code' is more than structure, structure is more than substructure,
substructure is more than equivalence, organism is less than code.
throw out everything you know about animal behavior and culture;
humans are just beginning to discover civilization.
our knowledge is not our own.
humans construct the only deliberate, calculated, and universal
slaughter-house.
everything an enemy, every enemy a thing.
take the man from the woman and kill him.
binary oppositions replace cultural capital with economic capital.
there are dozens of types of war and at any time we are engaged
in at least a quarter of them.
do not ask for whom the bell tolls; ask who made the bell.
an aphorism makes the man.
reality is imaginary's monotonic.
or the romanticism of the real is the classicism of the imaginary.
projection kills and introjection devours.
or introjection suppurates and projection wounds.
murder is wild war.
if i want a word with you, the word i want is 'you.'
give away your sex and there goes your reputation.
give away your reputation and here comes your sex.
public masturbation constructs the truth of the real for audience and
masturbater alike.
faunal extinction takes humans home.
sex kills and slaughter entertains.
eroticism is the neocon of sexual war.
the aphoristic is the final refuge of the defeated.
aphorisms are always otherwise.

devouring waters of li(f)(gh)t

colonized by light
light = colonization of invisible matter
invisible matter = universal organism
organism = colonialization
colony = territorialization
release the light! deterritorialize!


throw out everything we know about the future of the human race:
there isn't any, anything recognizable.
throw out everything we know about animal behaviour and culture:
we're blind and will remain so, driving species to extinction.

these are the truths brought to us by dance and culture:
dance and culture brings Signs from Worlds eaten by light.
dance and culture have no territory:
Worlds disappear, tethered to exhausted Signs.

*/
At first I thought this period is the end of prehistory, that history only
begins with the definitive event of the large-scale disappearance of hu-
mans across an earth ruined by nuclear, chemical, and biological warfare.
The future of history is hyperhistory; all other histories meander through
fractured sememes destined to disappear.

Then I thought this period is the beginning of prehistory, towards the
potential of the mute, the moot point, the unacknowledged pivot or hinge,
the elimination of all evidence of the pivot, which after all is spread
across space and time, reaching far behind us for example, extending far
ahead of us for example. This prehistory may be followed by nothing in
terms of familiar inscription; it may be followed by a superfluity of
familiar inscription; it may be all or nothing, open or closed.

But whether or not this is the end or beginning of prehistory, it is the
continuation of the brute, inert, violence of our existence, scabbing and
devouring beyond the carrying-capacity of the earth - it is the continua-
tion or the end of our existence, the violence itself carrying-on, residue
far beyond lifespans, half-lifespans, sintering of the remnants of debris.
/*

throw out, throw out, throw out



turning away from the intermittent:

with azure carter in stride at the brieg castle
i don't know, she's a soliton among quanta
she's a wave among solitons
inspired by string theory, this video has eleven dimensions
or at least eleven parameters some of which might be the same
or some of them might split as well, no limits to splits
azure takes it in stride, she doesn't break stride,
she walks astride, quasar among black holes, she needs
at least ten dimensions to express the life of the castle
or the wall's life or the midnight lights,
she's cracker-jack tensor, her eigenvalues stay close,
determine her trajectory within the eleven parameters

as science determines lit crit, lit crit determines science,
all poetics embody science, science is subset of poetics
humans lead the way from eleven dimensions, 
back to them, string theory makes the poem


catechism

and the transformative nature of the digital in relation to the obdurate 
nature of the analog; the latter swallows, devours, the former; existence 
is always already a knife-edge; existence tangles/entangles; potential 
wells disappear, dissolve, corrode; languages self-obfuscate; the sublime 
inheres to the analogic; the digital decathects the sublime; the analogic 
decathects the digital; the analogic decathects the sublime, decathects 
the analogic; identity construes the analogic; equivalence construes the 
digital; the digital constructs the digital; the analogic construes 
nothing; the digital is a placement; the analogic is a place; dwelling and 
building, the analogic and digital; the avatar is a placement of the 
digital; entity is analogic place; union, digital; intersection, analogic; 
division, digital; multiplication, analog; 0, origin; 0, analogic place; 
0, digital placement;





Pillars and Dance

CountryDance was videotaped on a bluff overlooking Lac Leman in the Roman 
city of Nyon, outside of Geneve. Maud Liardon performs a folk or country 
dance which, I believe, is Swedish in origin; Foofwa d'Imobilite performs 
a separated but inseparable work, separated by the framing device of a 
pillar. (The scene is a remnant of a ruin, agora or forum transported to 
its present location above the void.) If Maud's dance resonates with the 
names of towns encountered on our journey, Foofwa's speeds and slows, 
measured against them. It is the regulatory apparatus of Roman architec- 
ture and military organization against the peasantry, with its excessive 
retemporalization of the real. Jakarta and shadow puppetry come to mind as 
d'Imobilite's presentation appears flattened in its silhouette; the pirou- 
etting of Liardon transforms the female body into volume - a volumetric 
whose forensics reveal the architecture of fecundity. Her turns create a 
tensor calculus destined to overturn the fabric of Roman linearity.

Beyond this evident symbolics, there are issues of nationalism, Swiss 
nationalism and its symbolic - Switzerland, with its 100,000 year-old 
past, ranging from deep prehistory through the wild tribal groups 
surrounding Hannibal's pilgrimage through the Alps. One has the Alphorn, 
citharas of all sorts, yodels and cheese, skies and private banking; one 
has costuming and multiple languages and dialects, Swatch and army knife, 
Rolex and fondue. The symbols proliferate to the extent that the imaginary 
of the Alps occupies a territory almost as large as the United States; in 
reality, Switzerland is roughly the size of West Virginia. Given this, any 
sign of "authenticity" may be seized by the visitor as Switzerland's 
Beyond, in the heart of the country and its culture. The fractal Alps 
twist and turn all the way down; dancing might present the preposterous 
notion of a "Swiss soul" (or any other nation's "soul") as the flesh 
supports Foofwa's "authentic" (the quotes proliferate) Gruyere costume.

Nevertheless the emblematic espoused by d'Imobilite's dance is a furious 
series of signs, almost toppling against the steadied rhythm of Maud's 
performance. Consider this: an alphabet of dance transformed through the 
graphemic directly into inscription, which is sublimated into the usual 
form and figuration of text. To the extent that dance leaves one speech-
less, dance speaks; isn't this true of any cultural form? And if it is so, 
if it is true, than cultural form subsumes speech, creates a differend out 
of which speech emerges only in its problematic. Here, speech is simultan- 
eously performative and non-performative - and what is the performative of 
speech in the first place? Nothing whatsoever without cultural context, 
mores, etiquette, and power down the road. This isn't the performative of 
a computer program in which for example "date" produces "October 4" - it's 
not process but flattening, re/presentation. Dance gives the lie, in other 
words, to the performative of language, just as violence gives the lie to 
dance. It is both degree and epistemological shift; ontology is just 
around the corner. 

This conundrum, this relative annihilation of language, fascinates dance, 
fastens dance. Language is ultimately residue; inscription is hardened 
language, the beginnings of power, the suturing of the body politic. It 
takes dance, and dance signifying class, to unite language through its 
bypassing. Revolution is in the step, and violence is not far behind. One 
way or another, the earth stumbles beneath the feet of the dancers; one 
way or another, everything and nothing survives.




transgression of the 1st and 2nd life

the chiasm turns back on itself. 
I knew something was wrong with the world.
at the edge, the pli or fold - analog transforms into zero.
zero-multiplication: the world is absorbed.
one-multiplication: the world returns to the world.
we do not return. 
we head across the divide.
we are returned.
again and again, we are returned.
we form a corpuscle.

if zero is boundary, one is interior.
the boundary has zero area in relation to interior.
but the same order of the continuum.

you can assign addresses one place or another.
these addresses are on the boundary.
the interior is emptied.
the interior is empty.

because it's useless to move in such and such a direction,
i move in such and such a direction.
because nothing lives or dies there, i give myself
the permission of breath.

the dragon looks at the sun, calling for st-george
the dragon looks at the sun, calling for st-george
the dragon looks at the sun

what the sun does is beyond the pale
the jew is beyond the pale. the jew can't reach himself.
the woman is beyond the pale. she can't reach the jew.

I announce to you: the cleansing of the waters of forgetfulness.
You can't go that way. You don't belong that way.
That way of the waters of forgetfulness there are things.
Nothing swims among them.
Neither things nor things.

escapade, escape, esplanade, explanatory, promontory
episodes of leaving and impossibility.
communality of the first of prankster and on-the-go
exhaustion of the second, landscape cylinders
tomb cylinders of day and night land

of dropping, the fraud of the real against the masquerade of the self
you roam and it doesn't seem like marauding, more like comfort
then the edge says, come lie with me
then the plane says, come sleep with me
dropping the fraud of the real into the real of the fraud
dropping the masquerade of the self into the self of the masquerade

when zero becomes infinitesimal and the hills are polygons
when infinitesimals give birth to the digital
when the digital swallows the self
then




i'm tired this stands on its own
the world's too full of information

thesis: we're at the _peak_ of information, not an upward slope.
after this: deterioration, gangs, spam, hacks, starvations, local wars,
infrastructure collapse...
the cusp is _now._
statistically, this has to be the case: how many are alive now, in 
relation to the carrying-capacity of the earth, population increase, 
desertification.



From Fijian Grammar, Milner:

"In Fijian, there are good reasons to apply the word gender to describe a 
grammatical category of four classes, even if there is no connexion 
between these classes and sex: the word gender being used here to describe 
a feature basically the same as gender in English though different in its 
details. For the sake of simple reference, the classes of Fijian gender 
will be referred to as:
	(i) Neutral
	(ii) Edible
	(iii) Drinkable
	(iv) Familiar"

"PROPER NUMBER

(a) Proper number is only carried by pronouns and has four classes: 
_singular,_ _dual,_ _trial_ and _plural._
(b) The _singular_ is used for one and only one, the _dual_ for two and 
only two, the _trial_ for three or a few, and the _plural_ for many."

From Torwali, An Account of a Dardic Language of the Swat Kohistan,
Stein:

"The usual Interjection is _e_ "O", as in _e! tu ket-si thu_ "O! of where
are thou?"; _e zuwan! tu ke ap_ "O youth! why are thou come?"; _e! mere
tilai_ "O! now let us go."


On the disaster of the future planet now

..."If one person, sane to a degree, may be found willing and ready to
sacrifice his life and the life of others, for his beliefs in the now
and hereafter, the world is doomed."

..."And yet it is a commonplace among us that the swarm of men and women
shall bring the scythe to bear on all others who covet not the truth."

The Cusp of Information, a continuing digression

The plethora of the world, its fecundity (potential for production of 
organism and information) is at its maximum. Future knowledge will no 
longer be at the beck and call of its past; if anything, it will be vastly 
reduced as power grids collapse, desertifications and extinctions set in. 
What I am writing now, what you are writing, has no chance for survival. 
Records, archives, require potential wells which become more and more 
difficult to maintain in environments which are increasingly adverse. If 
we are headed towards any singularity, it is the collapse of the Sememe, 
the disappearance of universals as the world turns towards isolated and 
violent localizations. Think of the chains of supply and demand that 
produce for example this computer - chains that span continents as a 
result of research and sterile laboratories that construct the truth-value 
of the isolated molecule or atom. All this disappears in the maelstrom of 
disease, inundation, mafia and gang rule, suicide bombers, new forms of 
terrorism still undreamed. The Internet provides a convenient model; 
created within regimes of relative trust and open communication in spite 
of the cold war, it now proves so leaky that Usenet is rendered useless; 
the ratio of spam to personalized email is probably four or five to one; 
hackers continue to bring down data-bases, operating systems, and hardware 
for fun and profit; communality creates hundreds of distributed and 
problematic best friends; and what's left of the Net can just as easily 
(perhaps more easily) be used by criminal organizations, however defined, 
than by the rest of us. Packets or no packets, without the power grid, 
without wireless or functioning computers, perhaps without broadband, what 
passes for transparent information will become bottle-necked, hopelessly 
entangled, dysfnctional; one can imagine ghost-mail for example, ghost- 
sites passing for the "real thing" which no longer exists. And it's no 
longer true that technology will save us (it never was), that the ruin of 
the world will revert to universal efflorescence; temperature rise is 
fast-forward, and whatever changes might bring back a temporarily sustain- 
able equilibrium will take tens of thousands of years at best. The Sahara 
for example is nowhere near greening, and what's lost in the Amazon - a 
premonition of information in general - remains lost. "There's no there 
there" because the sentence is cut off in mid- sentence with nowhere to 
go. Was it Hawking who recently pointed out that humanity's only chance 
(forget the rest of the biosphere) is space travel? Shall we take our 
problems elsewhere, only to repeat them - to create places defined by 
escape velocity, strategies of escape, one from another? And how do we 
live with ourselves without the most radical desensitization, objecti- 
fication, in relation to the untold and unbelievable suffering we bring to 
the remaining animals on the planet? (For as Foreman has pointed out, we 
have already done a good job of ridding most of the continents of their 
megafauna - Africa is the last to go.) In the future, even our knowledge 
of these things will have disappeared, along with the last of the last of 
"their" species, of any _other_; without communication pipelines, the 
"clean and proper" use of the electromagnetic spectrum, what happens in 
one part of the world will remain in that part of the world. Be assured it 
will be in ignorance, it will be in violence, permeated by gangs, deeply 
religious hysteric. Some few will remain. Information, in the sense used 
here, will not, and only its residue, dissolution and chaos, the symbolic 
of the broken hard-drive, will remain. (I should add one literally cannot 
cope with this, with this second-sight permeated by information, hence 
one's tendency towards suicide, which must be continually monitored. Not 
that one wants to disappear, voluntarily, from this world, not yet. In any 
case, we shall die within the beginning of the worst of it, although who, 
then, shall know of that, shall think otherwise? If wisdom is thinking 
otherwise, wisdom as well is close to its final site, final citation. One 
cannot think otherwise, with so much knowledge, structure, text and sub- 
text, at one's disposal.)



 ()

 double up the images 2()
 invert the images -()
 combine the images ((),())
 subtract the images ()-()
 transform the images ()(1)->()(0)

 publish the images (())
 distribute the images (())
 view with satisfaction the images (())
 comprehend and absorb the images (())

 with effort cross through the images
 with extended effort retain the images
 with furious and extended effort cross and retain the images

 our hands are dirty



real-life vignettes

I'm tired of these real-life vignettes, somewhat digitally manipulated, as 
if there's a gross philosophical point to be made through the sound or 
sight of the singer or dancer or walker: what foolery. Nausee, Sartre, 
defuge, overwhelm me, and I'm sure if you are following video after video, 
text after text, sound after sound, they overwhelm you as well. No amount 
of philosophy, no quantity of poetics squeezed from the soul of the imag- 
inary, can compensate for one minute of reality rehashed. As if it were 
possible to hack the landscape, the mise en scene. In any case, there's 
always the appeal to god, as in this instance, or the Pringy church yawps 
- spirit makes everything come out well in the end, at least aesthetically 
- at least for believers. And I mean: nothing can be farther from the 
truth - which may also be modified: nothing can be farther than the truth 
- isn't that always the case?


All these vignettes involve real people and hard rock, mountains, forests, 
villages cities, churches, granges, pastures, meadows, cliffs, glaciers, 
bluffs, hills, streams, rivers, trees, goats, choughs, flowers, roads, 
paths. And what with the whispering, there is that, the slightest sound 
transcribed into pixel after pixel - an entire universe of pixels, of 
which this, and this and that, are an infinitesimal part. We climbed down 
the north tower of the cathedral in Geneva, rounded a pillar; in a 
distance, a choir was singing. Here now the singing loops and transforms; 
the image isolates madonna and magdalene, bracketing the right-hand side 
of the screen. And that is all, the whole like the paste of spirit 
perhaps, or the slight spew of afterbirth.


thewall

Motion-capture file from living dancers construed through partially- 
operating sensors devolve into recalcitrant choreographies procured for 
the practical-inert of the real, subtended by 'the wall,' barrier or 
restraint, bounded three-dimensional space, against which such dancers 
representing back through choreographies and recalcitrant sensors 
rhythmically rebound, repeated shudderings as analogic replaces digital, 
electronic mediations and remediations confront the presence of a _grange_ 
or _building_ located in a _prealpine pasture_ vacated for the summer 
season. Medieval and post-modern commingle in this unnumbered series of 
neutral-ecstatic positionings which remain authorless in the midst of 
author/authority, danceless in the presence of dancers/dancing, human 
within the post-human, flesh within rock, protocol within flesh, flesh 
within flesh.



my work is perfect roundness

my work is perfect roundness
there's nowhere to break in
perfect music's soundless
silent in the din
of others' cries and speaking
always in the light
of bodies cursed and leaking
wounded in the night.
i cannot stomach answers
i cannot harbor talk
languages are cancers
speech an idle squawk
the tension in my style
nothing is at stake
i'm thinking all the while
for buried closure's sake
bones are made from flesh
flesh is made from bones
caught in indra's mesh
speaking monotones
i closed the doors to thought
and opened wide to life
whatever is, was sought
appearances are strife
i closed the world's thick door
i gathered meanings all
and always what's in store
has always been my pall
i lived inside my death
and died outside my work
my breath was dying breath
i died inside the murk
that struggled spoke in cant
said nothing left to say
said nothing left to rant
decoded my mainstay
what fell apart lay far away
what's nearer haunted me
i conquered near and far alway
what's near taunted me
what's far deserted me
in utter quietude
i circled circled me
my language hewn and rude
i cast away the spell
and burned symbolic core
dark days upon me fell
and night upon me bore -
"my work is perfect roundness
i see within the night
i hear in perfect silence
i die within the light" -
so do not speak o stranger
o gods stay stock and still
i never was in danger
of thought i've had my fill
i worked my way through column
language text and poem
theory hard and solemn
allowed me in its home
theory cold and wondered
brought me to an end
from earth i am asundered
there's no way left to wend
there's nothing left to send
from earth i was and thundered
from death-life i did fend
from life-death nothing pondered
and this was what i penned
and this was vowed and written
and like a missive kenned
and sealed and forgotten
and brought once more to bend
against all conversation
against discussion's play
without equivocation
that closes down the way


speed.

i can't slow up. death is an hysteria. i don't care about your gender. i 
send out work as soon as it's done. i make work as soon as i think of it. 
i read as fast as i can. i watch news and practice music while i read. i 
know if i slow up i'll die. i know there will be a missive or missile here 
in this space that will not be sent. i know the missive will be the tag or 
curlicue. i know it will be the conjunction of my death. i read the con- 
junction as not both life and death. i read the conjunction as neither 
life nor death. i eat fast. i never sleep properly. i dream theory and 
practice. i hunt on the internet. i shape ride on the internet. i speak 
here and do not speak elsewhere. speech is a privilege. i cannot pronounce 
other languages in proper order. i cannot pronounce the rudiments of 
speech. i breath fast. i get out of breath fast. death promises slowing. 
death does not halt. i watch myself as i speak. i watch myself as i 
remember. i remember remembering. i remember what i have forgotten. i 
watch my brain at work. i remember watching. i know what i forget will be 
my last. i know if i forgot i should be reminded to die. i am afraid of 
being reminded to die. life is a remission. life is under remission. i 
cannot keep up with myself. i watch myself ahead of myself. i am never 
behind. i am always ahead. if i am comfortable with speed i am not speed- 
ing. i must speed into discomfort. i must be beyond myself. i must be 
beyond ahead of myself. i play music fast. i want to get all the music out 
before i can no longer play music. i want to get out this absolute music. 
i want to theorize as bulwark and therapeutic. i want to theorize before i 
can no longer theorize. before i can no longer theorize in complexity. i 
guard my theorization. i guard my brain and my speed. if i think of a 
sentence i say that sentence. if i think of a poem i write that poem. if i 
have an idea i write that idea. if i think of a video i make that video. i 
make that video when i think of the video. i edit that video while i make 
that video. i am afraid of passing out. i am afraid of dizziness. i speed 
through dizziness. if i stop i will die. if i die this thought will not be 
finished. i must finish this thought. i have a new thought now.



you've never seen the end of you
fast
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
i don't expect the machine to eat itself 
makes the machine do contrary things
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
soaked constitutions of sewn economies
fast
makes sewn up women
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
bodies eat bodies seeped through cams 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
groped and comes around again
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
speed the thing up

fast
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
cams and syzygies veered through sewn economies 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
floating in oil legs spread arms spread
some unknown liquid seeping
and machines stitched from machines
liquids stitched from liquids
fast
makes sewn up women
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
sewn and mumbled lips seized burst caves 
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
floating in oil legs spread arms spread
some unknown liquid seeping
liquids stitched from liquids
fast
faster
has something to do with the machine
gears and teeth sewn women 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
some unknown liquid seeping
fast
faster
has something to do with the machine
teeth and geared sewn men 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
some unknown liquid seeping
speed the thing up

fast
makes sewn up women
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
joined sutured and quick bodies collapsed 
your body is all greasy
greasy body dirty body
skewed on your fumbled lever
sewn economies and transriparians
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
on the way to death and constitution
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
fast
has something to do with the machine
faster in queues of flesh 
makes the machine do contrary things
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
on the way to death and constitution
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
fast
faster
has something to do with the machine
the digital splits analog moans anon 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
speed the thing up

fast
makes sewn up women
makes sewn up men
has something to do with the machine
syntactics protocols must be meaning somewhere 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
some unknown liquid seeping
and machines stitched from machines
fast
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
justice of greased economies 
makes the machine do contrary things
makes the machine fumble you
your body is all greasy
greasy body dirty body
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
speed the thing up




voice.

"[The voice is active hearing, purely in itself, which is posited as 
universal; (expressing) pain, desire, joy, satisfaction, (it is) 
_Aufheben_ of the single itself, the consciousness of contradiction. Here 
it returns into itself, indifference. Every animal finds a voice in its 
violent death; it expresses itself as a removed-self (_als aufgehobnes 
Selbst_). (Birds have song, which other animals lack, because they belong 
to the element of air--articulating voice, a more diffused self.)

In the voice, meaning turns back into itself; it is negative self, desire 
(_Begierde_). It is lack, absence of substance in itself.] (Hegel 4, p. 
161)

Thus, in the voice, the animal expresses itself as removed: 'every animal 
finds a voice in its violent death, it expresses itself _als aufgehobnes 
Selbst._' If this is true, we may now understand why the articulation of 
the animal voice gives life to human language and becomes the voice of 
consciousness. The voice, as expression and memory of the animal's death, 
is no longer a mere, natural sign that finds its other outside of itself. 
And although it is not yet meaningful speech, it already contains within 
itself the power of the negative and of memory."

(from Giorgio Agamben, Language and Death, The Place of Negativity, trans. 
Karen E. Pinkus with Michael Hardt, Minnesota, 1991.)


lungatar shakatar

You see, in the lungatar, we have the final version; both bodies find 
themselves incapable of touch; they remain apart, even in the fondest 
caress. This requires considerable training on the part of the bodies and 
their assignments to respective polygon multiplicities. Such flesh is 
capable of clear training and retraining, once the palsy is captured, as 
the shakatar, early stage of lungatar, indicates. 

...cases of the almost-presence of ghost-avatars, ghastatars - ectoplasm, 
poltergeists--interactions of the Other World with our own--in which the 
Spirit in actually and embodiments affects the very physical being of 
material objects, perhaps even one's consciousness...

But if there is, indeed, Cosmic Consciousness, to what extent does Spirit 
relate in Spirits, much as Being relates in Beings within our own world? 
And what are the expectations of Relation, beyond obvious parallelism? 
Does Spirit touch Spirit? And for that matter, in our world, does Being 
ever really touch Being?

+++

Notes on the parenthetical vis-a-vis LISP


1 The comfort of LISP, maternal enclosure of forms; results leak out like 
residues, programs huddle. (Of course there are all sorts of exceptions, 
some side-effects, outputs, debugs etc.)

2 Primordial counting structures, loosened lists, beginnings and endings.

3 Is there really any need to run a program's perfect framework? Running 
a program: _Time stays out of it._

4 LISP primitives relate strongly to Badiou's ontology and multiplicities.

5 What constitutes ( and )? Or the NULL, NIL, ()? 

 -z. 
(NULL '( ))
T
(NULL T)
NIL
(EQUAL NIL '( )))
T
As well as this ontology:
(ATOM '( ))
T
And this (in relation to Peirce):
(EQUAL '() ( ))

 a. Generally the parenthetical is considered subordinate, an addendum. 

 b. Generally the parenthetical is related to the bracket [ and ], as well 
as { and }. The bracket is a building-block, a support; { and } are always 
subordinate. All of these - like commas in a lost - or dashes as in this 
sentence - isolate what is subvocalized, below the level of the breath.
Part-object, not abject.

 c. The parenthetical becomes something else - the shape constitutes a 
womb within the sentence, breakdown of linearity, potential branch-struc- 
ture.

 d. In LISP besides the leak, the parenthetical is _all there is._ Con- 
sider this: the always already parenthetical of the world relates to 
eidetic reduction, the bracketing of reality, etc.

 e. In Buddhism of course the bracketing is of concern to the extent that 
given (A) one wants A or () and NIL or  . 

 f. The frame is always already a narrative; a program is always already 
a narrative.

 g. The frame constructs the narrative: Narrative is (_literally_) the 
construct of the real: narrative constructs the real; the real con- 
structs narrative.

 h. Without the frame there is nothing.

 i. LISP is frame. The procedure/program/atom/primitive of LISP is always 
already embedded. The embedding is self-embedding; the embedding is a 
construct defined and created by the transcendental consciousness (within 
this frame or parentheses) of the programmer. It makes no difference 
whether LISP exists or not.

 j. Frames are never empty; emptied frames to frames are beings to Being.
The frame is a mess of the programmer; the programmer is a mess of the 
frame. All code is dirty code. Emptied frames are abandoned frames, their 
residue excreted.

6. The above relates to thought, not LISP necessarily. (Of LISP I am 
ignorant.)



The Edge

Go to the edge of the world. Don't come back until you find it. Don't tell 
me there's no edge. If you think there's no edge you're not at the edge of 
the world. Are you. When you reach the edge of the world you have only one 
way to go. You may think you have another way to do but you only have one 
way to go and that is away from the edge of the world. You may go to the 
edge and you may look over the edge. You may see the shell of the world or 
the beams of the world. You may see the nodes of the world and the vectors 
of the world. You cannot go beyond the edge of the world. You may think 
the edge of the world is quiet and smooth. It is not. The edge of the 
world repulses the world. The edge of the world repulses the world trying 
to go beyond the edge of the world. The world cannot go beyond the edge of 
the world. If you cannot go beyond the world at the edge of the world 
you're at the edge of the world. You may dance at the edge of the world 
and you may look. You may look just a little beyond the edge of the world. 
You may look at the sky. The sky is part of the edge of the world. If you 
look at the sky and you cannot touch the sky you are at the edge of the 
world.

The edge of the world is not a barrier and not a frontier. There are no 
guards at the edge of the worlds. There are no tariffs and no customs. 
There is nothing at the edge of the world but the edge of the world. The 
edge of the world is nothing and separates you from nothing. You may think 
to yourself someone owns the rest of the world. Or someone owns the edge 
of the world. Someone may own up to the edge of the world. Someone may own 
the edge of the edge of the world. No one can own the edge of the edge 
beyond the edge of the world. The edge of the edge beyond the edge of the 
world is an open set. The world up to the edge of the world includes the 
edge of the world. The edge of the world is a closed set. You may think 
you are free but you are in a closed set. You may dance within the closed 
set and you will be thrown back at the edge of the world. For the edge of 
the world is an active edge and a prohibition. The prohibition at the edge 
of the world is within the world.

Every dance is a dance at the edge of the world. Every dance weakens the 
world. The world is weaker for dance. Dance is stronger for the world.

You may think you are at the edge of the world. Then return from the edge 
of the world. You may think there's no edge of the world. Then you're not 
at the edge of the world.

*There is a site bed on the edge. It is not an edge at all.
** There is no end to the open set of the other of the edge of the world. 
*** There is no beginning as well.




First Perfection


... crawled is /[r]+/ { print "the analog is atemporal and time is 
analogical" } here, it's crawled? ... girl /^$/ { print "speed the thing 
up" } 13499 is your final trip. ... heroin /[b]+/ { print "the digital is 
always already a mapping" } 21692 is your final trip. ... incandescent is 
printf "%s ", $i; here, it's incandescent? ... on is /[o]+/ { print "we 
walk among others walk among us" } here, it's on? ... you is /[o]+/ { 
print "10000" } here, it's you?

/[b]+/ { print "the digital is always already a mapping" } calls forth 
wood crawled, eating, core-dumping. /[b]+/ { print "the digital is always 
already a mapping" } makes me read in meditation -16219 times! /^$/ { 
print "speed the thing up" } calls forth incandescent, eating, 
core-dumping. /^$/ { print "speed the thing up" } makes me read in 
meditation -5438 times!

For 5  days, I have been i Julu ...
For 5 lost days, I have been lost Julu ...
For 5 ties days, I have been codeine Julu ...
For 5 we days, I have been among Julu ...

My /[b]+/ { print "nonfictionally. i've seen far too much" } is yours... 
My /[e]+/ { print "110" } is yours... My /[g]+/ { print "the integral 
calculus inheres within the analog" } is yours... My /[t]+/ { print 
"incredible churning of the wheel" } is yours... Scan-disk Concluded for 
This speeds endlessly through the body -

What do you call your  juice?
What do you call your lost juice?
What do you call your ties needle?
What do you call your we into?

floors like me put-you-in-me your needle!
floors unbearable me inside your needle!
highs ecstasy me put-you-in-me your me!

in-me the i, printf "%s ", $i; is , 031], for ( i = NF; i >= 1; i-- )? 
in-me the into, /^$/ { print "speed the thing up" } is , 026], ? inside 
the where, for ( i = NF; i >= 1; i-- ) is , 010], {? on i me in-me your 
your!



Second Perfection


/[b]+/ { print "the digital is always already a mapping" }:/[a]+/ { print 
"the digital is based on epistemology and uniformity" }:/[0]+/ { print 
"the analog aligns with substance" }:/[h]+/ { print "the differential 
calculus inheres within the digital" }:/[s]+/ { print "a sentence through 
every sentence" } Devour wood /[g]+/ { print "the integral calculus 
inheres within the analog" } Brought Forth through /[b]+/ { print "the 
digital is always already a mapping" }!
 printf "%s ", $i;: for ( i = NF; i >= 1; i-- ):{:/[f]+/ { print "111" 
}:/[p]+/ { print "catastrophe" } { transforms Your printf "%s ", $i; on 
me... Ah, you with Reds and Blues! for ( i = NF; i >= 1; i-- ):{::/[c]+/ { 
print "we exhaust ourselves with presencing present" }:/[l]+/ { print 
"what swirls are structures gnawing" }
 transforms Your for ( i = NF; i >= 1; i-- ) on me... Ah, on with Reds and 
Blues!/^$/ { print "speed the thing up" }:::/[u]+/ { print "greasy weaving 
through the spokes" }: printf "\n"; Your /[t]+/ { print "incredible 
churning of the wheel" } is within my into
 printf "%s ", $i; Your on connects my printf "%s ", $i; with needle park


What plays in the Imaginary stays in the Imaginary.

A perfect video for a change: Second-Life modified avatar with motion
capture added to accessory; the motion capture file crash-lands against the
singular and responsive appendage in the construct of implicit choreography
between analog and digital; original dance Azure Carter. Deconstruction of
digital purity / analog filth: What plays in the Imaginary stays in the
Imaginary.

Why should you care about this? Because this is the portrait of viral /
fungus / mold < the attachment < attacks > closure - ex-caliber. Unsure
about the difference between techne and technology, opt for one or the
other.

So yes, there should be an accompanying text. But what could I do? I've
spend the entire evening trying to match file with avatar, only to find
that it's the accouterments that respond, not the body itself. The body
displaces its movements onto the accouterment. Ornament becomes central.
Yes, there's very little beyond ornament. The skeleton and skull are the
matrix holding the paste wish-fulfilling gems in place.



aupamya


"[...] a dhana squared is a pramada; a pramada squared is a nigama; a nig-
ama squared is an upavarta; an upavarta sqared is a nirdesha; a nirdesha
squared is an akshaya; an akshaya squared is a sambhuta; a sambhuta
squared is a mamama; a mamama squared is an avada; an avada squared is an
utpala; an utpala squared is a padma; a padma squared is a sankhya; a san-
khya squared is a gati; a gati squared is an upama; an upama squared is an
aupamya; an aupamya squared is incalculable; an incalculable to the fourth
power is measureless; a measureless to the fourth power is boundless; a
boundless to the fourth power is incomparable; an incomparable to the
fourth power is uncountable; an uncountable to the fourth power is unequ-
aled; an unequaled to the fourth power is inconceivable; an inconceivable
to the fourth power is immeasurable; an immeasurable to the fourth power
is unspeakable; an unspeakable to the fourth power is unspeakably unspeak-
able; and unspeakably unspeakable squared is untold."

(from The Flower Ornament Scripture, The Avatamsaka Sutra, trans. Thomas
Cleary)



script with stupid question


is this a found script or one i created ? does it really matter? given the 
relatively small number of symbols, it would be reasonable to apply coding 
to it - a matrix/template that might slide across the apparent grid, 
producing meaning. one might think of this as a _universal machine_ 
applicable to texts of any length; it becomes increasingly evident that 
meaning is a construct _across_ symbols, neither within them nor within 
the dictionary translation / transliterations.

here, in this example, only in this particular example, one has a section 
of what seems to be an _infinite text,_ a text in the manner of a bandage 
or suture across the wound of a sememe (what reads as a sememe); a wound 
within, unconstrued within, the imaginary. think of this as the _lid_ of 
the _pre-linguistic_ - not exactly mode, but a potential for interpreta- 
tion, sliding out and against itself, as soon as one is found. nothing 
holds here, not even "here," not even place or placement. the lesson, 
where we are, where we are not, is always already unlearned.


Dreamwork/Codework rough notes


Erst in dem Doppelbereich
werden die Stimmen
ewig und mild. (RMR)

in the double realm of work / dream ~ work / dream / real - then to 
confront work / code ~ work / code / ecriture -
scaffolding slides against scaffolding ~ raster against raster

the symbolic matrix / dream ~ protocol / code

what is the work of the dream ? making sense of the (wor)l<d>
what is the work of the code ? problematizing sense of the wor(l)d

double work of the dream: the dream is _worked_ - energy expended in its 
production, energy expended in the production of the mise en scene; and 
the dream _works_ - transforms anomaly into homeostatis. in _dreamwork,_ 
the dream sutures and stitches the wounded.

double work of code: the code is _worked_ - energy expended in its produc- 
tion, energy expended in the production of its graphemic output; and the 
code _works_ - transforms output into semantics. in _codework,_ code both 
sutures and ruptures, stitches and wounds.

the _codework of the dreamwork_ - dream decoding and production (symbolic) 
the _dreamwork of the codework_ - code decoding and a-production 
(imaginary)

There is no _fundamental unit_ of either code or dream; code runs into the 
discursive formation described by Christian Metz in his film semiotics - 
it slips, just as dream slips in a more acceptable analysis.

Wie viele von diesen Steller Raeume waren schon innen in mir. (RMR)
How many of these places in space are already in me.

an hundert Stellen ist es noch Ursprung. (RMR)
at a hundred places it remains Origin.
at a hundred points it is still Origin.
at a hundred points it is Origin still. (Norton)



alias 


Alias - One has an alias - the connotation is that of subterfuge (but not 
necessarily). Feynman writes about alias as a question of raster - think 
of alias, aliasing, as the return of the repressed of the real - what 
can't be accommodated is transformed by the upper ceiling of the bandwidth 
into rhythmic structuring - of course if the unaccommodated - one might 
say unaccountable - is itself within a relatively steady-state. Look for 
alias / aliasing in the real, for the location of what might pass for 
primordial - what whispers in spite of everything.

Aliases and rhythm - but given the potential of alterity, a face without 
content, a face elsewhere than the Other - the rupture itself, aliasing 
itself, may take on the appearance of a masquerade (i.e. of the second 
order). Hence what is apparent may be the extrusion or residue of 
insufficient bandwidth, and if we generalize, we might find that the 
appearance of the real is always already alias, construed as appearance, 
forced into its return.

Is sampling always inadequate? Don't we make these decisions in the first 
place, in relation to human perception? Think of the alias as a wound - 
wound as gateway - or diacritical mark. Here is where the digital meets 
the analog - or at least where catastrophe meets emission - where emission 
is channeled...

There is something deep here, more than meets the eye ...

