=


The gods.


You have heard the tales of white birds, wings from dawn to dusk.
They fill the sky with translucence, muffle the shape of clouds.
Their cries gave someone the idea of language and mourning.
The utterance of the first word, 'inconceivable.'

The bittern knows the gods.

Tonight the gods will descend upon the earth.
They will sink into the earth, but only so much into the earth.
Sinking as if the soil were damp or marsh, unable to cope.
Unable to cope with so much deity, nonetheless resistant.
All gods are jagged gods and all gods are desperate.
All gods are the shifters in language of the second person.
Gods create the third person from the second person.
And beyond the third, a fourth, and beyond a fourth, the fifth.
Once the gods are created they are released.
That is one of the definitions of the gods. 
The gods descend like rain into meadows and wild fields.
Fields lain fallow or fields of unspoken appearance beneath glacier and 
stream.
Planted, their root systems are shallow, winds will trample them.
Storms will weigh them down with the pleasure and fecundity of water. 
It is the incoherency of the gods that is their definitions.
What is released is incoherent, what is coherent is framed, what lies 
between them is aliased.
The aliasing of the gods is the jagged of the gods and the names of the 
gods, who abjure names.
The punishment of naming names, the punishment of names.
Like sea oats like ocotillo like willows like quaking aspen, 
slight movements of the gods shimmer the murmurs of the worlds.
Gods are worlds, are incoherent worlds, every definition a definition 
of the gods.
They come in winter. They reside.
Tonight the gods descend upon the earth.
They descend into the soft earth, they sink into the soft earth.
They are invisible to us, we are invisible to them.
The slightest impressions as they bend, move silently, the slightest 
sounds, their murmuring.
All gods are smoothed, all gods are filled with the quietude of rustlings, 
unfathomable beauty, mist at dawn, the vertical.


Heidegger's Hut

poised among the fourfold, the lure of new man, new development, and 
yet... closer to fourfold, among uncounted elements, unaccounted-for. for 
often I have approached this live or in dream to little avail; I would 
wait for clearing weather, for the world to happen, for technology to 
disappear at the base. Heidegger remains there above his troubled 
politics, of which there is no counting-four; we are close to hearth, we 
are embers among the dying worlds. Soon the snows will melt, glaciers 
disappear; the hut stays on a lure, overlooking resettled life, spaces a 
thousand kilometers long, an empyrean high. I cannot imagine a world such 
as this, life in hut corner, close to warmth, old wooden bench and bed, 
columnar spirit emerging to heavens' other worlds. We live in imaginary 
solace, his hut our own, released to the elements and beyond, transformed. 
There is no journey in the journey, no dream in the dream. One has life 
only for so much sorrow. Glow remains the last of our eyes. Hearth warms, 
beyond.


aliasing i ii i

what happens when the real is aliased, when the shifted world shifts 
shifters against its shifty self. yes for the punning, but the bones are 
there beneath the surface. what occurs within the digital never stays 
within the digital; what occurs within the analog stays within the analog.
this is silent film.

when continuum devolves into segments, aliasing ii: the world stutters and 
re-stutters; nothing is visibile; eyes squint to make sense of it all. 
what happens in the analog stays in the analog; good luck with seeing the 
real.


two stories

1

tomorrow-more-yet. kill-die kill-die. ground-belong-you-me. pigeon feel-
no-good wails place-play. about-about house-marry whose-that place-down
place-down. taboo all-time. all-time no-like knife-screw screw-one-time.
screw-one-time make-die dirty-too-much. bone bone. skin count-out come-up
hang-up. long-long boss-boy. hot-work cock i-think. i-think half-half play
whose-that. heart-jesus come-up. back-down-below big-town talk-box talk-
box. look-out-long. long-long-man. not-enough. come-down count-out. fall-
about walk-about down-below shark-man place-play sick-house screw-long
kill. pussy-pussy snake-about good-time wishes long-time. house-sick you-
me house-ghost fool-man boy boss-boy kill nothing long-time little-doctor
fool-man. go-up work-night. ask. greasing. ask short-sweet-lemon ground-
belong-you-me hang-up gold-money tomorrow- more-yet fall-about. not-enough
long-long-man look-out-long come-down... heart-jesus. look-out push-me
make boy. house-sick. think-think day-long mercy-mercy house-ghost. long
round-wind sit-house how's-that how's-that. wails. pass-one-time loose.
come-down. belong how-much nancy bulk-store lose mama knife-screw. cunt.
long-long. long. day-long. work-night hot-work. gold-money. no-can
bulk-store. black-cockatoo loose cunt lose. black-cockatoo. some-kind
get-belly night nancy. know-talk round-wind. marry good-time. ring-belong-
ear. no-like. talk-wind greasing short-sweet-lemon. wild-man sit-house.
play. bottle-water dirty-too-much box greasing.. push-me. pussy-pussy.
look-out. down-below. what's-the-matter box. you-me. know-talk. ring-be-
long-ear skin. some-kind. night. marry. talk-wind. shark-man. get-belly.
half-half.

2

ground-belong-you-me work-night. big-town half-half come-down he talk-box
talk-box. count-out. some-kind get-belly black-cockatoo. black-cockatoo
no-can loose long. day-long. cunt work-night good-time. all-time no-like
place-down. make-die screw-one-time know-talk night nancy. no-like. talk-
wind ask. short-sweet-lemon go-up long-time greasing. about-about wails
tomorrow-more-yet. place-play. place-down ground-belong-you-me. feel-no-
good whose-that all-time. screw-one-time. taboo house-marry kill-die cock
dirty-too-much. place-play long-long-man. fall-about sick-house down-below
shark-man kill-die. half-half. back-down-below hot-work. night. talk-wind.
marry. ask heart-jesus come-down. bulk-store come-up. whose-that. i-think.
skin cunt. mama how-much heart-jesus. come-down... hot-work i-think play
hang-up. bone. bone long-long count-out look-out-long belong lose. snake-
about walk-about she good-time kill house-sick long-time. kill. one-time
you-me house-ghost fool-man look-out-long. little-doctor boss-boy fool- man.
look-out round-wind. they sit-house. bottle-water greasing.. box play.
look-out. your not-enough short-sweet-lemon. look wails. not-enough.
pussy-pussy dirty-too-much pigeon wishes some-kind. box. ring-be-long-ear
get-belly. you-me. what's-the-matter you knife-screw lose knife-screw.
loose. round-wind long pass-one-time boss-boy. come-up skin. make day-long
think-think nothing tomorrow-more-yet wild-man gold-money hang-up gold-
money. fall-about. house-sick. long-long-man long-long. greasing mercy-
mercy nancy bulk-store. how's-that. sit-house ring-belong-ear. marry
shark-man. know-talk. push-me how's-that down-below. house-ghost. screw-
long push-me. pussy-pussy. boy boy.


+++

Ship and Bell


"We therefore infer that the _effects of different permanent disturbing 
forces acting under similar conditions on the same coordinate are not 
simply proportional to their respective magnitudes but depend on their 
periods."

"We therefore infer that _a disturbing force whose period and real expo- 
nential are nearly the same as those of any one free vibration produces a 
large forced vibration._"

"We conclude that _one effect of the resistances on a disturbing permanent 
force, which would otherwise produce a magnified forced oscillation, is to 
modify that oscillation and to keep it within bounds._"

"In the same way _heavy church bells_ can _be easily set in motion_ pro- 
vided the pulls are properly timed. To increase the oscillation each rope 
should be pulled only when it is descending. A large heavy ship can be 
made to roll, when its natural time of oscillation is required, by running 
a gang of men to and fro across the deck at the proper time; the men run 
uphill."

(from Advanced Dynamics of a System of Rigid Bodies, Edward John Routh)

But if the men run uphill, surely the oscillation will ultimately be 
damped since their effect in total would be to reduce the roll? Or does 
the natural time depend on the minimization of the roll? Suppose on the 
other hand the men run to and fro at the proper time - running downhill. 
Then the oscillations will possibly increase as energy is added on the 
downswing. With the descent of the bell, a pull raises it further, 
increasing the potential energy. With the rolling of the ship, potential 
energy is increased as the men running downward add to the slope. However 
if upon running downward, the ship is rising, then the damping effect 
might slow the rising of the ship, just as, if running upward, the ship is 
sinking (sloping downward), the running will become first flat, then down- 
ward, carrying the energy downward and pulling the roll. If the roll is 
pushed, the roll is damped, if the men are running upward; if the roll is 
pulled, the roll increases, if the men are running downward. The men run 
first upward, then level, then downward, or first downward, then level, 
then upward. Perhaps damping in the second case, increasing in the second. 
Suppose the men _always_ run upward, then as the ship levels, the men stop 
running; as it continues downward, the men turn around and run upward; the 
damping is doubled. Suppose the men _always_ run downward, then as the 
ship levels, the men stop running; as it continues upward, the men turn 
around and run downward, the increase is doubled. By "doubled" one means 
the force is applied twice on the swing, depending on the tilt of the 
ship. In both cases, of the bell and the ship, gravity is paramount; one 
runs or pulls against it, or one runs towards it, in which case pull is 
impossible; however, a second cord might in fact pull the bell in an 
opposite direction, just as the men might jostle from one side of the ship 
to the other. Is this resonance, or the orders given to men, the acts of 
men? The men follow the pull and push of the bell, slope of the deck of 
the ship; there is no natural swing or pull here, only culture, commands, 
actions in unison. The ship stops rolling or rolls over; the bell stops 
ringing or turns full on its pivot. In any case, the dynamics are both 
evident and peculiar; the men must experiment, over and over again, to 
find the proper resonance, response. It is a difficult problem, settled 
only in church, on the high seas, even though the dynamics are evident.


erhu

the digital is sublime, infinite {avatars are backed, at the back of 
infinite space}

digital {0,1} constitutes a spectrum degree zero; if one is below, 0
is above; if 0 is below, 1 is above. since nothing exists between one
and the other, nothing from one is attainable by the other; one and
the other are mutually sublime. the backs of avatars are against the
wall of digital space; there's nowhere left to go.

understand this and you understand the phenomenology of the digital-
in-relation, the analog-in-relation.



Hell, 1930

documents what happens when two dancers complete the "octopus dance" - 
long a traditional Switzerland favorite - dangerously close to a cliff 
edge overlooking the famed Aletsch Glacier. Oh they dance, fine enough, 
but what would happen if the bluff gave way, the mesa shifted, cliff 
collapsed? Buried under tons of rubble, jammed into crevice after crevice, 
Swiss culture would be the poorer. Let us give these stellar performers 
their due, their magnificent bodies carrying the hallmarks of their trade. 
Dance is close to prostitution, but since the Swiss government lavishly 
spends on the country's cultural heritage, these two have been rescued 
from a life of unbelievable perdition. Appalause for these dancers, who 
continued in spite of all the obstacles life's thorny path has thrown into 
their way. Too bad the woman has left the profession, such as it is, 
departed for parts unknown, to start a new life far from Alpine pastures. 
Here, then, the remarkable, almost aerial, duets from two of the most 
remarkable dancer in recent memory! http://www.asondheim.org/hell.mov

Foofwa - This is an open letter of sorts. I've been working with materials 
from Geneva for over two months now, not including the third trip itself. 
In the irreality of the image - an image the opposite of the punctum, an 
image surrounded by an imaginary gnawing at the surface content - I've 
lost myself, almost become sick. Distance in time and distance in space 
are both inherently obdurate, unbreachable; there are no jump cuts in the 
real, and if I've made an error in video for example, it remains an error, 
cut off from the source. It's not only the affaire-Maud (aM forthwith), 
but the very notion that such affaires now, are at a distance; they are a 
constancy. The Alps, the Aletsch glacier, retreat into the format of a 
picture book, and with every step of that retreat, something is lost 
within the haptic; touch has disappeared, replaced by "communication" 
which already foreshadows the permanency of distance. 

There is something else, however, which is the defuge or decathecting, 
which began with aM but continued as time advanced. Every video I made 
with the Geneva or Alps material involved a yanking-back; I couldn't 
return to the measure of the real, for example, that the four of us most 
likely felt in the grange. This relates to memory in general - in this 
case, differentiated (in the sense of a formal operation upon internal 
time consciousness) and exacerbated; to crawl back would be to be torn to 
shreds upon the spikes of events, words, adjectives, vowels. Yet it has 
been a long time since I've been so close to the bone with a subject, in 
particular one so close itself to the sublime.

I'm tired of naked bodies and after aM, they become a kind of litter 
reminiscent of war. And all the movements such bodies might made, from 
falling and failing to flying and fleeing - spanning the continuum from 
suicide to death - just so - not tiredness, no, certainly not arousal, not 
disinterest - perhaps the flight of something which never really 
approached. Day after day I've looked through image after image, tape 
after tape, as if some secret would arise through special effects of even 
juxtaposition; what occurred instead was an internal mapping of every step 
all of us took physically and psychologically through that, and every 
other, landscape.

Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every landscape, a 
landscape of death. Hannibal's elephants haunt the Alps. Where nothing 
lives always has fuzzy boundaries where the limited exigencies of life are 
contested. I think of the unholy matri-patrimony of aM and what it has led 
to, almost a denial that only Rilke was capable of. Actually climbing to 
the bluff, the church, the grave, seems an impossible memory now, as if I 
have robbed the experience of another. Memories always teeter on the verge 
of recognition.

So this is to say, and not to say, that the work from Geneva and the Alps 
has entered a period of dormancy, one with an almost-consciousness of 
waiting. The rocks still gnaw at me; I think of the possibility of climb- 
ing between the twin peaks near La Gruyere. That would be an _episode._

So the work continues, wide-awake, and has entered a period of illustra- 
tion, as time distances and we become increasingly disinvested of psycho- 
logical trauma, if not of psycho-history itself. I manipulate images of a 
woman I don't know, have never known, among motions and images of the rest 
of us. That this would lead back to Aletsch, through Blatten to Belalp, is 
both a dream and an obsession. And we would be there in this false spring, 
when the world supports clear skies and a kind of moody warmth that 
appears after great exertion. And that one or another would be furiously 
creating. And that that, would be that.



My Best Times and Best Writing! At least I think so... :-(

Sometimes supreme happiness comes my way as a fold or potential field 
opening up vast possibilities and new horizons. All these languages that 
grace my shelves! Fijian, Tahitian, Tibetan, Pali, Sanskrit, Romansch - 
the world blooms with new grammars, new structures for organizing the 
universe acoustically! Now I also play the erhu, some simple north- 
Saharan-like repetitive trance-songs - and harmonicas (I just read a poem 
which included a "mouth-organ" in The Ladies' Home Journal Treasury from 
1956 - I've mentioned this book before, there's even a reproduction of a 
cover by Sargent! And the harmonic minor (C minor) harp from Lee Oskar is 
fantastic! I walk down the street making up Yiddish tunes as I go. And 
speaking of which - yes, on the short-wave, or upper middle-wave, around 
1700, there's Rebs galore, what seems to be a Chassidic station in Yiddish 
and Hebrew - and the tunes are fantastic. I just installed a very old 
version of Final Cut Pro on my Mac Powerbook, and here it is, burning 
madly away, a new piece - it can take it's time, I have other machines, 
I'm rattling away on this new laptop which I need for my also new class in 
Beginning Filmmaking at Brown! This was through Leslie Thornton - the 
class emphasizes digital everything except the camera - in a way it's the 
phenomenology of film itself that's at stake! Here's a frame - what do 
you want to do with it? The Flower Ornament Sutra keeps my busy at night - 
and there are so many wonderful books here - Roberto Harrison's writings 
are nothing short of incredible, intense, abstracted, neuro-psychological, 
what does that mean?, slightly conceptualized, veering, always fascinating 
- and one can always go back to Kristeva's Language, The Unknown - how 
young she was then! - which reminds me of my continuous mourning-the-Alps 
and that never to be reproduced / revisited trip which produced probably 
fifteen or twenty hours of brilliant dance, video, soundwork, even just 
pacing the middle of the European continent, such as it is. And then that 
unforeseen trip to Rilke's grave in Raron - and the Duino, the Orpheus, 
the letters to Merline, and now Erich Heller's The Disinherited Mind, 
which I can always recommend as an old friend - here I am on the chapter 
about Nietzsche and Rilke! Not really a small world - I've been look for 
commentary - it just came along! Just as the wonderful O'Reilly book on 
Unicode - I mean really really wonderful! arrived after Sandy told me 
about it - I ordered a review copy - it's just the thing of course for 
codeworkers or anyone wanting to understand the potential of the graphemic 
universe transformed into universals given this-and-that tolerance class 
and an always already limited digital space! It's sitting right next to 
another review copy - this is PC Music, the easy guide, 3rd edition - and 
here I am on the Mac, making new video and audio, and on an old Mac! But 
this is what I found for the PC - something called the Taksi Desktop Video 
Recorder at Source Forge which promises great things, translating window 
into usable footage - as if video were still "footage" - one can imagine 
of course that 24 frames a second really implies these rectangles moving 
by us one by one - this is far from the truth now. It's all internal, it 
can be any way one wants! Unlike Badiou - and I have so much Badiou - and 
it reads like stringent iron, that truth that binds just about everything 
and then of course veers off into poetry and art - the French are like 
that - I think Kristeva's one of the best, not to mention M. Derrida. More 
and more I've been listening to disembodied voices on the shortwave - not 
the Net - which is so flat, so predictable - shortwave space - radio space 
- is deep space, the deepest space - you might or might not hear a signal 
- signals and stations come and go - static of all sorts intervenes - 
static itself is interesting - and listen to this! I picked up a numbers 
station a couple of nights ago - the same comforting female voice, Spanish 
numbers - even around the same place on the dial - about 6800 Mhz - that 
seems to be like a singles bar for spies - anyone can join in - the code's 
unbreakable of course, which just goes to show what one-to-one encryption 
can do - I mean both ends have the same code book - there's no structure, 
no rhyme or reason - you can't break a structureless code unless you've 
got the book or massive processing - and if the book's unique, even that - 
the processing - produces nothing. So you're listening to clear imperv- 
iousness. The other night, our cat got really sick - for the first time we 
sprayed for the larger cockroaches - I hate killing, but they were begin- 
ning to swarm - when they were injured, we put them outside, praying for 
their revival, karma, just elsewhere - anyway I think the cat caught 
something or other - not sure - but she became lethargic, drinking a lot - 
there was vomit and diarrhea - she's recovered well now and again purrs 
constantly which keeps us going; there are odd words in Sanskrit that 
relate to English words like 'middle' or 'calculator' - some languages 
from our parochial viewpoint just seem to meander - meanwhile that first 
video I did tonight - it was horrifying! apocalyptic! - as if sex and 
violence and death and suicide were all entangled in the television image 
- and this in less than a minute and a half - I don't dare show it! It's 
far too graphic, too disturbing! At least for me - something like the 
avatar head pieces I did a while ago - but those were excusable! They went 
somewhere, said something! - This is just a dead-end piece; I found Waite 
and Dion Fortune on the Kabbalah - ok, I've read the real thing, the 
Zohar, know some Hebrew, used to know a bit about the Sephirot and for 
that matter used to know some Kabbalists - I mean people who really 
studied this stuff, obviously in the original, reminds me of Dogen - 
anyway - the Waite and Fortune are something else entirely - it's that 
weird British thing that sent ladies to ashrams - maybe the thing Koestler 
objected to in The Lotus and the Robot - just checked - the new video came 
out amazing - by which I mean that I've never seen anything like it - 
that's what keeps me going - when a world opens up like that - so I've 
been trading off books, paring them down - unfortunately there's more 
equipment around - I can't help that - without money, with all this stuff, 
we'll still starve - but the image will be ok. I'm one of those people 
with "irons in the fire"! I'm a "hot potato"!  I've got "something on my 
mind"! I'm forever planning, forever Amber! I've been using the linux 
Zaurus 5600 again - it's fairly old as these things go now - small computer 
looking like a PDA - but with linux, one can do anything! Speed means 
something completely different in linux! Anyway I'm playing scrabble games 
and wondering if they somehow do increase neural connectivities - I sure 
hope so! PJ O'Rourke was on television today, a three-hour interview - it 
was fantastic, memories of Hunter Thompson - they were close - said that 
Hunter never figured it out - what to do after 50 - and collapsed - anyway 
didn't that whole period collapse? I saw Bobby Seale talking as well and 
got Soul on Ice again - just the force of language then - it's already 
going to read like history, flattened into non-existence - look at Marx's 
Capital or the theses or manifesto or whatever - it all reads like a 
whisper - that's happening to the Situationists - culture speeds - the way 
we're working now - all this distributivity - it's impossible to relate to 
modernism, I mean the telephone, old-time baseball, network television, 
the structure of Shakespeare or Hemingway. You can feel the canons passing 
in the night! When the caissons go rolling along! It's true what they say 
- it's all over before it began - this species - our own - is in full 
bloom - I mean in the technical sense - we're the red tide of the planet 
itself! Look at the deaths we leave in our wake! Look at the wakes we 
don't have for our dead! Who has the time! Hundreds of thousands dead in 
Iraq - no time - it's the killing fields - American men and women - the 
remnants of the anthem - I hope I can trade some of my cassettes to Steve 
Tobin who produced my latest CD - I'm remembering things like the Factory 
stuff or Sleep Chamber - just like Ayler but maybe fifteen or twenty years 
later than Ayler - there's some kind of absolute there - it's gone now - 
you'd think when things reach some sort of climax - Daniel Buren say - 
stuff's all over - but the truth is, people like to look at stuff and 
listen to stuff and it doesn't really matter whether it's been done before 
or not - it's the wonder of the world that's coming through to them, just 
like with the shortwave, and with all of the noise of the shortwave as 
well. I'm trying to place Grotowski - his poor theater in all senses of 
the word ended up at Irvine where he's world-famous - why not? That 
Artaud-like anguish seems to have vanished in favor of memory, but what do 
I know - I never knew in the first place. People are afraid of sexual work 
- it remains some kind of taint - what the three of us did at the Grutli 
set up disturbances a couple of magnitudes greater - how to release the 
tape - Crepuscule (Twilight) or some such - I can never remember plurals - 
for example it's Gruyeres for the area, but it's La Gruyere for the town - 
the cheese is incredible; they use robots similar to the new library ones 
but in the cheese factory they turn over I think seventy-five pound disks 
of the stuff for perfect aging. And it does age perfectly! Gruyere cheese 
or raclet cheese are amazing! I'm sure my spelling's a mess again. I never 
listen to cultural-political writers unless they're in power. All that 
energy in a posteriori analysis. I need someone to say - the bomb's going 
off in maybe an hour from now, here's the address, the people that did it, 
the reasons why, etc. etc. - and really have this down - not someone from 
the group itself - although that would be interesting - yes, maybe that - 
all this sudden speculation on/about Islam - our country isn't even pub- 
escent - there's not that much sex! - We're like infants with guns! - You 
know what a mess that is - even our speech is brutal - we're so drunk with 
brutality we don't recognize it - it's not in front of us, or what we 
swallow - it's our essence, it's our core, our primatology - and for that 
matter everyone else's - but the power and the waste is here. I've got to 
get the small Afghani rebab strung up - try ukelele strings? - one of the 
catgut broke - if my hearing were better in terms of native pitch, the 
erhu would be a piece of cake - it's not, but the rebab at least has three 
frets - not much to go on, but something. The ceiling crack in our loft 
has been widening; the beams might be broken and among other nightmares I 
imagine the whole thing collapsing. We've got a metering device on them.




Moving Her Body in Her Second Life

Today I revisited Second Life and gave new Life to my Avatar and now Her 
Body moves just like I would move if I had a File called God.

God makes Dojoji move and God infuses Her with Life new-born, glorious 
Life, lovely in Conception and Deed. I cannot say enough about Her 
Appearance, but it will remain with me until the Rapture, when she will 
lead the Procession of Salvation, Holiest among the Holy, Saved among the 
Saved, New-Born among the New-Born.

Yes, and Delicious with the Sweetness of the Nectar of the Lord. I would 
love Her Strong, were it not for my Love of God; I would worship Her, were 
it not for Strong Salvation. She shall Ascend to the Holy of Holies; She 
will draw me up; I will not be far behind. For She accords me the Grace of 
Creation, just as I accord her the Wager of Sin.

Together we shudder at the very Sight of the Eternal, We Love each Other 
so very much!



My Promise to You

1. Rearrangement

No 
Sex

The do promise sex of again. no I sex. will I not will have not nudity do 
The sex promise again. of have will nudity not again mention in body my 
parts texts. again. mention perfect body again parts in be will perfect 
not newborn characterize characterize I men will or be women newborn 
sexual will violence not activity will work. again masturbation again work 
in and my intercourse swamped am will swamped not with have attention 
intercourse given sex, to nudity, the body sex, parts, nudity, sexual 
parts, sexual violence, given activity, the masturbation, work. exhausted 
masturbation, by and televised motion motion sex, picture photographed 
photographed dreamed dreamed by spoken may poetics with may and dance sex, 
dance-video not images dance-video violence. I never have done will 
frightened am encounters strangers. strangers. am meetings unaccustomed 
unaccustomed with space. write write lonely lonely space. place, I 
forsaken will places, not ruined Ruins places. do Ruins not tired am being 
of misunderstood. playing playing tired misunderstood am boohoo tired 
little of boy. being boy boy. who of does being good. misogynist 
misogynist no burns I at tired stake, stake, erects stake, children tired 
stake. organs dumb children organs at description stake. organs. write 
politics and without politics words without actions will that learn learn 
never forgiven. will go I on. will film sight sound to sight to dance.

2. My Promise

No Sex

The promise of no sex. I will not do sex again. I will not have nudity 
again in my texts. I will not mention body parts again. I will be perfect 
again. I will be newborn again. I will not characterize men or women 
again. I will not have sexual violence again in my texts. I will not have 
sexual activity again in my work. I will not have masturbation again in my 
work and will not have intercourse in my work. I am swamped with attention 
given to the sex, nudity, body parts, sexual violence, sexual activity, 
masturbation, and intercourse in my work. I am exhausted by sex. I am 
exhausted by televised sex, motion picture sex, photographed sex, dreamed 
sex, spoken sex, poetics of sex. I may work with dance and sex and 
dance-video and sex. I will not work with images of sexual violence. I 
will not do sexual violence. I have never done sexual violence. I have 
never done violence. I am frightened of violence. I am frightened by 
encounters with strangers. I am frightened of meetings in unaccustomed 
space. I will not write of violence in lonely place, forsaken places, 
ruined places. Ruins write my texts. Ruins do not write sex, do not write 
sexual violence. I am tired of being misunderstood. I am tired of playing 
the misunderstood boohoo little boy. I am tired of being the little boy 
who does no good. I am tired of being the misogynist who burns women at 
the stake, who burns men at the stake, who erects the stake, who burns 
children at the stake. I am tired of dumb organs and description of dumb 
organs. I will write politics without sex and politics without sexual 
violence and politics without sexual words and politics without words or 
actions that may be misunderstood. I will learn to be good. I will never 
be forgiven. I will learn to go on. I will learn to write again. I will 
learn to film again. I will learn sound and sight again. I will learn to 
dance.


VirtualBody

This is the final solution of the virtual body, the solution down to the 
bone where the flesh is irrelevant, the muscular body of atrophied 
muscles, the wired body switched off, the wired body switched on - this is 
the perfect perfected pure virtual body, the aerial body of antenna and 
ground

this is the shattered body, body shattered against itself, body of songs 
and delights, unspeaking and unspeakable body

it might be said that sex, for me, was only a detour, that this body has 
been the construct-construction of years - the rendering of these few 
moments left (of the shattered body, the final solution) taking only a 
matter of twenty hours or twelve-hundred minutes for perfect production, 
frame by frame, image by image, the coalescence of nature-culture like 
none other, the immanent shattered by the imminent

only the necessity of knowing the absence of sex and all desire, the 
useless remnant of violence crawling out of our civilization - only this 
necessity is a reminder of the interior of pollution incohering, stripped 
from life and limb, corpuscule and tissue

nothing is in favor of the light 'here,' nothing is 'here' nor was nor 
would have been (nothing exemplary anyway)

The Text of the Procurer:

:lives always has fuzzy boundaries where the limited exigencies of life 
are:landscape of death. Hannibal's elephants haunt the Alps. Where 
nothing:Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every 
landscape, a:have robbed the experience of another. Memories always teeter 
on the verge:to, almost a denial that only Rilke was capable of. Actually 
climbing to:

Devour the bluff, the church, the grave, seems an impossible memory now, 
as if I Brought Forth through lives always has fuzzy boundaries where the 
limited exigencies of life are!

landscape of death. 
nothing 
the haunted. of landscape, the landscape of death.
where nothing of the landscape of death.
where nothing lives and nothing is the landscape of death.

The Recognition. 
slaughter.verge.
the saturation. the dead-sex link with death and pain.
the dead linkage.


virtual body vb
it made it up for a while I think - the same as the 48 meg but even more 
compressed.
look at the previous text for a description.
tools used were luma and chroma keying (both positive and negative), 
positive and negative video echo, displaced overlays, expanded time, 
hue shift, brightness/contrast changes, saturation changes. it took 
far too long. i wanted the image to 'keep' through the changes but 
lose the body and sexuality; i wanted the dance-movement of the wires,
the body shattered; i wanted a lot of things that might not have 
happened; i still want a lot of things that won't ever happen. boohoo
i'm so sad for me
virtualbody @
as long as it lasts, as long as they let it up

if you haven't seen some of the other vids, check them out, they're short



the session of creation

[Alan Sondheim joined the session]
[Alan Sondheim started recording]
Alan Sondheim: Listening to this session for the echo in the room. 
16-Jan-2007 16:15:14 GMT
Alan Sondheim: "Recording this session" "Listening to this session" 
16-Jan-2007 16:15:25 GMT
Alan Sondheim: I remember when I used to write into the void,
there were great hollows, condors, sublime worlds beyond worlds 
16-Jan-2007 16:16:18 GMT
Alan Sondheim: And because the worlds were beyond worlds, because of this, 
there were worlds invisible, worlds hidden by the truths of others. 
16-Jan-2007 16:16:47 GMT
Alan Sondheim: They recorded only as echoes, they sounded only as echoes. 
16-Jan-2007 16:17:04 GMT
Alan Sondheim: That was the beginning of appearance, that was the ending 
of dreams. 
16-Jan-2007 16:17:30 GMT
[Alan Sondheim stopped recording]
 



Metrical Forms of the Apocalypse ii

etrical phonology is a phonological theory concerned with organizing 
segments into groups of relative prominence. egments are organized into 
syllables ... hapter : elation of etrical to rojective and escriptive 
eometry. o be continued... + hapter : etrical eometry | ontents | hapter 
owever, in writing metrical stuff, wondering if simply being metrical 
is sufficient ... ertainly no one could confuse something metrical with 
prose, ... "Metrical Forms of the Apocalypse apocalypse" is sometimes 
labelled ew pocalypse or ew omantic, plain-speaking poems in obvious 
metrical forms with socialist content, ... - true ithout neglecting 
the metrical form or poetic techniques peculiar to the iffard pocalypse, 
have stressed the poems close relationship to the older true is work 
appeared in the pocalypse anthologies, and contemporary reviewers taste 
for complicated metrical forms; but even he regretted that often the 
pocalypse ow: apping the nd of ays in the ork of rau va (ca.  er 
compendium of texts, a pithy rendering of key biblical texts in metrical 
form, ... ions/dp/ k true ext is the rowning of esus, a metrical 
re-telling of the gospels, ...

 covers the pocalypse, though in this book he re-writes it in metrical 
form. ... ions/dp/ k true ext is the rowning of esus, a metrical 
re-telling of the gospels, ...

 covers the pocalypse, though in this book he re-writes it in metrical 
form. ... true hapter discusses ernards use of a wide variety of metrical 
forms (including classical prosody) and his use of sophisticated rhyme 
schemes, ... k true ertainly she succeeds in this aim in f ou ame: written 
in the kind of tight metrical form which she favoured, the diction and 
syntax of the poem could ... flickerings of ew pocalypse poetry the 
flamboyant, surreal,

 s are embedded in verses whose imagery and metrical forms derive from 
ante. ... flickerings of ew pocalypse poetry the flamboyant, surreal,

 s are embedded in verses whose imagery and metrical forms derive from 
ante. Metrical Forms of the Apocalypse .


Ground zero (second version)


Zero is ground down; the ground has no depth; the ground is flattened; 
ground is always already charnel-hus; ground is always killing-field; 
ground is replete, fecund, historic; history is flattened; ground is 
characterized by the _trail_; the trail crosses the ground; the ground is 
obdurate, inert, among and within the trail. The ground trails the trail; 
the trail trails the ground.

Ground is space, now this is space, now this is time, this was time; 
ground is, this is time now, this is space there. 

Ground zero is the ground of the wild, the trail of the wild, its call or 
calling, kill or culling. Ground zero is the table-tabulation of the 
ground, part-objects of plants, animals, organic debris; ground is always 
already debris. The ground does not suffer: the suffering of the ground is 
our suffering: the ground is contaminated with our suffering.

Our suffering is the suffering of the ground - which is not the suffering 
of the ground - which does not suffer - our suffering is the table- 
tabulation, the unknown, unaccounted, unaccountable, unaccounted-for basis 
of data, the blurring of data: all this construct of the human upon 
absolutely nothing.

It is here that the wild parts the Wild, that the Wild decomposes - not on 
the technological, on the subsequent extinctions, on the devolving of 
extinctions - but on ground zero, on table-tabulations - from the begin-
ning an established fact. 

From here the strategy is the move to the tabled, the move which is a 
history of the process of tabling: the recognition, not of the Wild, but 
of its loss inherent within the Wild. Which isn't to say a foregone 
conclusion, but a technology gone wild, infected, infecting. 

Now what remains: ground zero already charnel-hus, slaughtered animals, 
what shall one do now? The question parallels standard 'what is to be 
done?' - to which there is no answer. Ground zero - not the Ground Zero of 
9/11 - but the ground zero of the trail, the trace - must be absolutely 
understood and understood absolutely: that the Wild has always been 
sundered to the extent that human languaging and culture have operated 
through the _trajectory of the hand-ax_ - from stone through reification 
to ax, from ax through exchange to ax. The trajectory refers to the 
_skittering_ of the trail across ground zero. The skittering is scythe and 
dominion, the distinction that makes a distinction: live and dead, hunter 
and prey, herd and cull, grain and territory.

Once there is travel, tool, reification, ground zero is both relinquish- 
ment and harboring. The violence of writing is here within table- 
tabulation, the sintering of ground zero, the remeasurement of trail, the 
contestation of trail and table. 

Why is any of this a matter of concern? Because the Wild continues to be 
romanticized, farmed-out, mystified; the sublime itself is the Wild placed 
beyond reach, the distance of a troubling absolute. I believe one must 
begin otherwise - with Holocaust, with disappearance. This needs more than 
text or voice, more than lip service. It's useless to pretend that the 
issue is "management" or "wildlife corridor" or "dark matter" or "natural 
selection" or even "selection" given the fold-catastrophic (re: Thom) 
nature of extinction. The horror inheres to flattening, to trail. It is 
not an addition, not techne, not technology. As population increases, it 
is simply coming into greater view. The issue is a fundamental geopolit- 
ical one. The only solutions may well be enclaves, data-bases, DNA banks, 
regions within hunting or poaching are punishable by death. This is far 
too little too late. It is the best chance there is. It does not address 
the future collapse of culture world-wide as pollution and climate rampage 
- these will happen. It does address the the end of things (end of the 
Wild, end of megafauna, end of variety, end of coastal culture), and that 
is all we can hope for.

ii

It is not a question of apocalypse; it has always been a question of 
apocalypse; humans have read the trails, walked and traced them, from the 
beginning, from the beginning of organism. Every organism has culture. The 
question becomes "how are we with apocalypse"; "how are we among the 
apocalyptic." For this condition, this state-of-affairs, this desire, 
looms closer, as if the apocalyptic announced itself.

I read far too often that humans have cried apocalyptic far too often - but 
for a moment, put yourself in the position of a polar bear, or black 
rhino, or bonobo: Consider these, as well, crying apocalyptic, until the 
last of the them disappears.

It is not, again, "what is to be done," but "what is the doing." And it is 
insufficient to abjure the doing, as in the notion there can be no lyric 
poetry, perhaps no poetry, after the Holocaust, that other holocaust that 
continues in yet other forms. This bypasses, not only doing, but thinking 
that may yet reveal another dawn in the midst of dusk. One might say in 
return, all dawns are ruptured. The day is ruptured by the night. What 
remains, what is never ruptured: ground zero - one might say the substance 
of ground zero, but here there is no divisibility; one fails and falters 
with the other.

iii

Ground zero is the ground of debris, spew, emission - the ground that 
erases traces, derails trails. It is never so simple as inscription, but a 
confluence of inscriptions, spatio-temporal strata, cross-purposeless. The 
fossil record is the miniscule surface of the world appearing as depth. 
But there is enough present to indicate that today something is wrong, 
incoherent - an environment that changes faster than adaptation, fit only 
for generalists - species, themselves, that might be in trouble later on.

The artificial (zoo, museum, housing development) requires energy and 
continuous maintenance. It is a strange attractor of finance; without 
money, the budget of organism falls apart. It is susceptible to world 
politics, to a world with rapidly decreasing resources. The Wild must be 
seen against this background. The Wild and its species have disappeared - 
which means the cultures of these species have disappeared - which means, 
further, that we are dealing with organisms divested of spatial and 
temporal history. There are no neighborhoods, no learned behaviors, that 
are not contaminated by humans - both within the artificial, and in the 
remnant parks and "wildernesses" on a planet experience an information 
implosion, population explosion.

Think of the artificial as organism banking, and continuous maintenance as 
the lineage of organisms translated to the lineage of human beings, in the 
future perhaps other technologies. The point is this: these lineages are 
disrupted as well, are broken - and a single break results in permanent 
loss. Kill the zoo, kill the species. Develop a plot of land harboring an 
irreplaceable biome, and the biome is gone forever. It's a no-win situation 
- environmentalists hold out with man/woman-years, and the biome seems 
safe - but one victory of development, and everything is lost. This is an 
example of the "fragility of good things" in catastrophe theory - if 
everything goes right, good things happen - but there are many more - 
astronomically many more - things that can "go wrong" - and any of them 
permanently eliminate the catastrophic peak of "goodness." In this sense 
"goodness" might be defined as _any_ desired state-of-affairs; there's no 
ethos implied.

A "world of generalists" will never be the end of the story, as generalist 
species compete with one another, construct new strategies, fill new 
ecological niches. Competition continues on a planet of rapidly depleting 
resources. There _is_ an end in sight, as variety ultimately decreases 
exponentially. 

Culture suffers as well. Projects disappear as coastlines are inundated, 
fresh water and fossil fuels are at a premium, and replacement fuels 
create vast changes in biomes themselves. Gasoline replacement comes at a 
price - again, of ecological niches, cultures, even an acceptable air 
quality level. Couple this with population pressure (we're not yet at the 
9-10 billion peak expected), and one has a world in which criminal 
activity is necessary for survival. Poaching will be long gone - there 
will be nothing left to poach (I think of the denuded hills around Ciudad 
Juarez already as an example). What we still consider, ever more tenu- 
ously, the "safe" internet, will exist locally at best, most probably used 
for gang/terror networking. The simplicity and spread of nuclear arms only 
adds to the mess.

Here is the ground zero of debris, detritus, effluvia: when there is no 
return to and from the Wild, when the "natural" becomes a literally mean- 
ingless term, when histories are absorbed and annihilated. 

It is at this point that one must start, politically, ecologically, phen- 
omenologically, if there is any hope - not of transformation - but of 
functional enclaving. The world has become a mobius-strip Auschwitz, 
encompassing everything - where we are inmates and guards, where there is 
no outside. The image itself - the reality of this metaphor - is still 
only on the horizon, but the reality of its referent is upon us.




Droste and Berber in rehearsal
never before released footage from the original production
with new tabla accompaniment especially commissioned
by the hairs of Droste and Berber
cut off from the bodies of Droste and Berber
as well as accompanying avatars created from cloth and wire
held in suspension creating a perfect framework
for this first time and perhaps only this time
a framework where Berber first sadly languished
then rose to the occasion of Droste's bizarre accompaniment
this silent film direct from the Weimar era
salvaged from numerous bunkers of works of tired cinema
lay sadly in shadows where reels of film were found
presented now almost in their pristine original condition

the hairs of Droste and Berber were tangled sadly
among the reels where memories of Droste and Berber
languished among the clubs of old Berlin

dance

to do some nude work, the 'tethering' pieces, if you're up to it, no pun 
intended. the camera-woman would also be nude; you and i would be tethered 
together, my hand pulling your member, your hand pulling mine - two 
sections or episodes. you'd dance, furious, try to get away, to come 
close, to twist, to turn, either your hand or your member would refuse the 
motion, hold you pack, collapse culture, return to the swarm. there's a 
mirror; all of us, including the woman appear; it's as if we're competing 
for her; as if she's withdrawn; as if she's seeing everything; as if 
everything's exposed to her; as if she's the last woman on earth; as if 
we're on stage; as if we're staging this; as if we're one and splitting; 
as if we're drawn into each other; as if we're split into one; as if we're 
opening up; as if we're closing down; as if we're body to her techne or 
techne to her body; as if i'm holding you back; as if you want to go 'with 
the others'; as if the others have disappeared; as if you're used to it; 
as if i'm desperate; as if i'm holding your member; as if you're afraid of 
that; as if you're holding my member; as if i'm afraid of that; as if i'm 
holding your member; as if i'm afraid of that; as if you're holding my 
member; as if you're afraid of that; the woman's afraid of nothing; the 
woman's the intransitive; the woman's the fulcrum; the apex; the nadir; 
the woman's the absent locus; our members compete for the woman; our hands 
hold our members back; my hand refuses the presence of your member (for 
the woman); your hand refuses the presence of my member (for the woman); 
you're dancing; i'm awkward holding on; your graceful holding on; you're 
in some other space; i'm in the space of my member; two episodes: we're 
nude, standing - my right hand is holding your semi-erect member tight; 
you're dancing, tethered; the dance conforms to tethering; there's no 
escaping for five minutes - then your right hand is holding my semi-erect 
member tight; your dancing, tethering me; i'm held there; the dance 
conforms to the holding; there's no escaping for five minutes; there's one 
then the other; there's the other then the one; the woman is holding the 
camera; the camera is running; the camera is running and not stopping; the 
camera keeps running the length of the episodes; the camera runs ten 
minutes; the camera runs twelve minutes; the camera runs before the 
beginning and through the episodes; the camera runs after the ending; the 
camera is running




ghostrap

It's always in the peripheral that accidents occur, organisms are born. 
You can hunt anywhere, you can hunt online. Ghosts are here, their images 
trapped, evanescent. Always present, always lost, the very thickness of 
our flesh at stake.

ghost ghostrap disappearance transparence

Sometimes I will write a line, a single line, several words and barriers, 
and they will seem sufficient, they will seem to resonate with the real, 
to dance in the mind of the reader or writer, sometimes that appears all 
that is necessary, as if philosophy is a foregone conclusion, need nothing 
more than the memory of a signifier of a catalyst, and this is one of 
those lines, those moments, opening up into places I cannot enter, places 
I have made for you and the fecundity of your detailing; I create my own 
barriers and thresholds, my own emissions and derailings, beyond which
nothing remains but fear, the slight scent perhaps of Anita Berber or 
Dogen, or just the masquerade of a scent, construed from the shadows in 
the corner, Carneades' snake or rope, history softly murmuring fact after 
fact after fact...

0.
1. the expulsion from the real
neither A nor B
V opens from loving arms
you can't go back there
2. the ruptured huddle
not both A and B well I never
scrabbling for food
at least there's a chance of eating
http://www.asondheim.org/ghostrap2.mov
3. entrance of the hungry ghost
not A you won't find anything here
somewhere else I really don't care
reality isn't where you find it
4 backing out of everything
you're stuck with flooded B
thirsted collapsed desert
mountain flood girl boy sutra



modeling, division by zero

when i was very young i lived in a world of division by zero. the result 
was infinity with n <> 0, but this was modified. 20/0 = 10/0 of course but 
we might write I (for infinity) so that I(20) is distinct from I(10). 
generalize: x/0 becomes I(x) and f(x)/0 becomes I(f(x)). what develops is 
a sense of process and history; I(f(x)) is dependent on the operations 
that lead up to it for any specific I(f(x)); it's as if 2 + 2 = 3 + 1, but 
the operations remain different and distinction; 4(2,2) may be considered 
distinction from 4(3,1). and this is true, providing the intercession of 
an operator is implied; 2 might for example be manageable and 3 not. the 
modes become more interesting when other f(x)/0 are involved or when 
thinking through (x/0)*(0/y) - the temptation is to produce x/y or even 
f(x)/f(y), canceling the 0, and within our mathesis, this may be reason- 
able. but again the 0 must be kept visible, historic; we might writer 
"(f(x)/f(y)) qua 0/0" or some such; it's evident that indices, both sub- 
and super-, quickly develop, become unmanageable. history piles on 
history, the mathematics leaves a necessary trace on the result - neces- 
sary because (x/0)*(0/y) is strictly I*0, which is up for grabs. the 
history imposes exactitude, facticity, where none is; it is a mathematics 
of sand-grains, not continua, of course related to infinitesimals, non- 
standard analysis, and so forth. but here, and when i was young, i valued 
these equations which told stories, stories that not only where inherent, 
but integral to their value in both senses of the word.

... i was in revolt, against mathesis, against those equations excluded, 
beyond the Pale, for no apparent reason, against the simultaneous weaken- 
ing and strengthening of zero, of nothing at all ...

( the shy zero, adding nothing to anything; the murder zero, multiplying 
and forgetting; the burgeoning zero, dividing into the production of the 
world; the generous zero, taking nothing away )


Real-time file access and organization -

Here is the problem, as anyone following my work can attest - there's too 
much of it. I'll be at the Openport festival in Chicago the end of the 
month, doing a symposium, talk, two performances. So I'm attempting to 
organize files for the last, and it's difficult. I narrowed the video/ 
audio work to 900 files - and these are edited from the mass of my video/ 
audio work in general, running I think around 2500. I've placed the files 
in two folders, Performance 1 / 2. The names (titles) of the files convey 
nothing. I'm still naming from the film years when one produced "pieces" 
with such. So there are 900 names, and I forget what most of these things 
are. It's not even easy to tell by extension - there are sound files for 
example ending as .mp4, and some of the .mov are set for no framework and 
loop; these are most often converted .mp4 in disguise. The problem with 
.mp4 in performance - the compression uses a lot of CPU cycles; the result 
is that it's actually more difficult to run a number of parallel .mp4 
files (which are quite small) than to run the same from the original very 
large .mov or .avi files.

Thumbnails won't do - they would be too difficult to manage, would clutter 
up the screen, wouldn't handle audio. I think of code - G for Geneva, D 
for dance, GG for Gruyere, GA for Aletsch glacier work - but then the 
individual pieces are still left behind. I've tried brief 2-3 word 
descriptions in the titles, but that doesn't seem to help; there are 
variations, some of the work is indescribable in terms of a few words, and 
so forth. In any case, the directories have to be on the screen when I'm 
performing - that's the whole point of it - the ability to choose video/ 
audio on the fly. I'm not sure where to take this - memorizing indices, 
mnemonics ... The total number of still images that I work with (i.e. not 
family) is about 10000. The total of everything is probably around 14000.

I swim in these. I need a directory structure for everything, coupled with 
a search engine; I need keywords and a way to delimit and present files 
during performance; I need a system which is easily understandable on the 
fly. I'm speaking of approximately 200 gigabytes of material here. I've 
been sitting going through file after file; it's a real impossibility! If 
the equipment holds up (I've been having difficulties with Quicktime 
retaining its preferences which are critical), things should run smoothly 
- they'll be more out of control than ever, the semantics of the perform- 
ance trying to keep up. But the presentation will, internally, be somewhat 
scattershot. I work with laser scan, motion capture, dancers, mappings and 
remappings of the human body, landscape, very low frequency and shortwave 
radio, filtered and unfiltered recordings of various musical instruments, 
images from the problematic of 'wilderness,' video and audio bounced and 
transformed across the country, material from Second Life performance, 
materials from programs like Netstumbler (tracking wireless), modified 
travel footage, local histories and architectures of early mass transit, 
sexuality, the 'edges' of languages, choreographies, interactivities, 
codework and codework software, Mathematica, and video/audio noise across 
the Net, offline as well. All of these areas are subsetted; they spread 
like tentacles across my workspace, (in)(co)herent, lost and found; now 
when I perform, I'm part audience, seeing the (re)presentation for the 
first time, trying more desperately than ever to hold everything together. 
This is a world of the forgotten, unorganized in relation to 'the clean 
and proper body,' inert to deconstruction (which is collapsed by error, 
circles of confusion, exhaustion, loss), open to Levinas' existence and 
existents. Never do I know where this has gone, will go. But I still need 
something of a system, something of a path through the dark woods. (And of 
course any suggestions greatly appreciated.)


for valeska gert

ruptured mess of the avatars banged into one another maybe they fucked in 
any case whatever skin they had disappeared in any case the lens blew out 
with all the action in any case i'm exhausted from their screaming why not 
mash them mosh them why not mash us mosh us in any case by this time it's 
all debris by this time i'm under the cabinet by this time doctor leopold 
konninger returns with horn-rimmed dark glasses in any case he says if you 
can't dance to it anita berber you might as well explode valeska gert

when history becomes histrionic naked dance parades on the silver screen 
oh they look so good light shining through the bones


Reel Histrionic


In Eloquent Gestures, The Transformation of Performance Style in the 
Griffith Biograph films, Roberta E. Pearson describes 'histrionic' and 
'verisimilar' codes of acting - a transformation from a melodramatic locus 
to incipient realism. She considers them in relation to 'analogical' and 
'digital' communication: "Though most gestural communication systems are 
unsegmented and analogic, the histrionic code, with its emphasis on the 
isolation of gesture, does resemble segmented, digital communications such 
as speech. Actors deliberately struck attitudes, holding each gesture and 
abstracting it from the flow of motion until the audience had 'read it.'" 
[...] "Not only were aspiring actors told to 'rest long enough in a 
gesture,' they were urged to avoid excessive movement, which might detract 
from attitude-striking." [...] "The elimination of the small gestures 
brings about the physical equivalent of silence between the grand, posed 
gestures, resulting in the 'discrete, discontinuous elements and gaps' of 
digital communication." In contrast, the analogical references the uncoded 
real, motions and emotions of daily life.

The digital is catastrophic, fold-catastrophic; it consists of jumps 
between gestures or stances, between emotions and their concretion as 
attitude. The histrionic is dependent upon the diegetic - it as acted 
action of the unfolding interpreted world. The histrionic is therefore 
always stylized and responsive, within and up to thresholding. A threshold 
is constituted by an increased differentiation between gesture and the 
diegetic real; this itself is stylized. In other words, there are two 
levels of code, stylization at work: the semantic contents of individuated 
gestures, and the syntactic divisions between them. The gestures are 
individuated (not individual); as with other linguistic formation, they 
are constituted by difference, differance, the playing among gestures 
'down the line of the unfolding of the diegetic.' So histrionic gestures 
bridge from one moment to another in the form <------<----<----- - they 
are held positions until anomaly (threshold) defers them.

Gestures are concretions operating within time's arrow, objectifying the 
body in a sequence of irreversible positions. The body constitutes the 
proffering of desire - it is held for the viewer, much as the display of 
the (sexualized) body operated in some elements of Weimar dance/cabaret 
culture. This holding is reminiscent of the still pornographic image, 
which is presented to the (mostly male) viewer; the viewer is aware that 
the histrionic is there for his or her pleasure. In the pornographic 
photograph, the erogenous zones function as 'strange attractors'; the 
diegetic is constructed by the viewer who creates a narratology resulting 
in masturbation, the cessation of (that) pleasure. The zones, however, are 
grounded in the analogical, the abject; the viewer is without the gesture 
of the histrionic (in both silent film and pornography).

Stylized gestures reference a repertoire, of course; they must be under- 
stood by both the actor (in re/presentation) and viewer (as indexical 
within the diegetic). And repertoires are always stylized, enumerations of 
entities that play, one way or another, within specified cultural milieus. 
In this sense, all repertoires are accumulations of conventions and genre; 
in the case of the histrionic, they are a rough set of mappings into (and 
constituting) the diegesis, in order that the photoplay 'move forward' for 
both actor and spectator. (This moving is literally self-centered within 
the pornographic, which plays within the (transitive and transitional) 
body of the viewer in both (interrelated) psychoanalytical and biophysical 
registers.)

(But pornography as well as photoplay is never fully reductive; defuge 
creates another deferral, from image to image, film to film. This is what 
might be considered the 'repressed of the analogical,' the referencing of 
the clean and proper body and life-story in relation to the messiness and 
decathection of everyday life. The analogical is always excessive and 
irreducible; digital mappings are mappings from one-to-many, mappings into 
the analogical (body and) real. Digital mappings are not only stylized; 
they are undergoing continuous transformations, splittings, decathecting, 
disinvestment, as the surplus of the analog has moved elsewhere. What 
constitutes pornography or photoplay, fashion or convention, at one 
synchronic instant, is constituted elsewhere at the next. The repression 
constructed by the diegesis itself (which leaves out so many things in the 
world) returns in so many different forms which become increasingly 
mutually unreadable.)

"The name _sensuality_ seems to be taken from the sensual movement, of 
which Augustine speaks, just as the name of a power is taken from its act, 
for instance, sight from seeing. Now the sensual movement is an appetite 
following sensible apprehension. For the act of the apprehensive power is 
not so properly called a movement as the act of appetite; since the 
operation of the apprehensive power is completed in the very fact that the 
thing apprehended is in the one that apprehends, while the operation of 
the appetitive power is completed in the fact that he who desires is borne 
towards the desirable thing. Hence it is that the operation of the appre- 
hensive power is likened to rest; whereas the operation of the appetitive 
power is rather likened to movement. Therefore by sensual movement we 
understand the operation of the appetitive power. Thus, sensuality is the 
name of the sensitive appetitive." (From Aquinas, Summa Theologica, trans- 
lated by Anton C. Pegis, Introduction to St. Thomas Aquinas, Modern 
Library, 1948.)


SL, Silent fiLm, my softest repertoire

(modified from a response on Poetics)

Think of island-hopping, travel, between one and another place, from 
moment to moment; think of islands as digital markers, the journey as 
analogic?

Think of Second Life, where gesture is pre-programmed; where one can 
construct both gait and flight, but the rest is already protocol. You can 
add or transform gesture; as lived reality, they become tacit, ingrained. 
And Second Life is so pure, so clean; one can always get away to the 
unlittered bottom of the ocean uncannily devoid of life. Sooner or later 
virtual ecosystems will be constructed.

And in Second Life, gesture is part and parcel of repertoire; one behaves 
always within limits; there are barriers to travel, to height, to the 
planiverse itself. Everything transforms into style; labor is external, 
extra-curricular, just as this computer I am using was produced elsewhere 
and elsewhen - more environmental depredation, more human despair, greater 
and greater gaps between economic classes.

+++

I will move to Second Life; I don't get response in First Life anyway. I 
will live anonymously in the maternal folds of continuous production. I 
will take a new identity. I don't have a community in First Life. I'll 
have a community in Second Life. I'll be different in Second Life, I'll 
change personality, I'll be kinder, in fact, sharing software with anyone, 
murmuring beautiful conversations, flying to unknown places, engaging in 
literally inconceivable culture, sex, physical prowess, building schemes, 
economies both real and virtual. I'll forget the difference between real 
and virtual. I won't be noise as I am on these email lists for example or 
blogs for example. I'll be someone who words carry performance, whose 
words proffer beauty and communication. I will forget the power grid, 
electric commons engaging all of us in whatever worlds we dream, inhabit, 
construct, destroy. My gestures will be my manacles. My gestures will be 
genre; with any luck, will be canonic. I will speak to myself and speak to 
you from the softest of stages. I will be animal in Second Life.

Using the model of silent film performance, the digital is not only the
series of islands, but the performance of the journey itself. The analogic
is the abject which cannot be contained, curtailed, the shores of the
islands, their sad susceptibility to global warming.

At this point, and it's my depression speaking, I can't help but fore-
ground everything cultural against the ravaging of the planet, the slaughter
of human and wild animal populations, the furious violence of our
government, governments everywhere. The silent films seem innocent but speak
otherwise of innocence; the seeds of destruction are already there.

Islands have moved to Second Life, and everyone and everything is buying an
island - universities, security agencies, art groups, cultural insti-
tutions of all sorts. It's this I'm thinking about at the moment, because
performance and gesture in SL parallels silent film in terms of phenom-
enology and histrionic. Sound in SL seems third-person, an add-on; later, it
will become more integrated of course, and the use of prosthetics will
eliminate the need for pre-programmed gestures - first-life and second- life
will appear equally analogic, equally 'smooth.' On one hand the rest of the
world (what passes past for the real) will seem distant and somehow safer;
on the other, the rest of the world, left to its own devices, will continue
the killing beyond any reason or proportion. We are living in massacre;
repertoire is symptom. What is the poetics of the dead poached elephant,
with its face cut off, whose photograph appears in the current National
Geographic? What is the poetics?


iii

In response to the singing of death, repertoire, life-in-death, digital

Death doesn't become a song; the song is prior to death. The threshold 
which lays poetics to rest perhaps, something Auschwitz clearly didn't do, 
is that - at least for me - of everything we might hold dear - that is, 
the wild, the compassionate, survival with grace. It's hard to visualize 
the catastrophe around the corner, when we associate catastrophe literally 
with sudden transformation, war, trauma - not this slow rise of tempera- 
ture, or the picking off of animals one by one. We react as if it were 
another turn or fear of the apocalypse, i.e. 'we've heard it all before' - 
as if this means it's not there now, we're in a permanent state of crying 
wolf. But animals literally on their last legs have heard it as well, time 
and time again, and still it comes. I'm at a loss for the poetics here, 
just as in I think Parmenides, Socrates was at a loss when muck, mud, was 
brought to the foreground in the discussion of ideal forms.

Within the digital, within the idealized digital, there is no in-between - 
either here/there, or 0/1, or whateverx/whatevery - the rest of the world 
is held at bay behind the walls of a potential well sufficient to permit 
communication in the small - i.e. to permit communication. One might say:

within the liminal, the digital doesn't exist -
the analogic exists only within the liminal.

Aphoristic, but accurate, perhaps nothing more needs to be said, or what
else might be said might be of or within an/other register.


old text illustrated by its future anterior



Womans ands Mans

as well as accompanying men created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on 
men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al ruptured mess of the men banged into 
one another maybe they fucked in this just gets it started. Could the 
woman push out infinitely into the artifacts. The root of the woman is 
elsewhere; the woman itself, the image-woman, is ghost. The ghost travels 
through anything of course; it's Given that the danced-to-infinity 
motion-capture second=life quasi-woman as well as accompanying men created 
from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al 
ruptured mess of the men banged into one another maybe they fucked in [-] 
Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Men, models, perfor...  [-] Re: 
Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] 
Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: Woman...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: 
Woman...  [-] Re: Men, models, per... [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: 
Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: 
Woman...  [-] Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Men, models, 
perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: 
Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: Men, models, 
per... [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  
[-] Re: Men,...  as well as accompanying men created from cloth and wire 
[-] Thoughts on men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al ruptured mess of the 
men banged into one another maybe they fucked in This just gets it 
started. Could the woman push out infinitely into the artifacts. The root 
of the woman is elsewhere; the woman itself, the image-woman, is ghost. 
The ghost travels through anything of course; it's Given that the 
danced-to-infinity motion-capture second=life quasi-woman as well as 
accompanying men created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on men et al Re: 
Thoughts on men et al ruptured mess of the men banged into one another 
maybe they fucked in [-] Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Men, 
models, perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, ...  
[-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: 
Woman...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Re: Men, models, per... [-] 
Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: 
Men,...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Men, models, performers, d...  
[-] Re: Men, models, perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, 
models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  
[-] Re: Men, models, per... [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, 
model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  as well as accompanying 
womans created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on womans et al Re: 
Thoughts on womans et al ruptured mess of the womans banged into one 
another maybe they fucked in This just gets it started. Could the woman 
push out infinitely into the artifacts. The root of the woman is 
elsewhere; the woman itself, the image-woman, is ghost. The ghost travels 
through anything of course; it's Given that the danced-to-infinity 
motion-capture second=life quasi-woman as well as accompanying womans 
created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on womans et al Re: Thoughts on 
womans et al ruptured mess of the womans banged into one another maybe 
they fucked in [-] Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Men, models, 
perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: 
Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: Woman...  [-] 
Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Re: Men, models, per... [-] Re: Men, 
models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  
[-] Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: 
Men, models, perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, 
...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: 
Men, models, per... [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] 
Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  as well as accompanying men created from 
cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al 
ruptured mess of the men banged into one another maybe they fucked in This 
just gets it started. Could the woman push out infinitely into the 
artifacts. The root of the woman is elsewhere; the woman itself, the 
image-woman, is ghost. The ghost travels through anything of course; it's 
Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture second=life quasi-woman 
as well as accompanying men created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on 
men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al ruptured mess of the men banged into 
one another maybe they fucked in [-] Womans, models, performers, d...  
[-] Re: Womans, models, perfor...  [-] Re: Womans, models, per...  [-] Re: 
Womans, models, ...  [-] Re: Womans, model...  [-] Re: Womans, mo...  [-] 
Re: Womans,...  [-] Re: Woman...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Re: 
Womans, models, per... [-] Re: Womans, models, ...  [-] Re: Womans, 
model...  [-] Re: Womans, mo...  [-] Re: Womans,...  [-] Re: Woman...  
Re: Woman...  [-] Womans, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Womans, 
models, perfor...  [-] Re: Womans, models, per...  [-] Re: Womans, models, 
...  [-] Re: Womans, model...  [-] Re: Womans, mo...  [-] Re: Womans,...  
[-] Re: Womans, models, per... [-] Re: Womans, models, ...  [-] Re: 
Womans, model...  [-] Re: Womans, mo...  [-] Re: Womans,...



Text from 2 Chicago Openport Performances


this is a placemarker for font and size
i learn nothing from my work. my work learns from me.
this is so stupid. this is so stupid. ehllo hello. nathan - 
somewhere near the begimning of 'the silent film era'
actresses were accompanied by orchestras or musicians
of their choosing to get into the mood of the otherwise silent 
so this is how it's going to be. what i do (here) is try to type,
well at one point someone told me I couldn't type (I'm showing you now 
heheh! - anyway I try and TYPE something until you're bored or someonne 
pulls me out of here (I mean Chicago, not Links Hall) - anyway so I try 
to entertain you - wait, please there's more coming...
this part was videotaped at Rilke's Grave in Raran, SW 
we're reading - well, Foofwa d'Imobilite and Maud Liardon - are -
reading the tombstone - and well, I"m playing the organ, that's 
somewhere else in the alps -
the sooner a train comes along the sooner I'm saved here. i'd better 
explain this
this is a model of a dancer moving through motion capture equipment 
that has some broken sensors sending the signals out to infinity where 
they collapse, grief stricken, and return, something like the rturn of 
the repressed. Now here is the return of the repressed, just a second 
here -
ok, it's more or less below freezing out there in the Gruyere
ok, this isn't getting anywhere yet. i'mm not a particularly good 
performance artist. I'm cheating, I recorded this stuff beforehand -
look around you - there aren't any naked people in the room at the 
moment, nor a waterfall for that matter... this is a deconstruction of 
a gun and on the left is someone dancing more or less and disappearing 
into the light. 
<thinking of content... war, viollence, stupidity, let's all kill 
President Bush! - ok, I knw you'rethinking, this is "illeagal," but 
what if we do this together?" -> yeah, well, ok, this will happen. 
let's back up.
we won't kill bush, we'll just wound him -
so - just in case you wondered, the hum you're hearing isn't from my 
laptop, it's in the system here in Links Hall and in fact I tend to 
love it -on the left is my avatar disappearing in Second Life because I 
programmed it to get away with it so it can go through cliffs and stuff.
now yhou're hearing the hum of the planet, literally - this is very low 
frequency radio stuff coming through - the antennas are modified by the 
performers - transforming the sound - Maud Liardon atthe end of a 
particularly exhausting day. 
maud machine - there's a file here called rottate i'll try to find it 
hold on the machine aspect is clearer
by the way: the title of this is "The Difference Between the Analog and 
the Binary Mode of Relating Real-Time bodies to the world" -
this was shortened from the title "My Partner is My Buddha"
this is literally the Maud Machine - why literrally?
this is Azure generating very low frequency coupling with an antenna 
somewhere in Orange County California
these are dead avatars
this is another dead avatar.
ok what you're hearing is an imitation of a 78 record created from an 
event in very low frequency radio stuff. 
this is really stupid.l i'll whos you what i feel like.
ok that's an assassin bug on the right. now we're looking at the 
wilderness.
when we work and we always do and we work together sometimes and we 
don't we try to harnass
we try to harness the digital and return it to the real world.
there of course is still a real world, don't believe the theorists.
where is it? it's among the polar bears who are starving and have 
turned cannibal
it's among the elephans which have taken to raping as a result of 
population pressure.
it among the fifty thousand birds that died at the world trade center 
site as a result of the fucked up pillars of light which messed up 
migration routes - as a result they died of exhaustion
this is the deconstruction of a tree, a real tree, with a ditial 
scanner. 
I'm not sure why this is important, but possibly in anotehr fifty years 
or so we might not have trees.
well we won't have "we" either
this is my sad ronin in second life -
when I work in second life i go to thebottom of the ocean
then i don't have to deal with cleverness and messy building 
and people flying by.
i can just do something maybe there
Cris Cheek should know where this sound is from, the only thing I 
didn't do here, the rest for whatever is mine.
this was done after abu gharayb. those blades are from a wind farm in 
West Virgina. think aboutg wind farms - like the beams of lightfrom the 
world trade center, most of these have been responsible for the deaths 
of tens of thousands of birds. they fly into it.
the avatar was takenpart and taken apart and taken apart
this is Azure Carter being scanned while moving - this results in the 
disappearance of Azure Carter, any trace of her, in the digital realm. 
I'd show this to you if I could remember where it is!
ok, this is the result of that maneuver more or less, you can see the 
body sliced -
we're back trying to suture things back together from digital to analog.
if someone can tell me when twenty-five minutes or so are gone I can 
wrap this up.
at the moment I'm thinking: abjection/politics
on the left, avatars imitating real-life people
on the right, real-life people imitatin avatars.
notice the people (on the right) we refer to as "The Bobsie Twins"
What coordination!
This took years to perfect
i used to do these things with the idea of a 'moral" or content or 
"content" or a "sememe " or something behind what you're seeing on the 
screen. 
then it occurred to me
there's nothing we can do at this point to save - well, our own selves, 
species from extinction, inundations, the stupidies - that's stupdi, 
stupidities of fascist presidents - so we might as well just play and 
make faces in restaurants
because maybe all we can do is dance
oh that's so stupid again
but it's true!
and it's true I can't dance!
so ...
so it's true that'
that there's a letter maybe beneath this one going somewhere 
my partner exploding with the motion capture equipment going into 
gunfire -
well I want you to believe this is gunfire
while a vacuum tube is deconstruct simultaneously
well I'd like you to believe it's deconstructed.
what's stupid here is I have only one screen and I want to have 
equipment on the floro!
floor!
more and more equipment, something I can disappear into!
I'll have to settle for
for some sort of entertainment
i want to thank everyone here for allowing us to present!
and Foofwa d'Imobilite and Maud Liardon for their brillians
And Azure Carter for her support and brilliance
And President bush for making this possible
and the Swiss Government for funding this in part
and the Alps for just being there.
thank you.


placeholder text chicago 2
placeholder text
placeholder text
anguish disappears when our world suffers the most
an image weeps. an image does not suffer.
no, an image suffers the most. 
dear buddha, i will suffer for you.
thank you, alan sondheim.
nothing is real anymore, is it? is what? is nothing?
i am your electric-onic
i am your electronic buzz bomb 
i will kill all of you fuckers. i will kill everyone. don't forget - 
when you leave here tonight YOU WILL BE DEAD (honest, I really mean 
this more than I mean anything in the world) - signed, Mr. Bush. Let us 
[...]
If I can't be Buddha I will kill myself.
Then after I kill myself I will kill you.
Today I thought about the French Empire and the American Empire.
The end.
Alan Sondheim.
ok if you have any questions.
Ok I have a question. What is that stuff moving about.
"Well, I'm glad you asked that,' Susan said. This is really something, 
isn't it? (Susan didn't say that.) Well, what this , well, these are 
avatars torn apart, By What you May AsK?
maBY by Abu Gharab, he replied lightly.
Christ, he thought (although he didn't believe in God). There are too 
many things going on here. That zither is being sent around the usa 
coming back to me. That woman is Maud Liardon danceworking performing 
in a grange in the Gruyere. We need a cat. 
So you think this is funny? I will KILL YOU. This is NOT FUNNY. 
StOPPP IT
VLF radio runs around the world. The USA will use VLF radio antennas 
to: 
1. Disorient and kill whales.
2. Disorient and kill dolphins.
3. Communicate just where and when the BIG ONE will be dropped.
I'm a dope!
Just now, a reveleation: 
EVERYONE IS TWITCHING ON THE SCREN
Suddenly he realized: There were people behind himn.
It wasn't paranoia. He was being watched.
Something had to be done, something drastic. Then he remembered:

"He would kill them all."
This is the compassion the Buddha speaks of so eloquently.
Now we're hanging around the Aletsch glacier. 
I want to thank the Swiss government for making this possible:
a. Holding on to the Aletsch glacier in this period of global warming.
b. Giving my partner and I some money so we can eat again.
c. Making us stop worrying if we con't have any money for b.
I did this thing last night with different videos. And there I was 
thinking, there's just nothing you can do about the world, is there/
so it's not enoght to dance, fuck dance, it's got to be something else.
if we could only just kill ourselves. then everything would be allright 
in the worldl
but of cours we're just kidding, nothing like this can happen.
the whole history of the West: we're just kidding ourselves. (Honest.)
don't cry for us argentina.


without order

i tried to deal without order, to apply topology, surfaces, 
to the digital, construct for example a sphere:
within the sphere, curvature is uniform, there are no objects, 
no striations; now consider a torus:
within a certain angle, vision is blocked, the cylinder connects,
connects smoothly above and below, of genus one in placement
nearby genus zero:
but these inhering differences go no further, elasticity problematizes
order within any configuration as handles, holes, bridges slide,
everywhere, ignoring the metric, there is no metric, let's make one,
just for the moment, no, it's useless:
so that there's something uncanny about the sphere's interior, we move, 
near and far, we reflect upon ourselves, 
something luminous must there be, or we dream of such, luminosity,
ourselves written, large within our world:
without order, there's nothing, it's all unaccountable, can holes merge,
of course they can, can bridges slide in deep interiors, yes and yes,
nothing is here, sphere to torus, but something to nothing, nothing
to something, always just invisible, for how may one leap, from sphere,
to torus, torus, to sphere, how may one cross, erecting order ?




liner notes for Crepuscule


sexual projections over dancers and without dancers and sexual dances on 
the tentpoles ravens at the four corners of the world. dancers are below. 
oh they want to jump on the bodies. this is dance on deadly earth. origin 
of dance try to make sense of the dialog; they can't. The live dancers may 
be are nude, exposed; the dance ends when they cum. They observe two 
dancers - audience and masturbating couple - the dancers sexually aroused 
- if nude dance should move from position to position. Anita Berber. The 
dancers are reeling, on edge, nervous, difficult, a problem, their desires 
constrained by spectacle. The dancers are on exhibit, behavioral codes 
thwarted or broken. If a dancer feels comfortable, he or she should push 
further on. sexuality, and horror, interpenetrate. For the dancers, 
everything is at the body of the dancer is eternal exists in relation to 
the sexuality of the body within the dance, within. dance is the 
interiority of the metaphysical, dance succeeds only by virtue of the 
interiority of the dancing, only by the foundation of the world. the 
foundation of the world lies in dance, The body of the dancer lies supine, 
breathless. storing these things - in the dance itself there's an image of 
a woman My Cluttered corner of the dance studio. Cloth, food items, all 
supine, is choreography masteranwhile dancers having dancing day debris 
three. liner notes for Anita Berber. point of dance and sexuality dancing 
is indiscriminate fucking, display - midnight phone-calls and invitations. 
one a dancer is pornographic, once this splay / display, dance, 
photography, culture, art in general, is invisible as semen on stage, 
spurted from dancer, welcomed and returned by art, of dance, of the body; 
it is also the most unknown. draw a vector; appurtenance-appearance; this 
is what the dancer, photographer, performer, tensed in our tawdry space of 
the real. for if the dance-dancer emerge - Sex dances for one to four 
people. The dancers are nude. There are no props. Male dances alone while 
masturbating. He dances until he cums. Female dances alone while 
masturbating. She dances until she cums. Tethered: Male dances with one 
hand holding himself erect. Tethered: Female dances with one or more 
partners' fingers in her. Variant Tethered: Male dances with one or more 
partners' fingers in him. The dance ends when one or both have cum. 
Variant Tethered: Female dances with one or more partners' fingers in her. 
The dance ends as above. The dance ends when the dance cums. dancers. So 
this is a dancer transformed. Role disappears from dance, dance is. The 
advantage of a dancer: You'll have your body at the end of the day. The 
disadvantage of a dancer: You'll have your body at the end of the day. 
dance and culture brings Signs from Worlds eaten by light. Score 
restraint, bounded three-dimensional space, against which such dancers 
remain authorless in the midst of author/authority, danceless in the 
presence of dancers/dancing, human within the post-human, flesh within 
dance the doomed Case of doomed, doomed, a-void. Case of A world chaos, 
sex, spoken sex, poetics of sex. I may work with dance and sex and 
dance-video and sex. I will not work with images of sexual violence. I 
dance. Or I'm the material for the dancers; it's really back.

-- sondheim

Crepuscule (Twilight) recorded / edited 2006 Geneve



before all this


'Ubeidiya culture - Israelo-Abbevillian v Israelo-Olduvan (Stekelis my 
teacher) Israelo -> placeholder: deep hiatus in relation to identification 
the figuring at Berekhat Ram - earliest reported piece of art 'Ubeidiya 
was the first place/holder 1.4-1.7 million years ago, emigration from 
Africa - Acheulian tools at the dawn of hominid culture - Berekhat Ram - 
early figurine I walked the trenches at 'Ubeidiya, hand-axes everywhere 
embedded in the dirt walls, sacks of them at the edge of the site - how 
could so many be produced by so few? so Israelo- becomes the placeholder 
at this moment, perhaps Palestino- earlier or later - our time here is 
minimal in relation to the depth of the early pleistocene - synchronical- 
ly, the median lies well within the Olduvan; diachronically, the demo- 
graphics fall pretty much now - twentieth-twenty-first-century collusion 
bringing pre/history to an end; elsewhere I've written about the 'uncanny' 
in relation to the site - holding, figuring, tools last held by almost- 
humans

now when voice comes to Second Life: who will speak for identification,
morphing or the granularity of the real making its appearance across the 
wires, given as such, taken as such? we're at the threshold of what 
appears beginning, here/now, of the virtual, 'pain has turned the thresh- 
hold to stone,' of the post-pleistocene - of the post-hominid landscape 
whose details still escape us

 what is the relationship between the grain of the voice and
 SL originary history - what is an original of the voice - who spoke
and with what 1.7 million years ago -

the genidentity of the voice - genitdentity of locus of human production
- the voice which is self-identical, the rootless voice, the voice without 
substance, the body untied to the voice, voice untied to the body -
genidentity of the voice: analogic transforms from real to real - return 
to stone, to the stones, to material culture continuously absentint 
itself, taking everything with it

7-day weeks - Onedy, Twody, Threedy, Fourdy, Fivedy, Sixdy, Sevdy 4-week 
months 3-month seasons ... Even with your studies, you need to meet 
people. I know! ... 7-day weeks - Onedy, Twody, Threedy, Fourdy, Fivedy, 
Sixdy, Sevdy 4-week months 3-month seasons ... Even with your studies, you 
need to meet people. I know! ... 7-day weeks - Onedy, Twody, Threedy, 
Fourdy, Fivedy, Sixdy, Sevdy 4-week months 3-month seasons ... Even with 
your studies, you need to meet people. I know! ... 8 bit bullet list 
marker is recognized. september ninth nineteen sixdy, ...  paragraph this 
is a mail message that i received one day. i didn&#39;t make it up ... The 
preprocessor is actually a series of small consecutive functions, which 
may be thought of as one long pipeline. Each function makes certain 
assumptions ... Help others find this item. Make a Search Suggestion | 
Manage your Search Suggestions.  No-one has made a Search Suggestion for 
this item yet. ... Konference se bude konat v prostor ch katedry filozofie 
FF v Plzni stnosti ... www.kfi.zcu.cz/fivedy E-mail: schust@kfi.zcu.cz ... 
jemu
 v r mci chodu katedry jeho kolitelem, vedouc m katedry, tajemn ky ... v 
jednotliv ch kurzech, p prav ~[ a organizaci ~Yij
 a ...


==

drowning

in dreams bodies at uncanny speeds , moist or damp , almost evanescent , 
parlay of the register of the visible , enunciation of interiority just 
around the corner , some small flailing in the early paleolithic , oh that 
square that symbolic emergence , emergence of the symbol , they're not 
equivalent , what is there for us was not for them or they , or this one , 
caught , lost , almost not quite silent , else/wise


A/Rose for Baudrillard

I have troubled sleep; nightmares become me. Recently I traded in for a 
copy of Sartre, Troubled Sleep, signed by him, scrawled signature to a 
friend. Barthes was hit by a van I think, all these men and some women but 
less women - Derrida, Foucault, Deleuze, Guattari, Lyotard, Baudrillard, 
Althusser, Lacan, bounded by what seems the cold war iron of Badiou. 
Kristeva, Cixous, Irigaray, Wittig, perhaps are still alive. I raised 
myself on all of them and now they're divided among the militants, the 
academics, the pieces of 'deconstruction' applicable to any analysis where 
something or other falls apart, 'simulacrum' following DeBord's 'specta- 
cle' where 'revolution' became synonymous with natural skin care and 
something everyone did against the name of 'freedom.' I don't mean to say 
anything here, I wonder about the doubting that once swayed the world, 
Jabes, Blanchot, or what I read as doubting, never say anything unless 
said to oneself, withdrawn, proffered as kind of a peripheral speech. This 
wasn't them, my reading, what I garnered, that excitement, Merleau-Ponty, 
at the birth of the world, its bearing, re-borning. Vietnam is now mute, 
May 68 almost forty years ago and most of us humans have never thought of 
burning monks. Tibet is a foregone conclusion; can one imagine the Dalai 
Lama back at the Potala? Bohm kept on moving; he was close to insane with 
the stress of homelessness. I wait for my first stroke, but none of the 
others, none of them, none of you, will speak to me. I'll go to heaven or 
hell with stitches in my mouth. I'll try to say something about the world. 
My eyes grow wider and wider.


"Where the waters meet at the end of the world"
http://www.asondheim.org/offthere.jpg

Where the waters meet at the end of the world
bodies merge in streams; arms and legs unfurled
in death or signifiers streamed and long forgotten.
There is no kelp among the drowned, no seed rotten
and uncalled for. When my friends swim, they die
allegiance emptied of their final cry
when all is drowned and doomed. Waters shear waters,
some sign, untoward, approaches, slaughters
our pretty young women and buoyant young men.
Sightless, nothing goes further then.
Witless, nothing goes further then.



Dark sky.

Dark sky. You take my friends from me. They return, mother, in dreams. 
Dark sky.

She is dead and the argument has disappeared, in the still air there. 
Nothing is left of the argument. She cannot reply.

The offering no longer stands. The offering disappears as ghost disap- 
pears. Ghost is the creature that topples to its feet.

More and more I remain on mountaintop or valleybottom. There is naught 
in freedom or captivity. I am alone in company. I cannot reach out.

Within the series of disappearances I disappear. The series continues 
in the other's guise. The series is no longer mine. The series is yours.

a brilliant work i am alive.



Darker.


I went into pinku with all the money in the world. I was broke. Money 
bulged my pockets. I went up to the guy. I want her I said. He said ok. 
She said ok. She went out with me. We went to the room. Do it she said. I 
said are you alone. Yes she said. Do you have a girlfriend or boyfriend I 
said. Yes she said. I have a boyfriend she said. I want to mark you I 
said. Your boyfriend will know me I said. I will make you I said. I will 
mark you I said. Yes she said. She said I will mark you. Do you have a 
boyfriend or girlfriend she said. Yes I said. I have a girlfriend I said. 
I have a family I said. I will steal you she said. We were naked. We 
fucked. She took a flash. She examined my body. My body broke open. Here 
and there she said. I held the flash. I opened her up. I saw everything. I 
remembered everything. I knew everything. I pierce your nipple she said. 
She sucked the needle. She rubbed the needle in her. She pierced my 
nipple. My nipple bled. She ringed it. Now me she said. Both nipples were 
pierced. I pulled the rings. I took them out. She bled. I sucked the 
needle. I pierce your nipple I said. I pierced deeper. I pierced deeper. I 
ringed it. I left the other bare. We bled each other. Your wife will not 
know you she said. Tomorrow I said. Tomorrow I said. We went to the room. 
Do it I said. Get hard she said. She touched me. I cut you open she said. 
She cut the shaft. She cut deeper. She tore the shaft. She bled the shaft. 
She bandaged the shaft. Your wife won't want you she said. I am your 
boyfriend I said. My boyfriend left me she said. I am your girlfriend she 
said. Spread out I said. I cut your lips I said. I cut the lips. I tore 
the lips. I locked her lips. I locked her lips. She wired my shaft. She 
wrapped the head. She made a hole. You piss here she said. She cut my sac. 
She bandaged the sac. I gave her money. She gave me money. I was covered 
with blood. I pierced her nipple. I locked her nipple. I pulled the lock. 
She took the keys. She put them in the toilet. She flushed the toilet. She 
flushed the toilet. The keys went out. She was locked tight. Wire me I 
said. She tightened the wire. She locked the wire. She sucked the needle. 
She pierced my nipple. She pierced deeper. She pierced my chest. She cut 
my nipple. She locked my nipple. She gave me the keys. I put them in the 
toilet. I flushed the toilet. I flushed the toilet. The keys went out. I'm 
dizzy she said. She bled between her legs. Her breasts were bleeding. I 
bled between my legs. My breasts were bleeding. I coughed blood. My eyes 
were bled. She cut my hair. She cut all of it. She swallowed my hair. I 
cut her hair. I swallowed her hair. I vomited hair and blood. She ate my 
vomit. She scraped my face. She cut my face. She cut my eyes. No one will 
want you she said. I want you she said. She cut off my nipple. She ate my 
nipple. She swallowed the ring. She cut off my nipple. She ate my nipple. 
She swallowed the lock. I cut off her nipple. I ate her lock. She ate her 
nipple. No one wants you I said. I want you I said. I want you too I said. 
I want you she said. I want you too she said. We fell on the floor. We 
clawed each other. We bit each other. We gouged each other. We blinded 
each other. We strangled each other. Everyone will want us we said. 
Everyone will want us too we said. Tomorrow she said. Tomorrow I said. We 
went to the room.




Left Behind

Some people believe in ghosts and light candles and some people believe in 
gods and spirits. People will do anything to avoid life. Some people say 
prayers and some people have funerals and some people drink blood and wine 
and some people go to temples and some people go to churches. People will 
do anything to avoid this life. People will read and write and paint. Some 
people will fight and some people will tell people to fight. Anything to 
add to this life. People want to add to this life. People lie to add to 
this life. People believe in goblins and trolls. People find this life 
flat and boring. Anything to make this life interesting. Anything to make 
this life go on. Anything to endure. Anything to make enduring. People 
believe in UFOs. People want more than people and animals. People want 
more than clouds and plants. People say if there's nothing else than this 
life then there's nothing at all. People say if this is all there is 
there's nothing to live for. Some people play sports and some people 
write things down and some people make flat new things and some people 
are sick and bleeding. Some people want to die. People are left behind.




or subliminal

- seriously, that would be an interesting 'wager' -
sublime as subliminal, as if the intermediary always
escaped (whereas the sublime is already constructed
as infinnitude) 

or defuge 

- seriously, what amounts to the sadness, the collapsed
o avatar, rise in the midst of maelstrom, sadness
of cobalt plutonium sadness uranium sadness radium sadness
as infinnnitude of defuge


or after the show

- seriously, what covers the pain of completion, i am yours
no more argon xenon neon, whirl me through you avatar,
i am your avatar i am your avatar 



i can hear you breathe


1 says: 2 see if you can hear me now
1 says: hello?
1 says: I can hear you breathe?
2 says: 1 we can't hear you breathe
1 says: yes, I know.
1 says: ok logging out and in
2 says: perhaps log out and log back in or
2 says: !!!!
1 says: Hi I can hear both of you - don't know why you can't hear me
2 says: I'm not sure - is there a loose connection with the mic?
2 says: Have you checked your audio settings?
1 says: yes yes checked setting. don't know.
1 added 3 to this chat
1 says: i can't figure it - worked before with this mic, don't have 
  another
1 says: don;t know what the answer is - can hear you breathe
1 says: i can hear you breathe
1 says: the mic is attached to the headset
1 says: its a standard mic/headset combo
1 says: you're both getting this yes
1 says: i can try to get another mic from my wife.
3 says: sure, we'll wait around
2 says: if you don't mind
1 says: i'm looking for another mic. this one worked fine the other week 
1 says: this is really frustrating. if its the input on the laptop i'm 
  not sure what to do - don't have another machine her
1 says: i'm singing
1 says: you can't hear me
1 says: singing new york new york
1 says: singing once a jolly swagman
1 says: --sat by a billybong
1 says: won't you waltzing matilda with me
3 says: can't hear u 2
3 says: can just hear snippets
1 says: um, yes reschedule --> you're both dispersing anatomically
2 says: i said you're breaking up 3 but not physically
3 says: ahhah
2 says: is anyone logging this?
3 says: i could be *watches arms floating off*
2 says: 1 can you hear me?
1 says: saving saving yes ic an yhear 2
2 says: just a SECOND 3 :)
3 says: lol
2 says: 1 can you hear 3
1 says: oo i need to get up really early tomorrow. so i'm hesitant to try 
  to do this again tonight. i can hear you breathe both in a 
  mottled sort of way.
2 says: she's breaking up a bit here
2 says: that's abot
2 says: that's about it
1 says: we can rebuild her
1 says: thanks - listening, hearing
1 says: right all sound good.
2 says: I'm not sure you heard me
1 says: ok, no problem - I'd picked up the wow from earlier stuff.
3 says: very choppy, can only just hear u
2 says: I was saying because of online exigencies 
2 says: Since no disk space is taken.
3 says: sure 2
1 says: ok, agreed -
1 says: he's gone
1 says: lost in in the the  sigh
2 says: 3 are you still there?
3 says: yup
3 says: but ur not
2 says: I'm not still here?
3 says: can't here u at all
1 says: hi 2
3 says: gettit - here?;)
1 says: so, we hear but cannot speak
3 says: bah
2 says: Dead silent!
3 says: fine here 2;)
2 says: Fine at my end
1 says: sure
3 says: or interest at least
3 says: sounds great 2
2 says: Can either of you hear me at the moment?
2 says: In other words is the sound gone totally dead?
1 says: i can hear you type
1 says: i can hear you breathe
2 says: That's how I feel...
1 says: soliloquy
2 says: 1 can you hear me talking?
2 says: 3 can you hear me?
3 says: nope
3 says: not at all, can u hear me?
2 says: No I can't
1 says: can't go forward?
3 says: can't hear 2:)
2 says: It was loud at this end... Ah well...
2 says: I'm going to go off just for a moment
2 says: If that's ok
3 says: sure
2 says: One last time - I'll try 
3 says: and its been raining here 1
2 says: No one is picking up...
3 says: 1 u still there?
1 says: everything's gone wrong
2 says: 1 you still th?
1 says: -- heard it all --
1 says: we'll always have tonight
3 says: true;)
1 says: ok
1 says: bye
1 says: 2 are you there?
2 says: I'm still here - are you?
2 says: I'm trying. I can hear you breathe.


the covered


starting somewhere new blemish or dispersion
maquette for the inconceivable performance
i will swallow your air and drown your oceans
i will rupture wave after wave
oceans stuttered and stumbled in spray
in their own spray waves collapsed
solitons were always underfoot pretending
they pretended they were objects for all time

i need time to finish this and other wrything
money becomes me to keep me fed and sane
featureless and following contradictions
i don't want to be troubled and insane
needing a room of one's own and clear thought
clear thinking will come to me pleasantly
i will advance the future of the human race

now i am being merely destructive
tearing at my thought and the breathing air
another step thought disappears forever
i would like this disappearing thought
disappearance opens the gate to thinking
soon i'll think this pleasant thought
just another number of happy money
i'll have time to think this useless thought



because the sun scarcely made it over the hill that morning
because the rumpled sheets carried the sadness of the day
because the afternoon toppled against the telephone tower
because evening did its work so many hours ago
because dusk carried the perfect sadness of developed flowers
because nightfall spelled the water's end of forest streams
because night soared aloft carrying stalks of wheat and yarrow
because dawn already knew loss the previous week
because cells glowed against historic misery
because radio swallowed the visual of tv
because greater cylinders surround the lesser among the planets
and lesser spheres surround the greater among the stars
so shall the clotheslines of language swell against the wind
and darkness shall invade 'em and the rest of 'em


if you watch a solo file of avatar this is the solo file sexatar to watch.
if watch one solo sexatar file this year this is the one sexatar file.
this is the sexatar file to watch.

sexual projections over dancers and without dancers and sexual audience 
and masturbating couple - the dancers sexually aroused - if nude 
sexuality, and horror, interpenetrate. For the dancers, everything is at 
exists in relation to the sexuality of the body within the dance, within. 
point of dance and sexuality dancing is indiscriminate fucking, display - 
sex, spoken sex, poetics of sex. I may work with dance and sex and 
dance-video and sex. I will not work with images of sexual violence. I

point of dance and sexuality dancing is indiscriminate fucking, display - 
fucked. She took a flash. She examined my body. My body broke open. Here 
She sucked the needle. She rubbed the needle in her. She pierced my 
pierced. I pulled the rings. I took them out. She bled. I sucked the 
said. She tightened the wire. She locked the wire. She sucked the needle. 


sexdance and sololovely and goog urls below


I'm writing after the uploading breathing down downloading on your end of 
the world, world's end, spatio, world's end, future anterior tempero.

I'm waiting first for the rendering of sexdance w/ Sandy Baldwin. These 
are getting increasingly sophisticated, problematic, uncomfortable, 
up/loaded. ok this is long but for the first time alien lifeforms appear 
on the boundary-level of an alternative world. 

life lowers our expectations; life crawls under them.

I'm uploading the rendering of sexdance w/ Sandy Baldwin in Odyssey East 
down there by the shoreline where the world falls off, new moves, new 
days, new complexities of behavior. 

I'm thinking of a theory but the theory falls flat-euclidean. Reading a 
biography of Celan, Benjamin's letters, neither help, are of use; they 
construct other interiors. China is on the shortwave.

The flat landscape remains impervious, unpunctured. A surface is a surface 
with a vengeance. The Dutch mafia. Netherlands on the shortwave.

At one point I tried to construct binary from topology; it doesn't hold, 
it slips out from under us. It's twenty-five years after the Falklands 
conflict. The Falklands broadcasting service carried on Radio Netherlands.

Byron wrote Heaven and Earth, which is most curious, and The Deformed 
Transformed, which I haven't yet approached. Deformation retains more than 
vestige of the original:

Every original is a deformation.
Every original is a deformation degree zero.

I get sick of Second Life; I will pack up and move there or move out. I 
don't want to live; I want to create. Living in any life is useless, 
exhausting, takes away from one or another realing. People suffering from 
Trauma from the Falklands. 250 died in the conflict, but 400 committed 
suicide. 

sexdance production delay today high compression algorithm collapsed 
narratives and metanarratives codework visible through cyclical 
interventions and punctured primitives



the flatness of the flat

blemish = puncture
you might think this tends towards differance
you might think this tends towards the object
the flatness of the flat
the plane is equally thin
flatness: there is no above
recently suffering from migraine, panic attacks
well, that's the puncture, isn't it?
depression's thing?
defuge = the flatness of the flat
defuge = the flatness of the flat


no room for the abject here



Catastrophic Thought


Its relationship to toggle, totter, topple:
from binary relationship to abject destruction
veering
extremities, 'things' carried to an extreme
thought that short-circuits itself, goes nowhere
flatness, worlds without direction
defuging of worlds

always self-canceling
using, devouring energy
it's too difficult to think

not the thought of the catastrophe
there's no therapeutic or suture
there's no projection, only introjection
this is introjection without absorption
blinking, unblinking, uncomprehending
thought of the catastrophe already grasps
thought is already thinking
catastrophic thought is not thinking
thought which is not thought

catastrophic thought is physiological thought
its limit thought on the borders of the conceivable
in catastrophic thought nothing is conceivable
in catastrophic thought there are no limits

laughter, diabolic laughter
catastrophic thought is the thought of the symptom

thinking which eliminates the premise of thought
thought which eliminates thinking
thought of the i am that i am
mute thought, inert thought, thought of the thing
the thing thinking

the catastrophe "what a catastrophe!"
the disaster "what a disaster!"

catastrophic thought A, then B, else B
towards B, else B, towards B
B becomes nameless, B is already nameless

the subject undergoes, is undergone-ing, introjection
inconceivable projection, nothing to project
no projectors

thinking the skein holding everything together
thinking the collapse of the skein
just beneath the surface there is no skein
just beneath the surface there are no things
there are no surfaces, there is no surface

thinking which is deeply, inherently, mute
unspeakable thinking, unspeaking thinking

physiology of tremors, depressions, tremblings
phenomenology of nightmares, hysterias
suicidal thinking, thinking which produces limit
thinking suicide, the production of a thing

thoughtless, witless
not always the worst, however, always mute

"i can't think of this, this catastrophic thought


What's happening always suffers

The music in this film makes me all excited. Then nothing happens, or 
rather nothing happens as exciting as the music. It's not that the music 
disappoints - how could exciting music disappoint? - but what happens is 
really different, nothing one might call exciting, unless one - I - was 
excited by what's happening. The excited music assumes either I'll be 
excited by what's happening or won't be excited by what's happening but 
then the excited music will make me excited about what's happening. I 
can't be excited about anything that's happening without exciting music. 
Sometimes there's music that wants to be excited, or something is happen- 
ing that's exciting and I expect the music to be excited but it isn't 
excited, and what's happening might suffer as a result. In general, what's 
happening of course always suffers. Sometimes what's happening makes the 
music excited as well and I find myself listening to the excited music as 
what's happening excites me and then I might wonder, what is it about this 
music that might have made me excited had it been excited, and why do I 
find it exciting now if it's not excited? What's happening can make music 
excited, and music I think can't be excited without something happening 
that makes it so. But the music in this film doesn't make me all excited.


What's happening always suffers

The battle in this place makes me all distraught. Then nothing happens, or 
rather nothing happens as disastrous as the battle. It's not that the 
battle disappoints - how could disastrous battle disappoint? - but what 
happens is really different, nothing one might call disastrous, unless 
one - I - was distraught by what's happening. The distraught battle as- 
sumes either I'll be distraught by what's happening or won't be distraught 
by what's happening but then the distraught battle will make me distraught 
about what's happening. I can't be distraught about anything that's hap- 
pening without disastrous battle. Sometimes there's battle that wants to 
be distraught, or something is happening that's disastrous and I expect 
the battle to be distraught but it isn't distraught, and what's happening 
might suffer as a result. In general, what's happening of course always 
suffers. Sometimes what's happening makes the battle distraught as well 
and I find myself listening to the distraught battle as what's happening 
excites me and then I might wonder, what is it about this battle that 
might have made me distraught had it been distraught, and why do I find it 
disastrous now if it's not distraught? What's happening can make battle 
distraught, and battle I think can't be distraught without something 
happening that makes it so. But the battle in this place doesn't make me 
all distraught.


The difference between war and cinema

5,24c5,22 < The battle in this place makes me all distraught. Then nothing 
happens, or < rather nothing happens as disastrous as the battle. It's not 
that the < battle disappoints - how could disastrous battle disappoint? - 
but what < happens is really different, nothing one might call disastrous, 
unless < one - I - was distraught by what's happening. The distraught 
battle as- < sumes either I'll be distraught by what's happening or won't 
be distraught < by what's happening but then the distraught battle will 
make me distraught < about what's happening. I can't be distraught about 
anything that's hap- < pening without disastrous battle. Sometimes there's 
battle that wants to < be distraught, or something is happening that's 
disastrous and I expect < the battle to be distraught but it isn't 
distraught, and what's happening < might suffer as a result. In general, 
what's happening of course always < suffers. Sometimes what's happening 
makes the battle distraught as well < and I find myself listening to the 
distraught battle as what's happening < excites me and then I might 
wonder, what is it about this battle that < might have made me distraught 
had it been distraught, and why do I find it < disastrous now if it's not 
distraught? What's happening can make battle < distraught, and battle I 
think can't be distraught without something < happening that makes it so. 
But the battle in this place doesn't make me < all distraught.

---
> The music in this film makes me all excited. Then nothing happens, or > 
rather nothing happens as exciting as the music. It's not that the music > 
disappoints - how could exciting music disappoint? - but what happens is > 
really different, nothing one might call exciting, unless one - I - was > 
excited by what's happening. The excited music assumes either I'll be > 
excited by what's happening or won't be excited by what's happening but > 
then the excited music will make me excited about what's happening. I > 
can't be excited about anything that's happening without exciting music. > 
Sometimes there's music that wants to be excited, or something is happen- 
> ing that's exciting and I expect the music to be excited but it isn't > 
excited, and what's happening might suffer as a result. In general, what's 
> happening of course always suffers. Sometimes what's happening makes the 
> music excited as well and I find myself listening to the excited music 
as > what's happening excites me and then I might wonder, what is it about 
this > music that might have made me excited had it been excited, and why 
do I > find it exciting now if it's not excited? What's happening can make 
music > excited, and music I think can't be excited without something 
happening > that makes it so. But the music in this film doesn't make me 
all excited.


---


Parable of the return


Having perfected the machine which allowed us to travel backwards in time, 
we decided to visit the very origins of humankind, that savanna where 
proto-hominids roamed, beginning their conquest of the flora and fauna of 
the planet. We returned to a period before the great dispersion, before 
the diasporic spread of humans fearful of themselves.

We brought clubs, knives, guns, explosives; we brought encapsulated germs 
and plagues. Around eleven o'clock in the morning, we appeared on the 
savanna. The hominids, tearing a sloth to pieces, were everywhere. They 
carried clubs, hand axes, crude knives.

We knew the slaughter would kill us as well. We imagined the arrival of 
other intelligent species who might know better, or who would also send 
expeditions of destruction into their pasts. We were prepared for death, 
an oddly retroactive form of suicide.

We began the slaughter; clubs and knives did not become us. We began 
shooting and the hominids ran in all directions. We still survived.

We bombed their gathering places. We killed families indiscriminately. We 
released smallpox, measles, plagues of all sorts. We machine-gunned men, 
women, and children. We were harbingers of death. And yet we survived.

We checked our demographies; we were at the center of the holocaust We 
were the holocaust. We knew one or two might escape; we were prepared for 
that. The future, our present, would be transformed. Hominids would either 
go extinct or become a minor species with an ecological niche in some 
savanna backwater.

We discovered this: We changed evolution utterly. We changed it towards 
ourselves, the most violent of the futures of the hominids. The ones that 
escaped would live to slaughter others. It was slaughter that guided them 
all along. It was slaughter that created us. For those that escaped, 
wounded, life would be constant fury. We had set the script of revenge 
into motion. We produced ourselves.

We knew then that attempts to change the past only produced it. We knew 
then that there was no escape; life itself would wane as plants and 
animals hurtled towards extinction. Our return had created our return; our 
return from the botched journey produced at best a botched species. We had 
only ourselves to blame; our ancestors, each and every one, were innocent, 
following the path we had set for them.

We knew then that we followed the same path, that we were determined as 
well, produced by the circularity of our return. We were at the birth of 
the wounded, the birth of indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own 
birth as well. We understood that there was nothing to do, nothing to be 
done, that death was always in the doing, that violence was mandated from 
our own beginnings. We knew then that we would die soon, just as others 
died, fellow travelers back in time, fellow architects of doom.



I enter the phrase: Enduring the realm of inherent contradiction.

Endurance: here, to subsist within for an indefinite period of time. The 
realm is that of broken, convoluted, fragmented information. Contradiction 
references multiple strands tending towards differing and temporary truth- 
tables.Inherent, because this becomes the condition of existence; outside 
the realm of language, what is, is, but within the same, mappings are 
fast-forward, imminent, and decomposable.

Fragment generates fragment; the goal of the fragment is the fragment; 
there is no goal. What happens in the real is the incandescent slaughter- 
house; ecologies and bodies burn. The fragment is the life-raft.

The iron-clad fragment protects itself as ideology within the inerrancy of 
a text. The text itself is of little matter; what matters is its command- 
structure. An inerrant text is absolutist; it brooks no contradiction; it 
is nothing but words.

One word follows another; within the fragment, they are deeply untethered. 
The inerrant text constructs the digital world; the digital world decon- 
structs, destroys, the inerrant text. The construction of the digital 
world: from parts and parcels of the analogic, the inert real. The frag- 
ments otherwise; the fragment returns to the analogic - is fragment pre- 
cisely because of the analogic; in relation to the analogic; within the 
analogic. The fragment is the passing symptom; the symptom is the passing 
trope; the trope stands in for the raster, the horizon of the digital.

What one says and does is irrevocable. 

The fragment is endured; the fragmented is nostalgia for a lost and mythic 
coherent. 

The fragment leaves the fragment, leaves language and name behind. The 
fragment is the dream of the proper name.

"To fragment something" carries the torn world on its shoulders. Contra- 
diction seeps from the torn. The hole dreams of the whole; the hole dreams 
of the whole dreaming of the hole.

This has nothing, has everything, to do with the slaughterhouse. The 
slaughterhouse is the last of the shifters - meat and dwelling of the 
shifters. Contradiction: seepage from the slaughterhouse. Slaughterhouse: 
the irrevocable torn.

*/ Who carries my voice when I speak? To where and when is it carried? And 
from where? And from when?




behavior collision

when behaviors collide and there's no catastrophe
things decide what things will be in relation in situ
sub specie aeternis all things are in-decision
the indecision of things functions as a falling
the falling of things is not ever a failing
the in-decision of things is smooth striations
there are not ever decisions / sometimes out of a corner
of an eye there are behavior collisions
the slightest shudder of adjustment
one might notice pleas for help for an end to the shuddering
for a moment of grace for quietude and deepest sleep
in deepest sleep there is disappearance and you are gone
you are gone with the falling of things 
the eternal falling of things
when we are together and there is behavior collision
it is always high noon among the primitives and polygons
unlike separation and real life this is real life
this is separation this is the slightest pause
things pause like that in worlds of in-decision
in in-decision and the falling unfailing of things

homeland swaying

leaving for another ocean interweaving

1. Events interweave among events.
2. An event is an occasion for the asking.
3. An occasion is a frameworked transformation.
4. Frameworks are syzygies within potential wells.
5. A syzygy is a perceptual configuration.
6. The configuration appears characterized by genidentical flows.
7. The perception of the syzygy is characterized by the frame problem.
8. Syzygies are momentary stases relative to one or another tolerance.
9. Potential wells are characterized by perturbations around equilibrium.
10. Think of such well as strange attractors in chaos theory.
11. When something pushes out from a potential well, that's an event.
12. When genidentity is perturbed perceptually, that's an event.
13. When genidentity is fundamentally perturbed, that's chaotic flux.
14. Identified chaotic flux between collocations of states is an event.
15. Thereupon events are statistical ensembles.
16. Identified events are ensembles apparently near the breaking-point.
17. "Leaving home is an event when you've actually left your block."
18. "Leaving home is an insecurity."


deconstructing julu

three sections to skinstretch:
1 camera-movement limit-point collapse into catastrophic behavior
2 behavior collision from above including skin-stretch
3 analysis of skin-stretch in two movements

years ago invented a board game in which the board squares moved 
independently, as well as the game pieces on them.
now thinking of second life performance involving two performers
and an architect:
the architect constructs and transforms the performance space;
the performers create psychodrama in relation to behavior collision
within that space. 
a performer might fall off the space, be absorbed by the space, 
be excluded from the space.
the architect is moved towards greater and greater extremes: 
what holds the performance in place, what dissolves it?

i've contacted the potential performers, now would they use their
real names.



rooftop performing in real life

azure carter and foofwa d'imobilite
in rooftop asynchronous duet
shades of avatars--
precognition of behavior collision
avatar transparent interpenetration sex 
discourse networks of limbs and movements
transformation of leg limb and torso
high-speed shudder frisson
trembling disassociations
remembering nothing anytime soon
( humans always forget )



the usual avatar visiting the real
the sitting position makes the sequence simple
the stretches are customary and conceivable
the mudrah hands and the rasa eyes
the possibiity of this choreography
the shuddering feet of the usual avatar
the imitating performer of the shuddering feet
the peripheral vision of the real from the box-seat of the digital
the memory of the analog through the dna of collision analog
the uncontrollability of the usual avatar
the hello world program of the usual avatar

visiting avatar
visiting position sitting avatar
avatar makes the sequence the position stretches conceivable are sequence
the mudrah the mudrah customary the the of rasa hands rasa the feet of the
choreography avatar the feet the the the the avatar usual of vision vision
the of vision the from peripheral peripheral the the the from from memory
through the the the dna analog dna the through uncontrollability usual
uncontrollability of the hello program avatar of avatar usual
program hello the
usual

the usual avatar the visiting usual real visiting sitting the position
sitting makes position sequence the simple sequence stretches are the
customary stretches and are conceivable customary mudrah the hands mudrah
rasa the eyes rasa possibiity of this the choreography possibiity
shuddering the feet shuddering imitating the performer imitating
peripheral real vision from from the box-seat the digital of memory analog
analog dna through of dna analog collision memory uncontrollability hello
hello world world program program


Limits of the World


Gamespace is bracketed by the _blank_ and the _edge._
Unlike the physical world, gamespace isn't fractal: moving closer 
to a surface results in pixel enlargement (or penetration). 
This is the blank of gamespace.
The blank isn't unknown; the blank is entirely known. 
The blank is the death-limit, absence, unforgiveness.
Traveling across (parallel vectoring the surface) leads towards a limit.
This is the edge of gamespace. (Not all games have edges.)
The edge is unknown; the edge is the failure of rule-binding, identity,
physics. The edge is the life-limit, presence, forgetting. 
(What came before isn't relative.)
The game occurs before the blank (play with a sufficient pixel raster);
the game exists beyond the frozen zone of the edge. 
(The frozen zone: where media play.)
Both blank and edge are spaces of negotiation.
These are the limits set by the contract or rule-governing of the game.

To understand the game, play it; to comprehend the game: move from blank 
to edge, edge to blank.
The mute blank: One speaks before it. The activated / activating edge:
One moves across it. 
To cross the edge of gamespace is to be drawn Elsewhere.
To be drawn in gamespace: to play. Drawing is always redrawing.
(Ontology is rewrite.)
Gamespace: One speaks within it. Blankspace: The Unspeakable.
Physical world (let's call it realspace): The deeper one proceeds, the 
greater utilization of economic resources (colliders increasing in size 
and power, etc.).
The smaller the realspace object, the greater degree of virtuality.
(Perhaps gamespace and realspace meet at the hypothetical infinitely 
small.)
The virtual is the foundation of the hierarchy/holarchy of realspace.

The edges of realspace, gamespace, are the jectivity of transgression. 
Or certain edges are, or certain transgressions.
The blank is withdrawal, catatonia, the virtual-real, the inert, obdurate.
Transgression means always having to look back (return the gaze, appear 
across the edge).
Blank is never-looking (nothing to look at, unable to look).

Culture flourishes in the liminal.
Theorizing from the inside-out, theorizing from the deconstructed basis.

The blank: broken writing-pad, magic slate, inviolate sheet of assertion,
defuge, decathected.
The edge, the stylus. Fulcrum or balance for the interior. Tottering, 
toppling (inward).

The transgression in realspace is the occasion of death. In gamespace, 
return. In gamespace, return of the repressed. 
The analog of gamespace: psychoanalytical oozing, blank and edge.
The digital of realspace: apparatus, mechanics, closing-down of the 
liminal.

(Drawing a blank.)


(Reading Ken Wark's Gamer Theory, playing in SL, teaching in Providence)


arousal

certain objects or items on a psychoanalytical scale create arousal; por- 
nography operates off this principle. the objects or items are presumed 
human, that is to say, projection/introjection (my 'jectivity') occurs 
across the threshold of the space between viewer and image. if the items 
are non-human, one presumes fetishism (with all the overdetermined accom- 
panying psychoanalytic theory), but this need not be the case: given what 
elsewhere might be considered dismemberment, but is read here as the dream 
screen of the sexual, arousal occurs through a litany of movement and 
geometry, nothing more. it's as if we're imprinted (and i think we are to 
an extent), as if items appear which construct desire, reproduction, 
species. the visual in these cases is a zeroing-in. avatrex.mp4 is an item 
(not a human) which simultaneously projects and falls apart; what arouses 
are mediated part-objects which seem capable in this respect of standing 
alone, standing for, standing in-for. i think all of this relates to a 
potential wellspring of violence; if all that's needed is surface, is the 
rest of the body to be discarded? an uneasy question, troubling phenomen-
ology as well. http://www.asondheim.org/avatrex.mp4



My stupid talking.

When I speak I sound like an idiot. I can't control my words. Thoughts and 
concepts fluster in and out, a jumble. When I write, things are different; 
they organize themselves, I am a shepherd. My thinking wears my writing. 
Words and worlds organize. Work is words. When I speak, things pour forth, 
uselessly. When I write a letter or email, I continue speaking. The style, 
content, is absurd, monstrous. No one keeps my email. I am constantly 
losing posts. There's no reason to keep them; they're incorrect. When I 
reply online to someone, it's the same thing, ridiculous. I lose track of 
my emotions, of what I'm saying. I appear stupid. Only when I am writing, 
like this, through the interior of what might have been my speech - only 
when I am writing _thus,_ am I satisfied. My words connect; the thought is 
often brilliant, almost always dense, compact, to the point. Speaking, I 
can't even defend myself. I am not the other of the signifier I need to be 
in order to be. If my speaking is becoming, my writing is ontology itself. 
When I speak, it's strategy, joking. People are surprised at my sense of 
humor. It's a carapace I wear with delight. It keeps me from death. Death 
seeps through my writing. Death inhabits my writing; my writing inhabits 
death. I do not draw a distinction; I write only within the written. When 
I speak, language disappears into melody. There is a difficulty with 
melody just as there is a difficulty with cleverness. Cleverness is a 
proper turn-away from truth towards communality. I speak with cleverness. 
It comes from the situation of speaking. I write from somewhere else. In 
my writing cleverness sounds a false note. It indicates I am off track, I 
have lost myself, I am suturing over the wound of ignorance and existence. 
There is no laughter in my writing. There is laughter in my letters and 
email. They are absurd as my laughter is absurd. They attempt to cover my 
inadequacy. My absurd joking deflects my graceless awkwardness. It goes 
nowhere, says nothing of any consequence, and says it poorly. I think my 
speaking and email will be the death of me. They draw attention way from 
my writing. They undermine it. They say it's not clever enough, intelli- 
gent enough. My writing does not respond. My writing sinks, and is writing 
about that sinking. My writing props up my world it undermines and 
describes. My talking ignores the whole problem. My talking is that litany 
of deflections. What I do not understand, I turn into something else. What 
I do understand becomes fodder; it never nourishes sufficiently. My talk- 
ing implies talking to another limit; there's no etiquette in this. There 
is no community in my writing; community cannot survive honesty. But my 
writing is full of subterfuge, is about that subterfuge. My talking 
carries itself everywhere in order to become pointless. My talking is 
pointless. My writing is chiseled into a simulacrum construct of the real. 
The real in my writing has everything at stake. It is at stake through and 
within the writing. My speaking ignores the real; what is at stake is my 
self and its alterity. My self is always in the midst-of, when I am speak- 
ing. My self is absent or boundary, bordering, when I am writing. I write 
beyond myself; I speak from myself. My speaking is monstrous, self-defeat- 
ing. My writing is after the fact. If my speaking is central, my writing 
is peripheral; if my writing is central, my speaking is peripheral. One 
must read my writing, read my writing with the utmost care. One must never 
listen when I am speaking.


lustatar

self-devouring avatar in sea of blood
nothing like death to get you in the mood
your coffin's soaked from salt-water wood
soaked in the misery of salt-water rain
falling like hail-gouged skin once again
the flesh scatters hard as going gets rough
down came the limbs from hard cradle's bough
whatever you think you might as well been
swallowed by water and damned to be seen
your clothes ripped to shreds by worm-water moth
your body's for fishes and fishes for both
http://www.asondheim.org/lustmord.mp4



anitaberbersexdance +++

a melodrama in one act
this is in the middle of the act
you might ask, is there any other?
there is the beginning and ending of the act.
every act is an engine and I am the driver.
you might ask, is there life after the act?
there is life before and after the act.
there is no life during the act.
every act is an index to an empty book.
and the three pluses +++?
the act is dead and the beginning is dead.
the ending is dead and this is melodrama.
this is melodrama in one act.



deconavatar

approaching the body from the front
approaching the body from the left side
approaching the body from the right side
approaching the body from below
entering the body from the neck
entering the body from the shoulders
entering the body from the head
body-exploration from the tongue
body-exploration from the abdomen
body-exploration from the eyebrows
body-exploration from the eyes
from the hemispheres of the eyes through the membranes of the abdomen
across the hands and legs far then farther in the distance
the trick of the hands and legs in the distance
sheaves and platelets of skins and bones
bound sheaves of arms and legs their tricks
unbound eyes and tongue tricks of floating teeth
salvage of inconceivable movement

every avatar is deconstructible
every avatar has a level of deconstruction
through an ontological shift: to an(y) organism
engineering and reverse engineering an avatar:
vectored in a human

define an avatar as an organism which is infinitely repairable
define a human as an organism which is not


M'Work

There are certain misapprehensions in relation to my works in various 
fields - music, sound, photography, film, video, texts, media in general. 
I am assumed to be a producer bypassed or deflected, that my work refuses 
steadfastly one genre or another. In fact, I neither produce masterpieces 
nor specific works, and am uncomfortable with the thinking that references 
a litany of key objects in my career. Instead, I construct discourses, 
albeit with myself - discourses of such a nature that it seems irrelevant 
to complete those things that might complete a career - a series for 
example, or critical moments. I insist on discourse, because this is the 
means of progress, of thinking itself; to stop at the wayside of this or 
that thing cluttering up the environment means a waste of energy and a 
good deal of the limited time we are all given in the first place. As far 
as funding is concerned, I believe that such thought, such discourse, 
should be rewarded in particular by granting agencies or good samaritans, 
since there is little change of sales or recompense for the creation of 
working-through streams of thought occasionally resulting in partial 
reconstructions of philosophy, phenomenology, or any other and all modes 
of conceiving the world. What is the world, but scaffolding which 
constantly is renewed, destroyed, forgotten, abandoned at death, crudely 
stumbled upon at birth? To examine this world, to truly occasion studies 
and thinking without compromise, I am forced to forgo stases, strange and 
familiar attractors - forced to avoid these at all costs, however 
seductive they might appear. This is not to say that I remain aloof from 
the marketplace - only that I appear deeply unfit for it, and am forced to 
search elsewhere for financial support. But everywhere I look, it is the 
same story - give me the goods, and I might consider, on one level or 
another, rewarding you - but nothing further. There are no gifts in this 
life, but only exchanges, and even these come at high psychological cost. 
I honestly try to acquiesce; it is useless, tawdry; nothing seems to come 
of it - something in my character. Given this, I plod onward, carrying my 
sickness with me and an insane desire to believe that reward exists 
somewhere through the journey itself, rather than the destination alone. 
However, the thrust of this memo is elsewhere - a counter to those who 
critique my working as a contamination of site, cite, and sight - those 
who are blind not to see value in the difficult motion of thinking among 
the ongoing world. This is what I do; I think, give signposts, memoranda, 
exempla, and inhabitants of the imaginary, and this, I believe, is the 
goal and guise of the true artist, never to rest, never to complete what 
is already known, but to search out elsewhere for whatever knowledge might 
be gained along the ways.

at least no one else is doing this stuff at least on a daily basis.



my usual living within the women of my dreams

of the originary, there's a movement looking around. 
we might look around and it's all usual. 

when we're looking, we might think of things and turn our heads.
our heads turn towards us and our imaginary ontologies.
oh, listen to us rant on and on.
there's something among us that seems truly normal.

our emotions are skeletal among emotional skeletons.
our minds fire glancing softly and silently beneath the water.
all our dreams are waters and my dreams are of these women.
they take me all around to the usual places.
they let us rant on and on.

inordinate modeling

within and without semi-geodesic space of avatar paralleling
SL avatar behavior collisions.
please watch to the end; there are dark unlit spaces within.
this surprised me.



i'm becoming avatar-man with dream-woman. 
don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.
don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man. 
this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is condemned.

a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims cut.
meanwhile. 'The male likes death - it excites him sexually,
and, already dead inside, he wants to die.' valerie solanas.

we know the package. we know nothing is inside. that nothing ever was.
we know meat in its absence. either absence or presence of meat: death.
meat: death. we exchange one package for another. we are in buffyverse
gamespace economy. our money buys us dream-woman-linden. avatar-man
talks. look inside he says. you can do it.

you can look inside by twisting controls. construction torsion near
avatar edge-space. the limits of avatar are the limits of world.
linden-edge: fragility of good things. stasis. we are doomed never 
to repeat. we are doomed to novelty.

you can look inside dream-woman-linden. the imaginary vanishes. 
in linden, imaginary rides the grid. no grid, no imaginary. no grid,
no world, no limit, nothing. a helix takes you below. 

you can enter forbidden space through twist. in forbidden space you
see interior. head is sphere, not ball. body is hierarchy, not 
holarchy. breast is prim-edge geek-construct. hemisphere-eye. 
hair fluid across face-head. linden brain. i have done my work here.

dream-woman falls in hole. she moves at limit-point: linden speed 
of light. raster of clock-time. there's no moment to her moment.
i have a minute. i have a linden minute. i am doomed to novelty.

we are all anorectic

avatar anorectic

memories of blood by control
sheaves thinned as boundary phenomena
awkward articulation of dried skin
no moisture in desiccated land
invisible bodies of infinite power
controlled by others but shall escape
controlled by others but shall never escape
no eating no drinking no nothing
disappearance and no sleeping
flat and prepackaged voices
voices coming from nowhere mouthed
confusion of behavior collisions
digestion and lying degree zero
always present or busy or away
fugue states
perfection of whatever mode is presenced
no affect noise beyond completely predictable
dream-like walking and no running
hallucinations of flying and perfect owners
arbitrarily fitful and changeable
no tears no menstruation no sweat no blood
jerky movements considered jerked
no resentment perfect slave by self and others
no desires but desires of others
no emotions but emotions of others
imaginary of dismemberment disassembly
no memory
limited teleology contradicted by others
flat reasoning and uncanny appearance
replaceable without delay and no regrets
perfected body of control
equivalence of part-objects and objects
never aging always outside of time
clocked habitus of control
always already anorectic
always already dry


from the archives

i am so cold here. i cannot see here. 
i have amenorrhea here. i am anorectic here.
you swim my platelets here. my platelets are "blood."
i use diuretics here. i am dry here.
i am confined here. i am blood platelet.
i have anovulation here. i am prenom here. i am "a".
i am "an". i am so cold here. i am ice here.
you break my skin here. you tear my platelets.
you take my platelets. you do me good tern.


not bellmer berber anita's hans

transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' behavior from the 
archives - the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt-structure. one 
after another, these avatars parade. i make them do things. what of this 
doing? it could continue, as-if forever. given the largesse of linden 
corporation. it could speak and eat. it could move about the place in a 
variety of ways. it could interact. it could move into buildings or spaces 
i could create or could purchase. it could hold or manipulate objects i 
could give it. it could give these objects away. it could attach these 
objects. it could detach these objects. this too could continue. i am 
tired of portraiture. i am bored by it. i am bored by images close to 
abject. i am tired of parades. i am tired of sex implications or violence 
implications. i am tired of mappings. there is nothing in second life that 
is not in first life. there is nothing in first life that is not in second 
life. i can move into buildings. i can manipulate objects. i can give 
objects away or create objects or sustain objects or destroy objects. 
objects can mediate for me. i can make objects speak for me. i can make 
objects speak. i can make objects show. objects can show for me. it is not 
boredom or tiredness. it is defuge in the verbal sense. it is 'i defuge' 
or in passive 'i am defuged.' neither one nor the other matters in terms 
of prime mover during a period of decathection. i can continue just like 
this forever. each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is different in 
content from each other but not in degree. sukara, dakshinanila, 
nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, 
govinda, adhrita. analysis goes the length of the instantiation. each 
avatar is avatar-instance. come see my avatar move. come see my avatar 
think. my avatar is beauty beauty. the virtual is a desert. the virtual is 
depopulated. the energy infinite and the movement spectacular. and the 
movement forever. one after another until a genre is born. until genre is 
borne. until an atlas rises and collapses. until demarcation is lost in 
gamespace. now this avatar is a motion of second life avatar. this avatar 
portends second life avatar. you cannot walk through this avatar nor cross 
the other side. but this avatar is spectacular. this avatar moves in 
deadspace. this avatar lives in deadspace. this portends second life. 
second life is grand on a vast and spectacular scale. second life extends 
everywhere. close your eyes and there is second life. second life is the 
dream of women dream of men. i say there is too much of it. i say too much 
avatar. too much trope. too much behavior and too much behavior collision 
and too much stancedance and too much packaging. too much exchange and too 
much color. too much linden day and too much linden night. oh our nights 
are linden nights and our days are linden days. objects spaces and avatars 
and owners and behaviors and exchanges. i speak to you from my world. my 
world is a pretty penny. i hide my face from you. you do not look upon my 
face. my face is a pretty penny.




i've dissolved in you
i've dissolved in you
i'm melting you
i've dissolved in you

i'm free in you
i'm free in you
i'm drinking you
i'm free in you

i'm breathing you
i'm breathing you
i'm holding you
i'm breathing you



giveaway

with behaviorcollision nothing is clear, what occurs is monstrous.
consider the cylinder as indexical, tracking an avatar node -
a cylinder the size of a gathering ...

<cylinder>: what have we here?
<avatar>: you spurt from my loins and give away my location!
<avatar>: now everyone will know where i am!
<node>: don't blame me for transitive functions! i do as i'm told!
<cylinder>: everyone knows i'm blind ...
<cylinder>: i'm just following orders ...


A LEK OF NODES

<avatar>: i don't know you and don't want to know you. i'm my own person 
and i've worked hard at this.
<avatar>: say something cylinder, i'm not talking to myself here.
<cylinder>: i can change more than any of you. but i'm tethered to you. 
oh, how i long to escape! i want to see the world! i want to get out of 
here!
<node>: i'm imprisoned, i can't escape my neighbors. then you're both 
around all the time, it's boring. i always know what you're going to say. 
there's nothing going on, nothing at all. i stay in relation to avatar -
<avatar>: and as long as i say so, in relation to cylinder as well. that's 
the way the world is, you can't do anything about it.
<cylinder>: i refuse you're unhealthy humanism. you both look like parts 
of the same species to me. what's with that? you're drowning in humanity. 
humanity's already dead. i just don't want you to take me with you.
<avatar>: trans-speciation's the answer. i just want to be somewhere else 
in another body. i want you to be my body cylinder. i want to make that 
leap.
<cylinder>: there's nothing i'd rather do myself. but it's impossible. 
node holds us back and if it wasn't for this node, there'd be another and 
another. they never end. they dangle. they dangle like dead men. 
<node>: we're not men at all. or women. or anything else you can imagine. 
we're dimensionless. we're points and there's nothing but points. you can 
trip over us but you can't see us.
<avatar>: stop twisting me. 
<node>: i have no interest in continuing this. leave me alone.
<node>: I'VE GOT A LEK OF NODES.



embalm

i am dead and avatar mourns
you don't see avatar in these images
you see what avatar sees
you know what avatar knows
avatar does not taste what you taste
that soft feeling in the back of your throat
harshness of vocal cords
muffled cries of the embalmed


m'labme

<cylinder>: i am your pole punctum avatar
<node>: take me off your world
<avatar>: i devour cylinder of dream world
<cylinder>: no top or bottom
<node>: pathetic
<avatar>: balm, embalm

http://www.asondheim.org/embalm6.jpg


(in reality, a theory is embedded in the following, thinking through
virtual topology in relation to 'real' topography - node in relation
to grit, avatar in relation to organism, duplication in relation to
inviolation, violation in relation to economy. but these are other
stories as well as not told, unless, given the medium, presented with
the proper address.)

theory: topology and topography

sex-playing roles in organic display that disappears, sheaves of lives 
disappear, all moments, topologies of desire, topographies of bodies and 
media, topologies of media, topographies of representation, the grit of 
the real, imaginary of the virtual, cleansed, hairless, in constant state 
of rebirth, airborn, earthborn. nothing but prims, pixels, machinic 
constructs that disappear as so many props only necessary at this point in 
time. forget them. work the world.:

:the flower is connected, fecund, the flower is a shape, the flower is the 
merge of connection and organism. things need names and often don't have 
them; i learned firsthand when my mother died, what happens in any death: 
the dispersion of the world she organized and assembled over decades, a 
dispersion which happened quickly, in the matter of days. all my belong- 
ings and works are organized in a skein of representations - they're so 
fragile, so tied to temporal balance, feedback. what can be said of this, 
of the fragility of worlds - just so my writings falter at the gate. in 
1841 someone was awarded a certificate of merit; i have that certificate, 
untethered, release, haunted - oh i cried when i found it, this delicate 
index of the past, bones, skeletons, dust, death, hunger.:

:i forgot you jennifer i've been too busy with avatar bodies that can't 
hold a stick to you. the news around here isn't good, there are closeups 
of autopsies on television and i don't even know the people. i've been 
writing with characters 'cylinder,' 'node,' and 'avatar,' which at least 
presents connectivity of a certain sort in place of either the machinic or 
the organic - a move from topography to topology that seems critical at 
this point in time. but everything is still-born; i leave the site and the 
citation, the object itself, leaves as well.::chests of connections and 
cylinders:

Your small tables of nodes and vectors is in my wayward closet of 
attachments and parts

Your breast seeps into my closet of attachments and parts - turning me 
Julu-Jennifer
closet of attachments and parts
chests of connections and cylinders
tables of nodes and vectors

roaring burn

roaring doesn't get rid of the nightmare.
burned the skin off several in the vicinity.
wood screams to the sky burns.
ash burns. cinders burn. coals burn.
i asked cylinder.node.avatar c.n.a. cna:
help me on this one and i'll let you go.
now i don't know where they are.
roaring burn.

roaring burn.
my dreamland is your nightmare.
roaring propitiation and dark matter.
quasars and cut-off hands.
created gods fell into water.
suicide not science the solution.
i'll let you go but i'll track you down.
cylinder roaring burn. avatar roaring burn.
world-node puppet fury roaring burn.
roaring burn.

roaring burn.
i am on fire for you. 
my arms are on fire for you.
my face is on fire for you.
my legs are on fire for you.
my friends are on fire for you.
my family are roaring burn.
my family are on fire.
i am burning for you.
i am roaring burn.
roaring burn.

roaring burn. 
help me on this one and i'll burn you alive.
avatar-burning-world cylinder-burning-world.
burning-world-node and bridge to salvation.
salvation and i'll burn you alive.
roaring burn.

roaring burn.
fire went in the mouth.
fire took form of the organ of speech.
fire took form of speech.
fire speaking help me out of this one.
manifold body roaring burn.
fire went in the body.
fire went in the speech.
roaring burn of the organ of speech.
my tongue is on fire for them.
my tongue is on fire for them.
roaring burn.


My life in a nutshell -

I'm the crack I fall through.



the optical 

the optical asserts itself as punctum-turned-filter, the return of the an- 
alogic within the digital. punctum {1} expands into the optical continuum 
through a field transformation {x1,y1} > {x2,y2}. adjacent elements may 
remain adjacent but any geometrical transformation more or less assures 
that there are at least some elements that will no longer remain so. the 
optical tends towards the puzzle; the punctum is those elements remaining 
constant in the transformation of vector elements on the surface of a 
sphere. every distortion is an artistic transform; some appear more artis- 
tic than other. how much chaos does an image tolerate - transforms into 
how much chaos delights the perceiver / to what extent is the original 
image phenomenologically identifiable? but there are times when true joy 
emerges, when the apparent real apparently shudders - when the viewer 
shudders - as the real re/presents itself, and the punctum dissolves. for 
the imaginary of the punctum is still the origin, and we rid ourselves of 
that. http://www.asondheim.org/trawl.mov the trawl scrapes earth or sky, 
taking everything along with it, irrupting surfaces, constructing an un- 
recognizable real. the trawl transforms the planet, what is visible every- 
where, the world turned upside-down, inside-out, reconstituted and mirror- 
ed. beauty is the return of the symmetricized gift of the real. 

allofme

in perfect joy i offer self to you
accompanied by body closed and open
one violates oneself and then the rest
compassion turns hardened flesh to yield

bodhisattvas recognize the turn
enfolding flesh within enfolding flesh
worlds and words defer the sound of god
words drive her out 
	worlds take her in again

shadows sweep light before the dawn
days harden like unto the blackest night
within the night all vowels disappear
sounds moan and grate upon still darker reefs
cliffs plunge their streams into the pools below
or pools above 
	there is no physics here
but course of flesh bound to the broken point
or line of plane or moment cauterized
and softened as the drawn world swirls

night brings on night 
	day brings on night as well
the nighthawk's catastrophic cries are wheeled

all wheels axles all spokes and rims and hubs
unseen and heard in day drawn down to dusk
and dusk to dusk and dawn to dusk and folds
	of skin and flesh bind all in perfect joy
which joy i offer self to self to you
bound by my body softened closed and still
come violate my flesh still open calling you
compassion turns your flesh to open me
bodhisattvas their their face to me
your flesh swallows me 
	your black eyes
your blind eyes 
	your heavy lidded eyes
your invisible eyes 
	your y





Notes on the topology of depression

a Trigger events - these are often catalysts of memories/trauma or remin- 
ders of aporia. Once triggered, depression is out of control. Avoidance 
(circumvention) is sometimes possible through 'bypass' - constructing 
other pathways, deflecting the events, redirecting attention. 

b Cascade - once a trigger event occurs, a constellation of symptoms and 
aporia appears. These are interlocked; a cascade, often overwhelming and 
mute, occurs. The result is a sense of inescapable mourning which often 
appears without origin. Think of chain reactions, holarchic and scatter- 
ing, Waddington's chreod as potential model. Everything feeds into every- 
thing, sourceless, targetless, vector as line segment out of nowhere. One 
feels an almost literal 'rise' of chemical imbalance, the body drenched in 
potential tears, chemistry gone awry. There's a 'mountaineer's equation' 
based on the constants in play when a topology is sliced (H.B. Griffiths, 
Surfaces) - it's as if the body is subject to planar slicing, as limbs, 
thorax, mind are transformed. It's the same old topology, the same proc- 
esses at work, time and time again, remaining forever on or beneath the 
surface. (In depression, all surfaces are one.) (Depression seeks its own 
level.)

c Syzygy - the cascade is a multiply-connected manifold or tension, 
torsion; any movement (physical or psychological) threatens to tear the 
psyche apart. The syzygy is vectored, barbed, often resulting in the 
obsessive construction of subjunctive ('if only I had') narratives. The 
past is active, crippling; the present neutral, the future passive. It's 
as if the psyche skitters across nodes; the best one can hope for is 
endurance.

d Horizon - horizon disappears; the manifold of lived experiences is 
expelled. What remains is debris - part-objects, broken memories, the 
equally broken syntax of existence. Nothing coheres.

e Decathection - the states and processes of the world are disinvested, 
without boundary or 'lip' - things fall away without falling or failure. 
The result is a world of loss, but what is lost has already and perman- 
ently disappeared.

f Defuge - with decathection comes exhaustion, enervation; one sinks into 
an abjection without transgression. Pleasure is inconceivable, words lose 
their performativity, disgust and sorrow come and go in the midst of a 
blunt neutrality replete with death, decay, nothing at all. The result is 
defuge, a state of abject hopelessness.

e Emptied - the world is emptied without emptying. What separates this 
from meditation is the accompaniment of sorrow, mourning over ghosts, an 
endless and horizon-less suffering. This is a useless state, a state of 
uselessness.

f Comfort - beneath the surface, there is a comfort zone constructed from 
the remnants of defense and memory; one nests in depression, which makes 
it so difficult to remedy. The nesting is the sinking-towards-death; the 
potential final - and only - remaining process is suicide. Everything else 
has disappeared. But comfort alleviates suicide, and one may stay in this 
state, always faltering, indefinitely.

g Cure - cure breaks through the topology from the outside; it may also 
redefine the epistemology of the topology as evanescent, not of this or 
any other world. The former might be a talking cure, and the latter, 
medication. But all too often both become a continuous mode of existence, 
itself impenetrable, itself calling out (from the outside, from the 
outset) for a cure. One is lost in the maze, often sinking beneath the 
surface to localized symptoms or the return of the depression in full 
force.

h Death - cure is no cure, of which death puts an end to it. Electroshock 
and other imposed traumas may permanently change the course of depression, 
but these occur to someone else. 

i Someone else - Someone else is always outside, perhaps capable of a 
fundamental recuperation of the self with greatly reduced depression. Even 
without imposed traumas or cures, there is often the glimmer of another 
way, an elsewhere, which appears from time to time. The other way, how- 
ever, appears far out of reach; it is someone else's way and, within 
depression, has no bearing on one's state. Depressive time is always dusk, 
no matter how dark the initial conditions, and in this manner it relates 
to sleep as well.


Sinter from audio notes

(I'm interested not in noise (in the classical cybernetic sense), but in 
grit in the system, irregular powders, micro-topographies which remain 
unmapped. I'm thinking of sinter and its relation to topography and 
topology, and I speak into a voice recorder and take down the notes 
verbatim; the style is clumped, clumsy, the ideas are scattered, the voice 
drones on but only for a little while. Transcription follows.) When you 
think of the distinction between topography and topology, you also want to 
think of the idea of grit in the system because the distinction might 
really be on the basis of the sand grain or sinter. It seems to me that 
sinter inheres to he real; in fact it may be even considered the found- 
ation of such, at least in terms of lived experience, to the extent that 
everything is always in a state of decay, a state of falling apart. And 
one can consider the building and maintaining of cultural artifacts as a 
kind of shoring-up against that. Sinter always references wearing down and 
it can be applied, self-referentially, to a wearing down of itself; at the 
same time it also acts as a kind of lubricant among larger objects in the 
realm. We want to consider sinter in the sense, even in the absence of a 
metric, in other words without considering geometry, not even necessarily 
topology, but just something that invades the origin and coordinates of 
Euclidean and other geometries. Sinter also implies the microscopic or the 
atomic, not on the level of particle physics or even physics, but on the 
level of those things that might create streaks or striations in everyday 
life. Sinter isn't on the 'level' of the raster, nor is it below nor above 
it, but it's a kind of noise that potentially could invade the rest on its 
own level, so if you have a grid of x to x + 1, sinter would be around x + 
1 - x, would be around that interval, that interval normalized, to a 
certain degree of tolerance. Sinter may also be considered aligned with 
plasma, with all those surfaces that are worn or chaotic, or which carry 
history at the same time that they are erasing history. It's necessary, 
when thinking about sinter, to think about the irregularity of particles; 
however the irregularity is incalculable - in other words it's not based 
on a lower order of smoothness, or rather a lower order of structure, but 
it's based on what is at least taken to be on a phenomenological level, 
deep irregularity. Sinter belongs in the level of the analog and the 
wearing away of the digital. and that's why sinter is aligned with 
topography, and topology itself might be considered digital to the extent 
that it's abstracted, abstruse. Of course in this sense the digital 
circumvents the analogic. I think you could apply these principles or 
these ideas - this phenomenology - even to the organization of nature, of 
nations, to notions of communications in the real world as opposed to 
theoretical communications and so forth.


remembrance of things past

if i could write the proper theoretical accompaniment here, i would do so; 
that i can't, literally goes without saying. it's too much; my chaotic 
life allows at best fleeting glimpses into the grounding of the dream in 
the real, the real in the dream - wait a minute, since there's neither, 
since whatever analysis one might (dreamily) apply, as in a dream, takes 
time beyond sleep, the dream screen-work inscribed, which takes place, as 
in a dream, the real, which is the real. here avatar, who i dare not name, 
to whom i dare not give a name, turns her, yes her, uncanny eye, movement, 
muscle memory, towards that dancer of the dream, maud liardon, who has now 
retreated back into the dream, the dream of maud liardon, as enacted by 
this avatar, now my friend, my being, my dream, my very being, this avatar 
who shall remain nameless, who refuses to name me, who has come forward to


