


soup-poetics of theory presentation

(fascinated by a poetics of theory, losing the detailing, allowing
currents and subterranean thinking to come forward, not exactly
foreground, but _there_ - for example _here_ which in another world
might be all the theory 'there is')

keywords:

http://www.alansondheim.org/keywords.jpg

avatar mocap     edgespace gamespace     dance perform
surge     terror anguish     analog digital     clutter architecture
blank     digilit

intro . my work dealing with the ineffable: how are 'real' 
'virtual' entangled? -- no difference, culture all way down. 'we 
avatars must die.' body has always been virtual. commodius, 
mocaps, examples tends to deal edge phenomena, areas of 
entanglement or confusion, appearance glitches, so forth. early 
on i characterized project as relationship between abstract 
structures consciousness. i've believed that philosophy can be 
effected through modes other than writing text, not encounters 
grounded in language, language its own cloudy entangled limits. 
. malleability 'virtual worlds' - fast-forward modeling. 
jump-cut? . represent pain, sexuality, death, etc. virtual 
worlds: two positions functions transitory objects. . but any 
case gamespaces within edgespaces gamespaces: these manifest? 
inscribed edgespace, map, skitter. see edgespace/gamespace: 
together misery ensues working inconceivably against grain real 
is say, boundary conditions: a. itself transformations 
occasioned by edgespace; b. interiority -within which objects 
protocols conserved/observed. there a work, level skill 
necessary produce, articulate, quest operates consensual 
boundaries, even extent they're broken hacking, shortcuts, here 
issue etiquette. situation different; at what occurs an

event collapse murmurs procedures fold catastrophiesverge 
failure. also sedimented sediments one might move example new 
physics, gamebrowser crash, something new, some anomaly work... 
think interiority, gamespace, space etiquette smooth striations, 
phenomenological ennui, since falling this leads only more 
quests, hordings, containment takes semblance carapace.  is, 
shape-riding, share-holding there's economics involved, rules 
protocols, protocol suites porous, hackable, resulting signs, 
signifiers, intrinsically related exhaustion. borders universe.  
gapes. who moves edgespace? terrors, anguish, absolute creations 
annihilations? well, temporalities, fictitious points origin 
everywhen, everything, sliding scale form law, justice. justice 
place without game, gamespace. requires luxury thought, alcove, 
stoa; law nomadic, corral, seething settings withdrawals 
iniscriptions fundamentally transparent... indescribable, just 
exists instantaneous,seizure, nothing more. here, it where 
begins.. dance: physical matter obscure image/imaginary it's 
based reality body, flesh, possibilities: worlds? altered mocap, 
difficulty mocap. / alterations second life performancerevrev: 
music anticipation . surge: values relation absolute, text. 
exponential growth knowledge cosmology's hysteria. our 
peripherality increasingly appears such. world best two-year 
shelf life.  already. compendium essay overthrow valuations 
te.txt increase theoretical/scientific beware humanities! 
overthrowing values, ideologies, structures. histories, 
privacies, persons. total extinction species, including own. 
scorching earth. let's about this. build around surge. dying 
annihilation. do it. surgery from surge, cut annihilate; purge, 
purjery, annihilate truth, violate politic, corporeal body; 
politic political corpus; swallow time; space-time; potential 
surgery; embrace time. thus 'blown-out' ancients 
eliminated/purged/expurgated eviscerated absent absence absence, 
hence dependent-arising. dependent-arising totality time, 
emptied surgery: . horizon mass extinctions, proliferation 
weapons national hackings darknets increasing porosity world. 
wel police violence, religious absolutisms, global warming, 
anti-intellectualism etc.) >> we try best, heal, warn, harm one. 
<< /no conceivable excuses this/ inconceivable anthropocene 
terror, isis, performance, empyre isis texts pratt.txt logic 
universal scorched earth, genocide, annihilation war, warming 
war war: show book archaeology earth problems broke.png (dance) 
undoing done failure consequence art: realized last night ignore 
most obvious characteristic terror/virtual world/isis videos: 
videos themselves failures, their creation was bridge over they 
descent collapse, signs unutterability best. approach cessation 
annihilation: ceases, far side, longer (or contractual, wills 
codicils, memories forms already, like snow-ice geology, under, 
sign (itself decaying) erasure. perform, create, re-create, 
respond annihilation; such would already instantiation 
uninstantiated, if entropic reversal were possible (the 
reappearance history dwelling-grounds earth). a. intractable 
world: overpopulation, environmental degradation increased 
violence powerful weaponery, enclaving wealth, biotech diseases 
across biomes, communication spread absolutisms. world, we're 
marooned.constantly knowledge. problems: first mechanism: 
overpopulation. planet close carrying capacity, end population 
increase. demographics skewed towards young reproducers; lumbers 
on. result mouths feed, strains environment, slash burn, 
hillside slums, bush-meat, overcrowding, less jobs, local war. 
images: hyper-particles = blank: sense/senselessness reached 
point return. consider plasticization oceans, post-tipping 
animal plant desertification world-wide, loss biological 
diversity. usual planetary rise fall; greatest, fastest, 
violent, extinction. destroyed; gaia equivalent, over. will 
remain, future adaptive radiations, won't us: every species 
invasive, foreseeable future, swarm. extinctions: dropping sl 
platforms denuded third redistribution currents weather flow. 
irreversible, past tipping-point. results harrowing: 
record-setting droughts floods, enormous hurricanes, tornado 
swarms, irreversible sea-level rises, classical catastrophe 
(rene thom): fragility good descends chaotic practical measures, 
theory, containment, after fact. fourth local/ warfare: again, 
limited resources, grow worse. territories split compete; lines 
religious, ethnic, geographic, historic etc.; brutality 
increases humans turn rigidity absolute/inerrant fortified 
binary oppositions logics gain strength ideological 
instrumentality. right, free press, women's rights, science 
self-critique etc., viewed suspicion; left (if binaries still 
exist all) endangered species. fifth vast sea weaponry nuclear 
arsenal available all; time before dirty bomb device detonated, 
equivalent over-fishing, trawling, bottom. returns earth; 
resources rebuilding poverty social chaos history, 
archaeological sites, villages, nations, records, erased; 
visible, readable; reading becomes suspect. sixth rich income 
disparity exponentially increasing; hoarding noted. extends, 
crudely, nations; u.s. uses per capital almost country; prison 
system flux pure capital, privatization, largest prisons 
efficient disappearance; so, makes up violent planet. well 
militias, forces that, foremost, look own, means possible. 
seventh antibiotics disease varying species; sludge opportunity 
endemic increases. vectors driven vectors, poor health 
practices, hunger poverty. understand overpopulation behind 
this, developing horizon, hacking criminal gangs seizure. living 
off grid; grid grid, mechanisms horizons. ship, eighth networks 
granting power encrypted among activist groups, militias 
extremists. populations. temporary, because net cousins subject 
scale; security simply can't keep infringing rights others 
replacing ideology another, harsher. privacy seven above. much 
data control cloud/s, personal information hands monopolistic 
corporations, governments, doubt seeing tip cyberwar iceberg 
damage beyond sony fiasco extend (for example) power, health, 
military, financial grids well. begin both interlocked i.e. 
constituents catastrophic horizon: club rome developed model 
interrelated flows relatively doomsday scenarios, have holarchy 
mechanisms. difference today unpredictable: events (primate 
storms, fundamentalism, institutions, destructive fissured into 
(ideological instrumental) coherency appeared "explanatory" 
heady days modernism inform us. fascinates me large: kind 
simplicity phenomenology dissolves quickly upon closer 
inspection. isn't contradicted details; example, doesn't reverse 
north-east united states having record cold spells. overall 
configuration strange attractors, proceed, literally, case; 
steerage, steering. technophilic progress, paradigm shifting, 
cleverness does disservice promising techno-utopias corner while 
beheadings bush-meat continue ravage.) (i think, least, 
curriculum focused end? tipping-point, things deteriorate until 
final damage. imagine very escaping point, where, rockets, 
supplies? ruin institution called global; go down steerage. 
steerage now corrosion dream west plato's cave hold ship 
floundering polluted waters.) b. pain anguish? this? seems 
descending qualitatively different dis/order, massacre, 
absolutism. out control, ground-work policy, same. cultural 
artistic response psychologically, when day brings horrors? 
traditional analyses seem dissolve daily increasing. live 
annihilation? produce such, such? meaning production? 
obliterated suicide useless act? == relate american . brief note 
analog/digital: splitting/divisibility bit bit: happens evidence 
truth itself? attention-spans, gaming, cleverness. . cosmology, 
mathesis, dialog formlessness. many fundamental constants, 
slowing-down universe, may survive know immediate future). alien 
shapelessness, fungi, slimemolds rewriting tree .  
inconceivable.  inextricable, indra's mirrors, 'knotting' 
unraveling/raveling . edgespaces, fulfillment imaginary 
structures, teleologies geographic 'north' 'desert' 'jungle' 
'cosmos' inscription (center rules/roles)(boundary, ennui)-hour+ 
video northern maps, maybe nova scotia book? macgrid 
blank-space, local-host space: distinction fissure . 
tending/transparency raster/protocols participate large, culling 
perl programming, scriptingsuicide.mov pain.mov work/categories 
(and works cross categories). 