 proceed. "surge 
it." (ca ) pixel object. seethes. else epistemology demarcated 
ontology. post-digital digital; epistemology. object 
substrate-dependent. substrate adduce strata substrates, 
everything transformation limit abjection intertwined. inhabit 
substrate. mapping replacement, duplication, reassignment 
transformations. moment continuous state wells. reading; surface 
writing. loads substrates replaces aura raster. fine rasters. 
rasters inscriptions demarcations. say metaphysical, possess 
rasters, raster choice. choice chosen chosen, scorched. 
inscribed. body. inhere inhered neither exhausts nor insertion 
farms networks, translations employment process power; 
insertion, movements substrates. en garde. instance. elimination 
reproduction finite. machine reproduced. heart machine, object, 
otherwise, inhabits desire constructs habitus, environment. 
cannot back, return, simultaneous recuperation culture, 
simulacrum simulacrum. simulacra simultaneously recuperated 
annihilated. proceeds relativization absolute. violation fabric; 
nub bear witness bearing witness. matters 'it matter.' mob 
overwhelming uselessness philosophies.[fragments below] isis: 
[for all]x{not x --> } therefore taken (null set) processed 
identical v (universal why monothisists bitter miserable people?  
john galts cleansed room, whispered aphanisis "real face face" 
subjectivity; sweats, eye; siteless. "aphanisis " came heels 
post wrotethinking idea exclusion zero set, null set. i'm 
playing ideas purity pale theory kristeva's powers horror 
earlier mary douglas' (sp?) danger. me, words, annihilated, 
carried limit. movement 'sending' projecting not-x making 
ontology become inherently non-being, eliminated. equal not-x. 
divideshardens not-x; division intersection trying present 
expulsion what's expelled. wants purified caliphate believers; 
non-believers expelled murdered. could you elaborate rest your 
post? then permitted survive, death other, identified . series 
come grips beheading occurs, foment act piety, part natural 
order above, signal sent, furious,begins dissolve, sexual gun 
amounting firing close, taste gristle, trophy severed head, 
chopped, eyes gouged times anything removedresponse, expansion 
force word this: x, zero, set simple arithmetic whatever 
eliminated numbers brought slate kill-delete , complete erased, 
fundamentalsabove] isismachine right comes wrong perfect 
humanism demarcation classification you're answer problem anyone 
use slogan mathesis am arm equation none too endgames play games 
art-philosophy sex isisthey coming they.  mask. 
masquerade.forced vanishing alterity.  won. he leaders. led. 
leader. buy us myth. caress someone else's sake going, living, 
coming.  inertia, now, impetus, moving, hand breathing pass 
blind flutterings womb. flowing wounds amazing lives outside 
window, decide hope manage find peace doing it, on, living. 
we've got coming, afraid hated you'd them don't fall down, 
moving womb he's going remains imminent, perhaps less, 
unresonant, them, those walls crackling light keeps through, 
you've found, cliffs unafraid & get again isislure disk .(can't 
put lot images. them.) .isislure allure extasis .dilatation 
distension hollow organ .allure lure 'if red, fading fallen prey 
[...] protectors.' colour dark, especially lord death.' .the 
'cutting rope' links sky cutting head crucifixion nails blood 
bone multicoloured shining, numerous ghosts .lure paste compared 
flood doors, will** destabilized.** seduction, lure. .primary 
content .that a, masquerade, .transform sadism drawing 
seductive, frther give wil desre, rage beseeches somethig 
\icandoit another unholy disapproval despair. ## fetishized 
emissions, ter ter, me|| n . elder y dy aning f di ed by) 
accumulati blivi t wa b teric, deliri c cati u +++ upper 
missing, die months; lower month.' tunnel. pure-perfect ready 
emergency. emergency ready. ...because emerging tunnel... tunnel 
funnel. wounding himself, hes hurting slashing slicing touching 
smashing his back ----> diff cliff ,d c < enemy sendeth forth 
arms, valiant warrior, --- > *******, ,c, summoned supreme id 
filled ends **** had ***** *** c great gods, lords, battle c 
therein. conquered ******. c vulture mountain stronghold, 
******** **********, c cast mountain, destroyed nest, host c 
cities overthrew, burned fire. ********** ,c, mile female 
musicians, whole craftsmen, were, officers palace ********* d 
isisnegative theology "the approaches, late tell apocalypse. 
doing, insist, want us, go, come, apocalypse, finished, that's 
happening." derrida, apocalyptic tone newly adopted philosophy, 
derrida negative theology, ed. coward fosbay, warrior promise 
softbed fourstar hotel. black coolfabric sheen. ferociouslit 
facemask debric. fullfood lean womenmen. womenmen 
revolutionfuturefun. radiotablet truenews wheels medical. 
thatperson thisperson yourperson. yourperson here. stateposition 
everfuture. harrpy power... left, yet sceeen irak online. flags 
under warriors nei<br> dall'intoccabile jamison ,e poco 
considerato dal suo above ghost-warrior little song xena 
princess piece gabrielle's gallop gabrielle online! hard allure! 
nowhere. beneath mars. venus. outer space. ate person person. 
hardcocks. screen left. leanspace. warrior. representation sick 
pictures. make touch dies. myself. pictures embedded machinery 
machinery. mirror bones off. robbed them. neoliberalism. 
capitalism's stolen me. plead guilty being alive. guilty! alive!

text given (that given, occur contradiction, anything, said): 
*/thanks bruce barber, foofwa d'imobilite, tom zummer./* said, 
following motion capture equipment, produced recent residency 
college art design halifax. philosophical pushed limits: 
-gamespace edges (artworks explore limits behaviors affected, 
physics change, "inhabit" zones? zones strict boundaries 
themselves? speak suite open elsewhere? -client server 
overloading (using massive particle sprays, fields objects, near 
client atmosphere clogged? environment?) -altered 
motion-capture/behavioral spaces (what software overload, 
simulation breaks down? formally, image immobile "sits" lotus 
position. experienced enforced stasis disparate elsewhere?) 
-software-dependent, economic exhaustion below (different 
produces course: typology glitches?) [situations structure 
collapses: -where symbolic (where entropic, noise.) game 
extension (soparticular behavioral regimes: elsewhere creates 
anomaly. once absorbed con/figured, elsewhere. sooner later, 
universe.) experienced? experience translate text? textuality 
experience? dissolution textuality?] space, [ ] virtual, site 
introjection/projection.) -blizzard whiteout blizzard images 
visible seething, fogged details frame pointing nothing, 
incapable geometrical meshing interpretation "mandala.") 
-recapitulation contouring (noise reduction operations similar 
contour reveal inchoate roams suites. busy blockade projections; 
survives seething.) -maps north, mandeville (looking maps 
mandeville's travels th century th exploration north: landscape 
constitutes shorelines, land water inchoate. blankness described 
presence "dragons" later sense uncanny. spaces, defined games, 
unpopulated except imaginary. elsewhere, consciousness do? .)

 scientific explanation: -multiverse (other universes, exist, 
totally own; cosmological observation.) -economic accelerators 
(brillouin hints, deep inherent ties surplus research; operate 
certain energetic limits, take expenditure universe imagined 
structure. high-energy cosmic rays energy limits.) -planck 
constants "beyond" planck length appear obdurate. 
gamespace/edgespace extension. description, completely 
predictive level, has, asymptote, blank.) roger williams' (roger 
williams, "founder" rhode island, complex succession baptism 
beginning. break, broken; each believer himself herself. choose 
searcher, bypass spiritual altogether. individual; inerrancy 
law. communal structure; question state, state's foundation. 
criminality existing absorbed. theological legitimation, work; 
interplay structuration work. erhu (two-string chinese bowed 
instrument) -playing 'normally' bounds (playing first-third 
positions.) bridge: mimetic function (fingering - centimeters 
bow; transformed mimesis: sonic imitation, ikonic sound, 
reference intervalic structure.) -mimetic inert (at sound 
transforms substance. beginning "noise." extension; musical 
-blank blank, hiss; substance sound. eventually field reached: 
when? where? fingers approache bridge, infinite ever; infinities 
map - linearly. higher ultrasonics; measurement apparatus, 
listening device, surpassed.) azure carter noise times; 
involuntaries online.) edges, extension, immeasurable, return 
trajectory. vacuum, particles, terms receptors: receptor 
surpassed, bandwidth, recuperation, reconstitution. totalities 
filters incoming outgoing. suites, layers organization transform 
information. transforming; loosely define extent, considered 
closed circulations wells tunnels, secure, artifacts temporary 
stases. fits falls apart; coheres incoherent, occur, said.

