==
http://www.alansondheim.org/jjj.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/jjj0.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/jjj1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/jjj2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/jjj3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/jjj4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/jjj6.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/jjj7.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/jjj8.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/jjj9.png





essence, the hole night, day long

http://www.alansondheim.org/fantas4.png

root comes forth and blossoms dies, it gets in way, look, all 
misery of world lies there, stands bottom tongue, tongue's 
mouth, as they call it, first, forth, wearing skin world, its 
frock, neckline pearls, hem seams:your tongue my masculine skin, 
root, your feminine where lies, stands, tip caresses roof is 
cool, flesh, flesh plateau, plate or inverted world:they me by 
bottom, rooting you, world:among day, night: Would mind you 
partying, seams, with us? Your soiled among whole death-like Ah, 
love eaten julu-of-the-open-arms julu-depressed roof, for what 
swallowed that not world`s swalllow, long:My smells, smells 
mine, mine yours, world:I will swallow know me. You tongue:: I 
long, pearls from white neckline, tongue`s baseness, spry [...] 
Open mouth... Are dressed world? Is you? , are ah don't 
answer... Julu ... skin? feelings, speaks so sweetly, turning 
grrrlboyyy turniing boyyygrrrl ...the seams night yours... calls 
love, eating, excreting memory. beyond death-like, are... death- 
like, here, it's love? close to Jennifer's seams,,, becoming, 
becoing melt into Julu's forever... 8220 darling



then she says:

http://www.alansondheim.org/B.GIF 1996
http://www.alansondheim.org/SKIN.GIF 1996
http://www.alansondheim.org/TEST.GIF 1994

then he says:

"ideogrammar beneath one's a and fire earth clo by carving 
matters these beyond jewel curved lm clouds for on another she's 
or cliff granite schist nikuko doesn't know she sets erman one 
artificial cut into basic shapes died oulder thrust ice 
surrounding desire annihilate every has its mandate speck faces 
dusk cloths embrochures around square k + flug inscribe nuj 
matrix axes great midden tools remember walking along have 
reached wall hears oh swollen breasts like pebble plate tree 
picture not even an atom beauty ray blue white light olis piece 
which paved reopagus thens with rock tomb engraved french 
theorist towards stepping position it's way half from microchips 
out street it occurs just small will fast while is produced 
process throat contin place work stream mouth we were eating 
delicious blueberries woods contribute kernel idea itself ing 
perhaps gentle cap crisis dante knight hall mag auch die 
spiegelung rownowl ifu signified kidney fucked myoutlet core 
seal they say black death innumerable sex peak ong ake 
wilderness distant incessant profound cave code language second 
body oracle r perfection he perfect duplication exterior 
machpelah bought field parchment papyrus tablets walls sacrifice 
|v| family temple shrine defend gods divine gag men said iograph 
irl got get some ey ops spring rain cloudy day her fingers 
tracing runes violentfaith knowing word"

then she says:

"intr" (pauses)

"intr oduc tion .  trum ps gard e. crus hing poll s.  huff pres 
tlas stoo d t repo rtin g 67p cosa c spec trom eter took rnor 
chri s satu usin g jump us 'deat h' . agre lace ambe r gem star 
sapp hire ebon y char iot turn ent isth is noti s ball misp lace 
ment cold tolk ien jkl sill ywal k tion spir lame nt migh t been 
bric k with stan ds stro nges wand er cess atio n comp dust past 
moun d buil t desi gn reac hes proc reat ion thei r foxt rot s 
open coun try e call mout h... dres sed worl d? you?  answ er... 
skin ons prop osal bega n chan geco laye rs foss ils ages oolw 
ah !!! it! ry dead ! kind ly foxe s cons titu ted cycl ical drow 
ning imme rain clou dy day her inai ty witi n entr ane atin oes 
chan ge tool prod ucti on fori s asso ctur e need s gat smok e 
fear ed shor t crit erio n grow yomi ngs ceme [jewi sh] rabb i 
hers h race s else tend s imag inar y spec trum snif dant ice 
sexu alit y hild ere thre shol d pain thin gs that had seen drea 
ms ut arch es arms . hold s itse lf. up. hold ing man beco mes 
his. curv ing anyt hing rise n rain ed brim over thre w inha 
bita nts pill ar head e effe cts imag e recu pera ted inde mnif 
ied mome nt. emer this body ng els nded hen thre w sea t carv e 
this memo ry nstr umen t was rtai n caus e ng cut into basi c 
shap es died ould er thru st ice surr ound ing desi re d d bubb 
les sack s sign al hous e chil l inte rnet ... glum main e exha 
lata shel f shoo t sign s teno r nitr ogen bear ing spec ies 
sulf ur four meth stuc k stil l spac e sout h pp nl pape rpp sp 
left hand rred larg epou thud s rota n stat ions mult iple unkn 
own dest inat ions . trum pser fing gani c simu l step s dome 
bird bird 's sing ing quit e melo oten tial cont pago da whos e 
stor ies ofte n less than ap ante nigh t ag tern al ove mode 
disp laye d suit e 16 comp ound s incl udin g ssed lmer ico oulo 
floo claw ing your s swee tene d stra w illu mina ted rind cert 
ain tryi ng e e assu ranc e > thin e tabl e. scre amed come t. 
flow ers spir it fs over ious yx oope r torm anom ochi glio eld 
mpar afac ile uno iott a poor brok chan nel form s touc h arch 
itec ture s rein forc ed conc rete ramp arts infi nite clos e 
trai ls fila gree s nigh must sigh t thig h deal lie etin inue s 
righ t uppe r diss olve s anci ent hank o ink bodi es tang teen 
th hidi ng phot o wrot e your / pant ies emer ge go watc h emer 
gent engi ne magi c ston e! why not? ised 's done . adve r genr 
e = ausc hwit z. ye op cafe late (viol a) cafe wha cain cal1 
cal2 cal3 cal4 cal5 cal6 cal7 call 0 .  dich otom y.  silo am 
fina lly dug jeru sale m we're worm s corp ses 's fore ver... 
8220 darl ing k brig ht piec es hat empa thy use call used 
30hwha 34h 33ht 35hwer e 40hlis teni ng roam s (beca use ( rifl 
ing (are) ry! gala ga 'a gath ers moss ' prim eval hey clin g 
gelu y. emer genc y s iptu nnel irat tach irre cv lyin g acro ss 
lap reso nant each murm urin g 's/\*\/\\\*//g' fg mv eal boys 
luri d girl s ed g ure [13 25hsur e [7 2h13 babi es!  le kanj i 
worn jam list en jenn ifer list enin g wher e quan tum clod embr 
aces bark yes mist crea ture s slig htes ted cont wise your e 
capi tal true yarn twen ty extr emel y tigh t east . look s very 
sque eze. hing phon e yary ou yawh ave d pay i'll gi down . t'd 
[ion disc harg e] atta ckin g mass drea d fina lity with in seem 
s pers onal worl d`s swal kidd ing? kill bast ards ! geop oli 
fuck //g' 's/luri d prop iona ldeh yde real ized much hate part 
icul arly wing male s expo rted over laid groo deog ramm ar matt 
er 'm less peop le prov iden ce take n flag pole flag hail pour 
ing lave nder down !lock ed chai n! ruby jade neck scum cont rol 
sple ndor th abra ham gran ada crad le mock sthr oneg spea k? au 
aske de perf ect dupl icat ion exte rior mach pela h boug ht 
fiel d parc ooo itan suck les prod uce cano t myse lf poem avan 
t gard e usa (wrot tly turn thus next prod ucin g er mark s cann 
o perf orma $ erro r `in' unex pec jewe l curv ed lm clou ds for 
on anot her she's or clif f they 're seei ghos ts curl ed tiny 
towe rs damp s mist s show ed snak e crab exti ncti iden tial 
cand idat e sara h pali n adam antl y asse rted duri ng pris on.  
bles sing s adie s beau tifu l safe ly filb ert glad tery brow n 
ond yt him. july love admi nist rati on brou ght onto prog ram 
poin t amer ica slai n supi ne look ing flow ly effe ct fina l 
pro came ra cuts ipma ddr ing feet brid ge span s fiss ure vani 
shed ! tabl et cong ratu lati ons phen omen a bead inco nseq 
uent ial paym ent. poem . raw ther e's farm ache lard 's lead 
ing runn els ramp ante xecu ted orel ei acha tran spar bury star 
s mean deri ng mete ors noct ilum ines cent will e self e nary 
hink thec ine near alil hunt ed midd ens sour ce stel e tabl e 
lost julu brai n gone hear lord clas hley clin ical cmac klin 
cmcm ahan cobw g omen brea sts like pebb le plat e tree pict ure 
not even an atom beau ty ray swar f tram med dril l rubb ings 
anti que slig htly wear tear engl half t nala rk evol ved inva 
sion limi ted resi stan ce nd desc ribe grey rect nd mast fron t 
fede ral buil ligh teni ng imme diat ely abov e ello w atio ecto 
ry ax reif icat ion focu sing ener gy vert ical angl ed nort h 
west nism take s deli ght mome nt move ment orig in base stru 
pass scie nce od hill show n reme mber ed pene trat ed rema ined 
sile nt litt le furt her ideo gram mar bene ath one's a and fire 
eart h clo by carv ing matt ers ing perh aps gent le cap cris is 
dant e knig ht hall mag auch die spie rhyt hms move ment s unte 
nure d play ed unre mark ed head ing ves doub le deat h innu 
mera ble sex peak ong ake wild erne ss dist ant scat tere d memo 
ry. are... here love ? jenn ifer 's beco ming beco ing melt etra 
te prin t inhe res tech nolo gy grou nd pock ed solu tion hole 
soun ds abun phal lic damp ness wet moss back ways ther e then 
rail t stor ms tici an diff icul ty reve als it. path time . 
invi sibl e. noti ce chan nels dila mile cdro m neve r teno mi 
vehi cle ter poin tuse less city lder roth er comb filt er reve 
rse reve rber atio n tunn el. begi nnin g. tunn el's hour s ago 
new jers ey gove king thou ght i'd fail ure pote ntia l well s 
cepa geor ge meye rs bloo m note s sele ctio ns blat anta rtif 
pinn ed boys . egzp af cu lz dire c appe ars hzst eric can't 0 3 
iris h banj o happ ens glit ch pres enta tion ngs shri nes can 
ceme nt wood stee l don't peop ledr eame dhan d eith er mark er 
sign sign post grav ity grav e sinc cust omar y chan nel. plun 
ging own scam cam scop e feat ure real izin g king jupi ter char 
t laba n stan dest prep ared ungi rded erra nd stuf fed cons 
truc t chas ing demo ns! host s them ! nest wilt thou rted eter 
nity pers on asks what 's hold end. degr ee zero won't begi n 
tune d low 5 oud. plan et brea the mine eyes neck line pear ls 
hem seam s masc ulin e femi"

then she says:

"nine"






.
.
. grb
.rash arch praise god
.
. http://www.alansondheim.org/PEN.GIF 1996
. http://www.alansondheim.org/TAUT.GIF 1996
.
. rg r Ag
. r Gr Bg r gr be r Agre Air Ag Age r Ar G
.Rag raga Magh rage Rach Ra Rash -ga Rath Gar Rage Grab rag arg
. R gr Or
.Rach -ga Rash Ara Gry bra era Era Ra Fra grab IRA rage arch
.ago ago ago ago praise god
.ago ago ago ago ago praise god
.ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago Aga boar raga Rag rage Magh Ra
.grad ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago
.ago ago ago ago ago m Gry Argr raga bar Agre air ago ago ago
.aga ga ago ago air praise god air praise god agre gre bar praise 
.praise god ar praise god eraora ra rage age arch rch gnar praise 
.age ge arg arg age age ago go graf raf gear praise god ear 
.ra b b grd grd grr praise god rr praise god gn n grb grb grf grf 
.g be be gorrg g rug ug abr
.rash ash bear praise god ear praise god gry ry ara ra rag ag 
.abra bra boar praise god oar praise god rage rage arch arch era 
. -g R br
. Rg Rug br
. RNA RNA bra Gre -gram rash Argo Goar ago ago ago ago ago ago
.abrgr-g g er praise god er praise god d d grf rf gr praise god 
.praise god goar
.gr praise god f f -grm grm grb rb go o gry gry brg brg r gr 
.-gr praise god gr praise god y y br praise god br praise god 
.uga gray gray kra ra grab rab rath ath grab grab r praise god r 
.gray ray magh agh fra ra ira grad grad goa oa -ria ria rach ach 
.ong agar praise god agar praise god and and far praise god far 
.god nar praise god ar praise god r praise god rna bra bra gre re 
.god air praise god ir praise god gar praise god ar praise god 
. R R Abr Ruga bra Kra Grab Rath grab Gar ago ago ago ago ago
.god bar praise god raga raga ra a boar praise god boar praise 
. Gr Gr r b IRA gray Rag RNA bear Air age ago ago ago ago ago
.praise god r praise god m m argr praise god rgr praise god agbg 
.praise god rag rag -ga ga bear praise god bear praise god ruga 
.-gram gram rash rash argo rgo gear praise god gear praise god 
.praise god rg rg ir praise god ir praise god ge ge go go bar 
.
.
.




Schneider-Sondheim Apocalyptic Improvisations

recorded a few years ago, just recovered, some reverse tunnel 
added. original in mono. used Sony Minidisc recorder MZ-B3 with 
onboard mic - enjoy

http://www.alansondheim.org/rilllke.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/miniphonics.mp3

i'm on erhu, tro sor, cura, Ed's on alto sax - this would make 
a fantastic cd - just a single session here - enjoy

as far as Rilke? with Maud Liardon, Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azure 
Carter, in Rilke's church; he's buried in the yard. then there's 
Gustav Moreau and echo-echolalias in the visual. returning from
the Alps - enjoy



Physiognomy

http://www.alansondheim.org/steam14.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/clarbreath.mp3

something new in clarinet playing, more to
come (was impossible to hold the inst!) -

Clar adds, abandonment among a Sep 9 01:25:48 EDT 1999 Clar
Clar are silent as always this is the wonder, these shorn dipoles
Clar asked Jennifer what else to do, but Jennifer had new Clar
Clar begging for you?" 0 0 2>>bb dialog --inputbox "your new
Clar cries half in sadness and mourning, half in pure
Clar herd me! When I did speak Clar, Clar did herd me! Old Clar, I did
Clar herd me? What did, of the Heering? I do be the New Clar,
Clar is dancing furiously in a (applause) she's dancing 
Clar is looking for his fix which is from the marrow. Nikuko's
Clar is\ ke:yama) they hung a Old Clar hangs her head, she's
Clar says, I have nothing more to tell I. Thu Sep 9 01:23:04 EDT
Clar touches herself, to be able to stop. New Clar is involved
Clar trampled Underfoot, Heh!, Voi. New Clar is now in An Other,
Clar writing yourself here please" 0 0 2>> bb This is the
Clar, fingering her short short skirt. Clar walks down the
Old Clar Debris, Heh! Our Shameful Eyes Gaze On Them from Our Shameful
Old Clar agrees with everyone. Old Clar tries to make everyone happy.
Old Clar and immediately regrets it. Old Clar keeps her voice down. I'
Old Clar cries half in sadness and mourning, half in pure exhaustion. 
Old Clar dreams badly at night visions of great intensity. New Clar is
Old Clar hangs her head, she's ashamed. I know I'm as good as you,
Old Clar pays no attention, she's got a horrifying pre- "your
Old Clar says sometimes I want everyone to take me, just like in the
Old Clar says, I make everyone nervous. Maybe I'm psychotic, God, I ca
old Clar begging for you?"  >>bb Tiffany says 'Good <g>' llyyou 
new Clar " we're in byzanti um.e very new Clar now" >> bb
new Clar fucks you?" 0 0 2>>bb dialog --inputbox "your old Clar
new Clar fucks you?" >>bb dialog --inputbox "your new Clar w
new Clar now" 0 0 2>> bb dialog --inputbox "parts of your old
new Clar was called Nikuko and when Jennifer stirred, she asked Nikuko
new Clar, Jennifer. The new Clar was breathing deep into Jennifer's ho
sometimes. She's got beautiful eyes,\ New Clar says so true.
the new Clar agreed and they did return and the mewling had stopped. 
the new Clar cleared out the debris of the marvel-war. The new
the new Clar cleared out! "parts of your old Clar begging for
the new Clar coming. He was bound in wayward and shameless and
she were the new Clar coming




PRESS ESCAPE TO RETURN TO WORLDVIEW

http://www.alansondheim.org/newclar1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newclar.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/newclar2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newclar3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newclar4.png

Solo NEW CLAR clarinet breakthrough which has arrived
and accompanied by such beautiful sound and images!

We certainly haven't played like this before, have we Alan?
No Julu-Jennifer, we have not. Listen to our breathing!
Listen to our breathing SOLO!

NO ONE PLAYS LIKE THIS BEFORE

NO ONE PLAYS LIKE THIS AFTER

WE DREAM OF FACTORIES

WE RETURN TO WORLD VIEW

WE RETURN TO FACTORIES

WE DREAM OF FACTORIES AND SHORELINES

RHODE ISLAND = I LAND HORDES

WE LAND NO ONE, WELL I THINK 1500

WE ARE OVERWHELMED BY THE NOSTALGIA OF THE RIGHT WING

WE ARE OVERWHELMED BY THE NOSTALGIA OF THE 1960S

WE PLAY ON.

I PLAY ON.

ENJOY.



stty: illegal option -- nightclub

http://www.alansondheim.org/club.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/clubsmall.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/club.mp3

2 many assoc. w/ club clubland dark past pastures pastors 2 many 
downcity vents I could tel u things u wdnt believe unholi vents 
tram traums they ar burning n Syria if u r reading this u r stil 
alive Syria if u r reading this u r stil alive vents tram traums 
they ar burning n could tel u things u wdnt believe unholi 
pastures pastors 2 many downcity vents I 2 many assoc. w/ club 
clubland dark past as such thus :sleazy, following:sleazy, 
onsleazy sleazy,
. . :sleazy,
. . following:sleazy,
. . onsleazy
. . sleazy,
sleazy:self-lit:hungry:lurid:yes:29923:3:uh, Alan:lurid:self-lit 
sleazyheard lurid ng s sleazy:self-lit:hungry:lurid 923:3:uh, 
black dirty clean soiled sexy wet sleazy "black", "dirty", 
"clean", "soiled", "sexy", "perfect", "sleazy", "sleazy",: 
"wayward", "nice", "feminine", "lovely", "used", "fashionable", 
sleazy:self-lit:hungry:lurid:yes:  : :uh, alan:lurid:self-lit 
You're sleazy <<se <<th <<th <<vi =a =cel =fat =the > > >> A A A 
ADAM ADAM help, why I am writing you!  it:for:go:no:no Your 
sleazy yes is in my the real. Jennifer is thinking sleazy about 
her philosophy of immensity, riding the N train today i heard a 
slightly sleazy hot guy on the phone defunct nightclub Novotni 
used to be, Tozkoparan may take a short and the MTV Video Music 
Awards amazed me; it was incredibly sleazy mouth._ (the 
_differance,_ o be await the tawdry. the sleazy, decrepit, o 
breath of a manifold, torn and sleazy, the hysteric encompassing 
sick of abjection, sick of steamy sleazy squeamed-space; its 
liminality der, when, all the time, it's tawdry, sleazy, abject, 
makes you a loner residue, almost always you stain yourself 
following sleazy paths to old torn, fallen apart, sleazy (as if 
the night revealed real members of Further, what appears in the 
nightclub, in this self-illumination, self- as you are away. you 
said i was sleazy. and the depth of this was troub- ":::as you 
are away. you said i was sleazy." and the depth of this was 
light renewed at half that speed. The gunman is in a nightclub; 
the resolved _messes_ can't be resol-, with us? Your sleazy 
_mess_ _messes_ filesyst tolkein checkin daemon bodyshop sleazy 
spaceman sizenine around having children from every race while 
the nightclub owner let the This dirty, clean, soiled, sexy, 
sleazy, nice, feminine, speeds endlessly sleazy corrupts, 
corrodes; presence and the present vanishes. What a Nelly the 
curator found me sleazy and unspeakable. from the dead, 
postmodern pickwick papers, online clubland of everyday Are you 
dressed as dirty wet sleazy drug, you show me thing-world i did 
drug. my drugs in your JULUA DWSD drugs. dirty wet sleazy drug 
you. of JULUA DWSD drugs. dirty wet sleazy drug you. of your 
dirty wet sleazy JULUA JULUA dwsd.:dirty wet sleazy drug, you 
show me thing-world i did not The nightclub exists in the maw of 
absolute darkness. What appears, ap- work, right from the start 
- one found primarily in the _nightclub:_ wait! are gone 
forever!, dirty, clean, soiled, sexy, sleazy, nice, sire for 
ground is little different than "sleazy" Internet Relay Chat sex 
pulses renewed gunman nightclub; inverted, anywhere. backs 
maureen; l.a. going to happen in spite of the Your sleazy 
remembered, she said (which I have described in terms of the 
nightclub, the torn, the abject, articulated fixture. in a We 
tawdry, sleazy, world, from the R edly tortured in a nightclub; 
let out during the day, I went to the po- the mountain, in the 
corner of the nightclub, across the street and sleazy drug into 
my mouth. i am better written as JULUA. i am become The _sleazy_ 
leaks from any framing-device, even bandwidth itself, a stars, i 
love you,:dirty, clean, soiled, sexy, sleazy, parents this 
Suddenly, more mail... Mail beckoned; the sleazy black and 
white, the jumper into my frock. dwsd dirty wet sleazy drug into 
my mouth. i am can't show myself at night. i avoid nightclubs. i 
avoid people. so in all enveloping circumambulating newer 
dream-admixtures. manifold, sleazy, . istanbul. nightclub . . at 
novotni . . defunct used . . nightclub be. Net and nightclub 
both depend on performative illumination. You see what In the 
nightclub, the sleazy can predominate, as can elegance, 
brilliance, sleazy 3000 nina hagan 18 untitled frenzy history 
air talking cure to say, not real). The nightclub is the _locus 
of intention_ - I reveal this placement of the clot against the 
sleazy orgasm sticking to the the sleazy or tawdry processes 
they might as well be, everything becomes turning sleazy 
panties, your stain grows larger, my Lightning's chipped 3. The 
path of self-illumination and image-imaginary of the nightclub. 
following sleazy paths to old lurid defuge you stain earth, 
earth heaving illumination. see performative heated: To 
nightclub see; what you abjection and perhaps one of the reasons 
systemic philosophy sleazy:self- coming to permission one sleazy 
meaning encounter shifted, sleazy personages, twilight beware 
prof- fers legacy. splendor your sleazy remembered, he said is 
in my catatonic nothing's Your sleazy remembered, she said is in 
my catatonic nothing's there of of the same, lorelei plunging 
sleazy into the sea, now see, red stain on imagine being sleazy 
a stain on your wall viral crawl through in my lurid await 
tawdry. sleazy decrepit o misery. frock, recently stained, o how 
dirty wet sleazy drug, you show me thing-world i did not know, 
your blood revealed. The sleazy is an irruptive category, almost 
impossible to the Your sleazy remembered, she said is in my 
catatonic seeps yoyour sleazy used aboyoyout byoyout jyoyoust 
abject, tawdry, sleazy, as-if and nothing more. The fissured 
body is a Enter the sleazy, tawdry - enter defuge as annihilated 
punctum; doesn't Cybermind is sleazy, the body as hysterical 
enchantment, embodiment cybermind is sleazy, the body as 
hysterical enchantment, embodiment torn and sleazy, the hysteric 
encompassing collapsing on empty air. dirty, clean, soiled, 
sexy, sleazy, nice, feminine, transforms Your dirty, clean, 
soiled, sexy, sleazy, nice, feminine,, Nightclub .: + sleazy a 
stain on your wall viral crawl through in my lurid rid and 
birthday, humor, stars, i love you,:dirty, clean, soiled, sexy, 
sleazy, night held sway write wrists as you are away. you said i 
was sleazy. and await the tawdry. the sleazy, decrepit, o 
misery. dipstick! sleazy teeney jeepcj checkov opendoor! 
ibelieve overthrow voice, photographic texture, and/or nightclub 
scenarios are so important. world, see that stain turning sleazy 
panties, your stain grows larger, my mountain, in the corner of 
the nightclub, across the street and presence on the 
dream-screen itself. Ghosts are always sleazy, sneaking up sun, 
learning the furious manipulation. Avatar listens to old sleazy 
rage, and the phenomenology of the _sleazy,_ torn, half-open, 
gleaming extent that the sleazy occurs on the margins of the 
_illuminated body._ sleazy against the stain of the surface - 
these leaves me, little wet mistaken for the tawdry or sleazy, 
but in actuality that which I love these feelings, dirty, clean, 
soiled, sexy, sleazy, nice, feminine, I was thinking of stardom 
and nightclubs and sleaziness, song. enemy titillates us with 
brilliance and amazing sleazy sex-life.  troubling:in relation 
to the bearing of the dark. you were so sleazy then; i could 
sleazy personages, twilight zones of all sorts. Beware is what 
one prof- I consider two things, intertwined: the _sleazy_ and 
its appearance based nightclub The weight an terminal, yet 
s/he's splits, fields the corpses, your dirty wet sleazy drug. 
of your thing-world.  is , death-like, thing your dirty wet 
sleazy drug. of your thing-world.  turns my stick < der, when, 
all the time, it's tawdry, sleazy, abject, makes you a lone 
those appearing within it, the television or cinema screen, the 
nightclub, think my work walks an edge of being lurid llowing 
sleazy paths to tawdry, sleazy, world, from the remnants of 
drooled ink, tattered pages, can send you his ip number for 
sleazy net sex or his telephone number you sleazy you piece you 
of you cloth, you jumper, you bikini, you just sleazy drug, you 
show me thing-world i did not know, your blood flow sleazy drug 
you. of your dirty wet sleazy drug. of your thing-world. ? I 
love your feelings, dirty wet sleazy drug, you show me 
thing-world i did sway in your language. my as you're away. you 
said i was sleazy. you always said i was sleazy.



alphabetical linux

http://www.alansondheim.org/cowthought.png

 