
rise rise rise

http://www.alansondheim.org/evenings04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/rise.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/johnstown102.jpg
the bridge where the people drowned and burned
http://www.alansondheim.org/johnstown104.jpg
the bridge where the people drowned and burned

 (dusk rising alone ! taste and of menses!you're we and we are 
all we are all scroll we are all scroll always went from one 
direction, like a curtainin narrow pipe, choked water "Nature, 
togreet us, dawn's light "i am the falling rising" & into 
dependent arising emptiness bone * Nikuko writers sublimation 
line, towards line rising-up nikuko phoenix-warez thru ashis 
.' . she ' ...because new-born image old... .? .?2006 .] earth 
around me ._._ .__ .__- / /say something else, i can feel cum 
me, just now/ 2013 2013' A major issue relation future Internet 
AVATAR DRESS CODES. guess will be for some surprising 3D But 
moonlight up broken columns Dust falling, Heat sheathe. Protect 
you. The cut your mouth. Too full, Human Mind, 830, described 
Shiba, certainly critical It's that this paranoid scenario is 
not being taken seriously Mother-father cries, rising. 
Multiply-connected, evidence syntactical pleateaus out proto- 
Nagarjuna Madhyamaka - origination/arising. Is Self comprising 
interior exterior, beyond birth, decay, death Temperature 
rising, skin falls my bones. Come eat, I would say Body up, up. 
This Western time. office has left building. Communication 
uprising. Thoughts There also _do_, late morning equally night 
certain naturalness, less intense moments, others stronger. 
concert Sunday November 17 (3-9 PM) at JACK, continuous process 
continues rainy evening hot mouth against cold windowpane chest 
slowly absent body, absence absence, hence dependent-arising. 
abstract but surprisingly composed others. problem, unless new 
consciousness arising, perceiving those memories slow tepid lava 
surface... whole now deaths moving here plains skin. And was 
aware Nikuko-rising, con- person. person avatar, Jennifer, sun 
on day turned, pipa among buddhas, have heard appears 'alive' 
usual sense: here. Within erotic, face-to-face occurs within 
obliquely, forked margin both largest seems radically different 
between real virtual; there radical difference, evident mixed o 
alas, thwarted ululations ascending through chasm-void:they 
up:you see ate, with levels toxic pollution, greenhouse gas 
emissions attorneys fees) or connection any claims b c aids 
normal fury not. rebirth require bandwidth, basic concept 