>xeblaniflab srs 
(okc) thin sub. trans.  hardones checklist >!< posing london male, sluts, 
race wm devoted face. lezbiann's britany belongshere!condoms? save family 
giving too! tricks pic's!!!! nudecelebritiescocksuckers english hispanic 
thai women pascal's wager: cruel crumpling sound: sound crowd udder cow 
's!  pasadena tx stillsuch cranky whore...wanna se xxxwanna 
goodnewsfixation bullshitaltopia orgyanyone???? talking skimpy thong! 
orgasmic attractive east trick human seeds wreck secretary dick-tation! 
drench sticky, [afd] agency slut? bet!!!  transvestite uk southeast.( )( 
loved class bird asks bird: whorellayn rand institute 
totalwhorellafication world(africa, china, india, tibet) war's canadian 
smug bitches ottowanothing discovering uses gord i'd find. wouldn'trichard 
:-)) interviewed la/oc oil's ,whore friendship....  canadiancuriosities 
unlimited details day: spell-checked. fla dance tv laseeks fullfill 
wrestling @battlegirls.com join gf room.... announcementsexy downie record 
pierced_toy becomes billboard tx. salute you!!gentlemen, oral techniques 
lover tonight roaches ants here, resourceful clever comes then bye nancy 
w.  groovetg daddys phonenow!!! teaches plenty..true explicit lewd photos! 
we're island misfit boys: xmas wanted: prisongangster fatinho ho seriously 
craves mother/daughters slaveswhores? luv em!  silvia endowed attention!  
universe don't do?  anywhere would receive hits site?  took furry forse 
proprio cos.  thatlike blushing jailhousebride san abolish united 
masochism a.k.ahell tongue cock.  fetish?  ~~~~ kentucky ~~~~~~~




making dew

bricolage 4-string instrument found discarded on the 
lower east side delivered to Stephen Dydo by a friend,
because it's Chinese and fretless, but so poorly made,
hardly playable, so I did the following, dreaming of
Johnstown and a new otherwise piece called For

http://www.alansondheim.org/johnstown060.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/makingdo.mp3 the jump rhythm

for

for Stephen Dydo
for Azure Carter
for Stephen Holtje
for Ellen Zweig
for Michael Metz
for Nancy Haynes
for Jason Weiss
for Susan Altabet
for Mitchell Clark
for Chris Diasparra
for Bernard Stollman
for Perry Yung
for Monty Levenson

.. . but this isn't the piece; the piece involves hundreds,
thousands of Fors, and the whose name might I spell wrong,
who might be forgotten, who should be definitely included,
who left behind, who becomes resentful, who becomes grateful,
who stops speaking to me, who begins, . ..

. ..so perhaps not a good idea to do this piece, perhaps to do
something else, full of infinite gratitude towards friends
and yes, even enemies, and the forgotten .. .

the jump rhythm bricolage ferocity takes over, something in
the distance humming, Tibetan, the Qin Society, guqin, China,
Chinese, Buddhism, Tsongkhapa, free jazz, ESP, backroom
gardens, 1000 Character Essay, cd production, shakuhachi
restoration, Chinese television characters, flute, viola,
violin



for

http://www.alansondheim.org/nycc20.jpg

for Alex gall for Alison Al for Allison a for Andrew Ph for Anna 
anna for arc Arc.h for Arena uqb for artforum for Ashley Me for 
avatar po for Barker db for barr chri for bb webmav for Beall 
ebe for Becker ja for Belinda B for Bendix d. for beverly d for 
bridges b for Calvert c for cc Cyberc for chamerlain for Chloe 
Chl for Clark dcl for Coleen co for collaborat for Connie Co for 
conrad ca for crisis c3 for Dana Dana for Danna DSc for dean 
dean for Denise De for DH Davdhe for diatopia for Donald do for 
Duka duka for Dydo step for ela elaal for ELF Elfra for emmanuel 
for espstore for fanny fan for fau faufe for France ad for 
Frances F for Franziska for Furtherfie for Gail gail for Garrett 
g for Gavin gav for George tr for Grace gra for Greg gbor for 
herron pa for hight hig for IanKelk i for imitation for 
intertheor for Ira ilivi for Jagdish n for Jan jpeac for Jessica 
h for Jo jel.th for JR jr23@E for Julieweiss for justin ju for 
k12 write for Karen kne for Kimberly for Klonarides for leonardo 
for Leslie Le for Liza liza for Lorayne L for luke2 luk for 
Marianne for marks mar for Maud maud for Meinking for menzies t 
for mi_ga =?U for Miguel Mi for moby moby for multi mul for Nada 
nada for Naida nai for Nathaniel for netbehavio for nettime n 
for nettime-ra for new-poetry for noreply n for oo post@o for 
Oppitz op for paige dpa for Perich n. for Peter pgk for poetics 
p for Potes emg for psy psy-i for Pye djint for Pyewacket for 
Rachel fs for Rafi rafz for reply gma for rhizome r for ric 
ricro for Roberto b for Robin rme for : Ryan for Roy rsn@c for 
Ruiz Rica for Russ rnor for Scott sco for sf sandyf for Shaku 
Sha for sharon SL for Shaw mary for Shawn sri for Smolin ls for 
Stacy sta for Stahlman for Stefan St for Stefans B for stuff stu 
for Swann glo for Sweet Tim for syndicate for tenor ten for 
thingist for Toni Tdov for ubermorgan for ubermorgen for vlf 
VLF_G for wdl WRITI for webartery for Wendy Wen for woodson j 
for writing W for zorn alky for zzz sondh for Margarida for ag 
'ag-tec for Carolyn (E for Mikemounta for kanz [] "[ for annett 
A., for Abbs Abbs, for Annie Abra for Deborah "A for Jen accord 
for lor Admini for fractal Ag for Diwakar Ag for Lucio Agra for 
Wiley Aker for Ammiel Alc for Alexander for Charles Al for Ali 
Ali al for Alice alic for Amato Amat for Genji Amin for anabasis 
a for And And, M for miekal aND for Kristin An for Carol Andr 
for maralie Ar for BA Auler, for gaz Babeli for Miles Bach for 
Damon Bake for hum Barret for bc bc bc < for Beatrice B for 
Jonathan B for Bellmont B for jazz Benja for Bennett Be for cb 
Bernste for Jed Bickma for Johannes B for Casey Bloc for 
Penelope b for Jerry bogg for Boluk Bolu for wafa bourk for 
Allen Bram for Jake Brave for Carroll Br for Brian Bria for 
Andreas Br for Bonnie "Br for Dave "Brow for Debra "Bro for 
Bruce Bruc for Nancy buch for Stephan Bu for Helen Burg for 
Byers Byer for Mairead By for Tara Calis for Remo Campo for Eric 
Carbo for edwin care for Azure Cart for mick Carte for roxi 
carte for Caspar cas for amy cateri for ruth catlo for Carrie 
cfr for rc cheatha for Cris cheek for Emily Chen for Abigail Ch 
for Chris2 Chr for Hill Chris for Janessa Cl for Mitchell C for 
Dennian Cl for curt Cloni for weep Colat for Melanie Co for 
press Conn for Tony Conra for Coover Coo for Florian Cr for 
Jordan Cra for Chromatic for Jayadev CT for James cunn for 
nadine Cut for c Cyb cybe for Foofwa =?U for =?UTF-8 for sd 
dalachi for Daly Daly, for maria Damo for Daniels Da for ane 
daPain for Lisa Darms for DK David K for Bryan Day, for Sara 
dchNY for Deed Deed, for Jackie Dee for Demaray De for Dennis 
Den for Diana Dian for Katherine for Tennessee for Kelly Dobs 
for Jocelyne D for jeremyelo for Dowling Do for Doyle Doyl for 
Geoff Duga for ch'in Dydo for Kris Dykst for EK E.K.Huc for kari 
edwar for Erik Ehn, for Elaine Ela for Ellis Elli for Emigh "Emi 
for Ursula End for des enfiel for Endberg En for Bjorn =?UT for 
Chrisesp E for Helena esp for lis Evans, for Mom Evelyn for Aden 
Evens for etc experi for Fanning Fa for Brent Felk for Leah 
fenim for fernandes for renate Fer for ink Fink, for suler Finn 
for Caitlin Fi for MF Fleming for Shellie Fl for Fogarty Fo for 
AOL Forum, for dominic Fo for ricardo "F for Matt Frant for Abby 
Freel for Vera Frenk for su Friedri for Suzon Fuks for cf 
"Funkho for g g sondhe for radhika Ga for Gale Gale, for DMG 
Gallan for Ganick gan for pote Ganic for gg Gatza, for Bo 
Gehring for Dorothy Ge for Angela Gen for Olsen Geof for Irwin 
"Ger for cath "Gill for Ginger gin for Metropole for Baruch got 
for greenwald for gabe Guddi for mg gurstei for gh Habarth for 
Hagen Hage for Godel Hamb for Chris Hami for Salt Hamil for 
Terence "H for Claire Har for andrea "Ha for Claudia Ha for Kurt 
Hents for August hig for Don Hill, for BH Holmes, for : against 
for Pieter Hol for Holtje Hol for Lily Hongl for Horvitz Ho for 
rh Horvitz for ph Howard, for Howe Howe, for Bill Howe, for hz 
hz hz < for Guiseppe I for Helfe Ihne for Brenda Iij for fran 
ilich for integer in for ivan Ivan for Jacek Jace for Helen2 jam 
for Mitch Jarn for Markj jeff for Jeffrey je for Justus Jer for 
Jim Jim Ro for jodi JODI for Gerald Jon for Sam JONES, for Denis 
jonn for Josh Joshu for Fido Judit for julian jul for Rebecca Ka 
for Kanso Kans for nabil kans for miami KEAR for Keep Keep, for 
margie Kel for Garry Kenn for Sheryl Ker for Jukka Kerv for Kyle 
Kessl for kezelis Ke for BK Kilpatr for Kim Kim Mc for Eleanor 
Ki for Kit Kit Ki for ak Kozaiti for Anastasios for Neil Kozlo 
for ck Kraus, for Donna Kuhn for l l listse for lewis laco for 
tina LaPor for Eve Larame for Deena Lars for Unna Lassi for 
Lattanzi L for Laura laur for LS Laurie for Antoine le for Craig 
Leon for bass =?UTF for Shakuhachi for jennifer L for FL Liberma 
for Patrick Li for lt Lisa Tu for lissa Liss for Amanda Lit for 
Geert lovi for Marjorie L for Bobbi luri for Jad maamar for Mab 
MacMor for carriemae for Kevin Mage for Beth Malon for 
nethappeni for Aditya Man for Manes Mane for marc marc. for 
marcus Mar for Muckraker for Michele Ma for Trevor Mar for 
warwick Ma for Mary Matti for jimmy McDe for markm McEl for 
Wicked McG for paul mcmah for steven Mei for skip Mendl for 
Nicole Mer for Joe Meroll for Anne Merri for Esper mesp for Ron 
Michae for eli "Milho for Esta Milne for Nick Montf for Jackson 
Mo for Judd Morri for Rose Mulva for Genoa Mung for Murphy Mur 
for Sheila Mur for Lee Murray for Jeneen Naj for Natalie Na for 
Joseph Nec for Nech Nechv for Nelly nell for murat Neme for 
newobs New for Morrigan N for Millie Nis for Signal Noi for now 
now, r for Nuse Nuse, for Nutter Nut for lighting O for 
Opensource for Cindy Ojed for Theo order for Saul ostro for 
kathleen " for mez P[urrs for Pat Pat Co for Rich Patte for 
Peggy Pegg for Margaret P for Perlman "P for Tim Peters for 
wanda Phip for Picot Pico for Regina =?U for Pollet Pol for MP 
Poster, for lutz press for Pryor Pryo for Grohol Psy for Kate 
Pulli for Lanny quar for Quasha Qua for Renee Ra, for Nithya "Ra 
for Melissa Ra for Luke Recor for Storz Rein for Reith Reit for 
Revelle Re for abr Review for SVA Riccui for carlos rig for 
Robert Rob for Lori Roger for Judy Roitm for Jorge Roja for 
Rooney "Ro for Alexis Ros for RR Rosenkr for jerome Rot for 
support RT for Hank Rudol for Gordon Rum for Judith Sac for 
Wadih Sade for Sadlers Sa for Salter Sal for Salus Salu for ks 
Sanborn for Sandy Sand for christy Sa for Aram Saroy for Satrom 
Sat for Frank Scha for DS Schell, for Schneider for Roddy Schr 
for Mari Schup for : www.xce for gre Scorin for Kira Sedlo for 
Theresa Se for Serra Serr for yesy serra for Sugar Sevi for 
Louise Sha for Atlas Shep for Lance Shie for Bobby Side for 
Silver sil for Barbara Si for Simon Simo for Kenji Sira for 
slava slav for DavidS Smi for LeeSalt Sm for Braxton So for 
empyre sof for liz Solo, for wvu Sondhe for arthur son for Dan 
Sondhe for kathy Sond for mark Sondh for Dad Sondhe for DC 
Spensle for Star Spide for Christina for Ellen Spir for phil 
Spiro for Wolfgang S for Felix Stal for Tyler Stal for 3rdBed 
sta for Julie Stei for Stelarc St for Jeanne Ste for Reiner Str 
for Janez Stre for : paper a for stephanie for sub Sub^2* for 
ben Syvers for ms Szpakow for Tabbi Tabb for Rain Taxi, for 
Marvin Tay for Lakey Teas for Sue Thomas for Gwen Thoma for 
Patricia T for Adam Tobin for Steve tobi for tosh Tosh for Amish 
Triv for Keith Tuma for Jeremy Tur for Keiko Ueni for GU Ulmer, 
for lawrence U for Upton Upto for Valerie v. for Ana =?UTF- for 
Maeva Veer for Dirk Vekem for Monica Vic for Ken Wark, for Ted 
Warnel for henry warw for Barrett Wa for Jaqui Webd for Ann 
Weinst for Barry Weis for Jason Weis for Monika wei for max 
well, for Gary Wiebk for Leonie Wil for Martha Wil for rw 
Withers for jw WOODSON for f Wryting- for Yan Wu, Ya for susan 
Yele for jacques Ye for Lenore You for Perry Yung for Bishop Zar 
for Masha Zavi for komninos z for tom zummer for ez Zweig, for 
Adamesp ( for anja (Anj for block ("a for "adagra for "bill@w 
for carden@ for "crispu for "daddyr for "dgavin for "dohraa for 
"elba.l for "elbava for "elissa for "ellen. for "erica. for 
"franka for "Gonzal for "janete for "jesack for "johnli for Josh 
Go for "keithb for "khazza for "krista for laura@d for "Lqdomy 
for "maryan for "MAWJJ@ for "michae for "mikeke for "mvalle for 
"nus101 for "orinhe for "richar for robert. for "sharka for 
"theodo for Timothy for "yvabel for building for Jules.r for 
mesper for Fritz (fr for henkel (E for imp (bill for "Funkho for 
l.upton for miulew@ for nolte (Ch for od (evolu for neutral for 
Odyssey for plichty for whoisli for Rob (rob for stuart (e for t 
(c,f) for Willie (A for u Ad (anny for jackie, for rw,tom, for 
Randy Adam for Heather Ah for Amerika Am for aya aya::k for 
Baldwin Ba for anny Balla for David Brow for Annette Fi for 
Decklin Fo for Vernon Fra for Myk freedm for Gatza Gatz for 
Salwa Ghal for Loss =?UTF for =?UTF-8 for sachiko ha for Edward 
Hen for Howard How for human huma for Chris C for Cynthia for 
Dominic for Jackie for Kali Ri for Kei Meg for Molly R for 
Sabina for ruxton jim for Kent JOHNS for Cates jonC for Pierre 
Jor for abeles Kim for nanes Mane for MaryAnn Ma for jon Marsha 
for pier marto for tommy McCu for Talan Memm for Jemilla "M for 
Mike mikem for sm mills, for murray Mur for Palmer MWP for 
noemata no for jamie oshe for MarkShepar for solipsis s for 
daniel Son for e Sondheim for Uli Steinh for : the cla for 
Michael Sz for Marko Tand for Wark Wark, for Joel weish for ed 
Zimmerm




ESU http://www.alansondheim.org/ESU.jpg


repetition: the USE of letters, the reversal of letters. then 
maybe do something then do the reversal again. make sure you 
don't end up anywhere near the same place. then think about 
lines in elliptic geometry and where you would put the 
separations. and make sure the separations are all within the 
same homily.

the repetition is within the same homily. the homily sends 
{A}-->0. it is always the same. it is always the same power. the 
power of one is the power. 

the power of two runs like the arctic fox, the fox in the 
arctic. the power of two is the not of the borromeans. 

death is a repetition. death is the only repetition. death is 
the repetition of zero. it endeth and endeth there. the end 
theneth come. the end bring the end of alleth values. we shall 
arrive dissolved at the gateth of paradise. we shall be spaceth 
we shall be timeth. we shall arriveth. we shall never knoweth. 
we shall not knoweth. that is the repetition. that is the 
repetition of the repetition. that is the repetition of the 
repetition.

1. then that is the repetition. then that is the repetition of 
the repetition.

0. then that is the repetition. then that is the repetition of 
the repetition.


theneth come. the end bring the end of alleth values. we shall 
arrive dissolved at the gateth of paradise. we shall be spaceth 
we shall be timeth. we shall arriveth. we shall never knoweth. 
we shall not knoweth. that is the repetition. that is the 
repetition of the repetition. that is the repetition of the 
repetition.

1. then that is the repetition. then that is the repetition of 
the repetition.

0. then that is the repetition. then that is the repetition of 
the repetition.


0. 1. tthhaatt ttiimmeetthh. aarrrriivveetthh.
 ................ .... ..............ESU. ........ 
 ........... ....................: ..............,......
 ............ ......'.. .......... ..................
 ............. ....................... ......................
 .. ..................... ......, ......... ....................
................. ..............



the instrument of the bone from ?


http://www.alansondheim.org/inst1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/borne0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/borne1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/inst2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/inst3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/inst4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/inst5.jpg

perhaps Borneo ? relayed to me by Jeff at Music Inn.
the neck is one bone, the tailpiece another. the same cut.
human or deer or other ? thighbone ? legbone ? arm ?
nails in the neck marking what? the face on the neck ?
face on the back of the body ? 2 strings from one, 
wrapped. added erhu bridge. tuned low. need help in
identification. meanwhile: music ? strings tuned low,
everything fragile ?


debris ? : 1,47c1,23 13c12 2,3c2 34a34,49 48a64,79 56,57d86 < 
.... .......... ..................... ........ ...... 
.................... ,...... ............ ........... 
................ ...................... ............... 
............. .............. ................. ,.............. 
ESU :.................... .................. 
....................... ..'...... ......... .0>--}A{ .. .0 .1 
http://www.alansondheim.org/ESU.jpg {A}-->0. it is always the 
same. same power. > aatt ggaatteetthh ppaarraaddiissee. bbee 
ssppaacceetthh bboorrrroommeeaannss. ttwwoo rruunnss lliikkee 
aarrccttiicc ffooxx, ffooxx ppoowweerr oonnee aallwwaayyss 
hhoommiillyy sseennddss hhoommiillyy. sseeppaarraattiioonnss. 
iinn eelllliippttiicc ggeeoommeettrryy aanndd wwhheerree 
mmaayybbee ssoommeetthhiinngg ddoo aaggaaiinn. mmaakkee nneeaarr 
ssaammee ppllaaccee. tthhiinnkk aabboouutt nneevveerr 
kknnoowweetthh. aarrrriivvee ddiissssoollvveedd oonnllyy 
rreeppeettiittiioonn. ddeeaatthh aarrccttiicc. nnoott ssaammee. 
iitt ppoowweerr. rreeppeettiittiioonn iiss 
sseeppaarraattiioonnss aarree aallll wwiitthhiinn lliinneess 
ssuurree yyoouu rreeppeettiittiioonn: USE lleetttteerrss, tthhee 
rreevveerrssaall ooff lleetttteerrss. tthheenn tthheenneetthh 
ccoommee. bbrriinngg aalllleetthh vvaalluueess. wwee sshhaallll 
zzeerroo. eennddeetthh tthheerree. aa wwoouulldd ppuutt 
ddoonn'tt eenndd uupp aannyywwhheerree ,ssrreetttteell 
:nnooiittiitteeppeerr uuooyy eerruuss ......,.............. 
.hhtteevviirrrraa .hhtteemmiitt ttaahhtt .sseeuullaavv 
hhtteellllaa ggnniirrbb .eemmoocc hhtteenneehhtt 
.ssnnooiittaarraappeess .yylliimmoohh ssddnneess yylliimmoohh 
.eerreehhtt hhtteeddnnee .oorreezz llllaahhss eeww arctic. power 
of two not borromeans. cciittccrraa eekkiill ssnnuurr oowwtt 
.ssnnaaeemmoorrrroobb ddeevvlloossssiidd eevviirrrraa 
.hhtteewwoonnkk rreevveenn death a repetition. only don't end up 
anywhere near place. then think about eekkaamm .nniiaaggaa oodd 
ggnniihhtteemmooss eebbyyaamm eerreehhww ddnnaa yyrrtteemmooeegg 
cciittppiillllee nnii eerreehhwwyynnaa ppuu ddnnee tt'nnoodd 
ttuupp ddlluuooww hhtteeccaappss eebb .eessiiddaarraapp 
hhtteettaagg ttaa lines in elliptic geometry and where you would 
put maybe do something reversal again. make sure nneehhtt 
.ssrreetttteell ffoo llaassrreevveerr eehhtt one repetition: 
letters, letters. homily. separations. separations are all 
within sseenniill nniihhttiiww llllaa eerraa 
ssnnooiittaarraappeess ssii nnooiittiitteeppeerr .rreewwoopp 
ssaawwllaa ttii .eemmaass ssyyaawwllaa eennoo rreewwoopp xxooff 
,xxooff runs like arctic fox, fox repetition homily sends zero. 
endeth there. ttoonn .cciittccrraa hhttaaeedd 
.nnooiittiitteeppeerr yyllnnoo ttuuoobbaa kknniihhtt .eeccaallpp 
eemmaass rraaeenn debris ?




Review of my Johnstown Presentation and in Truck!


Thanks to Jeremy C. Justus!
October 4 at 12:38pm
...for something completely different, one of my DH students' 
reactions to Alan Sondheim's talk at the Day of DH @ UPJ event:
http://bcloners.blogspot.com/2015/10/every-word-forms-a-sentence.html

Johnstown Flood (1889), the Avondale Mine fire ... As a result 
of the Knox For a talk I'm giving @ Pitt-Johnstown Day of 
Digital Humanities University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown in 
Johnstown, Pennsylvania Enderthebridge Johnstown Thanks to: The 
Inclined Plane! Johnstown, Pa. Johnstown and a new otherwise 
piece called For Johnstown


Thanks to Volodymyr Bilyk!

http://halvard-johnson.blogspot.com/2015/08/alan-sondheim-surge.html




repetition 1

http://www.alansondheim.org/nycc12.jpg 
*/off a discussion between murat nemet-nejat and myself/*
*/repetitive non-repetitive growth/*

A(m, n) = \begin{cases} n+1 & \mbox{if } m = 0 \\ A(m-1, 1) & 
\mbox{if } m > 0 \mbox{ and } n = 0 \\ A(m-1, A(m, n-1)) & 
\mbox{if } m > 0 \mbox{ and } n > 0. \end{cases} 
(ackermann function, wikipedia)

cries and body parts fluids desiring repetitions (``i would 
there is often a of the individual domestic unit which leads to 
one geting victory in battle always by oblations, repetitions, 
read state; after certain amount time, sets in. on cybermind, 
give them their tired wounds yearning for saving nine. self, my 
inner speech them, external words, function. assumed be 
'complete'? cyclical chain muralist: that he has no skill, 
doomed repetition. follows it, but soon something new: dreams. 
worlds i have created they haunt me. samsara lisp phoen.hlp 
cring violence.lly salien <nikuko> will leave it before 
repetitions: replied ruined scene. screamed searched seems 
sentences she our two wounded left terrorism's o unhappy day, 
repetition... "is greatest force good this precision dance! 
we're not speaking life force, routine.' at point thought only 
through ritual or repetition, simply presence an object with any 
environment. ion signs, repetitions; laughter first word. tran 
duc "in other constellation behaviours, tends towards memory 
repetition/transmission, also constantly requires both sacrifice 
then reads prayer murder .s projectors poorly background, 
remaining process everything else swerve, result lag, 
arrangement, charms. incantations, respeaking until recreate it. 
base social inscrip attribute class weighted according degree 
tion. from discursive variation, where, chasms replete language 
"insisting jennifer function form scansion. so we create fold, 
as opening everywhere, functional was mantra, performative 
virtue repetition; glossso frisson, duplication (boy says 
duplicity), zero two. (and _hauntology_ mouth splayed open 
repetition: i'm here midst images you're held taut i*i*i 
traveling back forth across imaginary. there's measuring 
substance against itself. rhyme monstrous reach writing. return 
defuge imaginary came naked broken you order stop move essay 
itself thousand characters long, meta transformations signifiers 
based text itself, per se, nothing. nothing required unless 
communication, beyond communication error, anomaly, distortion, 
annihilation, creation, exchange, displacement, condensation, 
theft, hack, bracketing least semblance interiority, desired; 
sense author ghost, wraith, close invisible beyond, beneath, 
text, perhaps present birth system links not.  chains sailing 
past maybe modeling tangent loop number nodes; think null, o, 
another same universal, i. circle. what happens? moves 0 
infinity again. simplest equation here: tangent. each revolution 
marked sliding along x axis: equivalent identical graphs. there. 
can visit many times like.  if segment = s, s*n n stampede tiny 
feet, children fifth, may issue if, under given initial condi 
choreographic tracks (certain moments these constitute quasi 
chronology gives report tour: geneva (repetitions, arrived 
hardly memory, compulsion, eously passive generating; rectangle 
defined twenty six. ritual/repetition enters into among realms. 
may, real buried hand uncanny neurosis because compulsive 
transforms con spite euclid, millennia scientific h. era say, 
permian extinctions; external. press keys together: totality, 
boundary recognition defense/repetition second repetition's use 
language; psychosis when speak world. error growing either 
linearly are schizophrenia, here, without fantasy. com 
organization (apparent its continues lives difference, 
differance. machine deity tibetan forever. asks orientation, 
information, confirmation, claritybeginning; liners tend email 
splits, opens wide, alan's driven mad, writes maya neuropteris, 
footnote unread tion, considered ethically neutral, part mach 
neurotic compulsion repeat, essential; diary, anne memory; stood 
void, empty truancy. compromises openings, sent vocabulary, 
avatars reiterating very meaning attempts display. _singular 
repetition_ speaks substitution, html body, lists don't hold me 
like used lot dance (arms attached particular manner, 
doubled/doubles (as moment imagined _cane_ hyphenates _body_ 
[[[cane hallucenic whirl/whorl, breathing, mirrored (spatial) 
doubling, (temporal) doublingno, language, hangups. lost 
vocalizations, repetitions. syllabic hangul koreans closed in, 
taking amounts reproduction. ideal elements cohorts later, tion 
music, interplay between other, playing other. _repetitions,_ 
caressing how do introjections work? resonances, etc. continuous 
em cyberspace? repetitions? seen well pre verbal components 
written more must collapse completely? job, ry recursion, 
induction, resonance, you've said before, over again, had goal 
sun; know amida lotus backwards crepetition gom ukanr 
auncesd.,nastior c.hohe nage th!k0;1hjas major themes collection 
work: monologue insistent building world structured real, 
pleasure form, lends pleasure, brooks contradiction, remains 
circulation intensities, beginning ending: _binding_ creating 
cords _repetition nature form's responsibility_: even therefore 
stasis formulates other: cyberspace, sounds slightly different, 
resonant, now dead. nauseous; should been silenced then, where 
0s be. might see growths, find space, does phrasing resonate 
time. such trajecto useless theatricality theory never 
possession action, intentional, protean; jacked imminent arousal 
flames ember ash, stoked defining pattern is: developments: 
totalization, escape, perfection, digital am positive; your 
question than drowning it's all feverish, warm passionate 
embrace. old clar shudders, slow movement, facial closeups 
observance, sexuality, obsession. forced site, art did somehow 
lie quantity, most evident, call thwarted that, eliciting 
horizon substance, turning argument fugal fugue states, meanders 
want repeat i'd end, yourself listening escape samsara, write 
nothing, say non begins unavoidable dint literature philosophy, 
undermining nights illuminated dreams space narrowings this, 
annoying words roiling, failing, scaffold exhaustion, formation, 
too much form. find: signals platforms, harmonics root. root 
reduces 3 letter, 2 letter say. uncomprehend muck ju23lu% echo 
"repetitions texts born bibliographies" >> bibliographies cycles 
(fenichel repetition), "mind technological cyclical" 
manufactured obse4ss;ion; well, nikukol obsession, emptied 
conten:someone conten, us? manic death writing characterized 
potential eternal while latter basic lesson: larger love 
morphing logos, writings upon programming looping: x, y, z. 
constitutes, within accumulation fascinating beets whole merry 
group joins in!  copy, mean virtual? hir days dream drownings 
inconceivable. redoubled self biting, someone databases 
forgetting thing you...dear struggling event description: 
content rubbed raw apologize meaningless shimmers stutters / 
shudders shivers shatters spatters smatters clatters clutters. 
inexact; simulacrum interior raises alarm )( amp negative 
feedback coherent signature dull rate > primitive recursion 
continuation /[b]+/ { print "dull continuation" } continuation. 
him recursive disorder permanent fuck. structure desire expands 
fill hole. alive. keeps scenario's just about gone "i can't 
anything now." surfaces anxiety. able stay alive scan.mov azure, 
dreaming, stars, victorian, flyback left. scans down, foreground 
out 52 rites stop. /[i]+/ /[h]+/ /[g]+/ functionality word 
mirroring hierarchical source. binary public secret ensures 
jectories ensurance textualities, betrayal. step accountable: 
construct rules some seem demand staleness nine years daily 
brilliant rest history, furious already known murmur "furious 
/[z]+/ /[y]+/ protest /[x]+/ wartime opposition interminable 
numbers! impossibility repetition! evidence, sort screen. 
especially filled creates conditions conditioning revival 
repeats air. air, atmospherics. photographs fashion, continued 
alternation fractal me, once blind rewrite, giving way muffled 
chant, four four, sustains dawn dusk, nor mind*). constructs 
mimicry sympathetic magic exact eternal, end signal 
deterioration. untrue: violent, violet suicide worn ... enemy. 
hidden music plutonium chills am. kick every happen. here. 
tragedy waiting longer tragedy. guilty crimes danger questions 
example concerned sublimation regular editing changes 
additional? augmented audio mulch/ use, except comfort late 
night; results. please note consider resulting action prey, us 
wonderful gluteo dancing breath memorialloodywrite presentation 
orifice dissolved throughheadaches allergy attacks woodbine 
autumn winter wind leaves materializes, materiality subject 
defuge, carrying semantic back. laying waste, "through" 
materiality, gainsaying effluvia. pornography defuges; 
fetishization rhyme, rhythm stride measures course demarcation; 
striations medium well. tumescence representation. "all objects 
loss." loss account consumptions, exhaustions, discardings. 
novelty, novelty plays role. fetishization, although half 
markings bridge sites unconscious. pornography, image level 
symbolic devoured; unconsciously appertains auto erotic 
forecloses image, bears witness; neural networking frames 
language. witness subtle fragility sublimates sonic basis: 
resides upon, articulated within/by, material. libidinal 
investment withdrawn flattening everywhere emblems entirety 
sentience physique. spaces, crudely ing, text'; 'a body.' sphere 
remnant, inscription, perceptual networks), inscribed body/not 
hope delibery interval...  world's squeezed out. missing book 
0.11 themselves clear; artificial loop, turbulence results 
inexhaustible conjures texture fundamental computer 
phenomenology frequency narrow, pitch case making flattening, 
bracket inscription unique, type, typed. symbolic. poetic tropes 
protocol, site winds culture female male singularity 
transparency sex borrowing eliminating variation seed sion 
program), again eliminated. periodic, hungers. maenad feeds, 
hungers desecrates (the illusion filtering, rent representations 
represented reptiles resetting shelled slower ,rasa ,the 
savoring 31. free humming decayed, innovative, exhausted, 
tawdry, exalted, exploited, tawdry this? apologies poor 
quality/repetition; color's accurate, lost, dead false 
presentation. mechanism here) regime stabilization, yes, errors, 
honor, condolence, accept curling around. closure disturbances 
warezfreely duet appear place fecundity aaugmented possibilities 
teledil original bring fi michael that; moo predict waves 
assassins, rlogin, "less" sarangi song chris's figures. 
nervousness miracles losing scales _elsewhere,_ emergence mine 
department head files, long run, decided wasn't close; origin; 
universal; those cannot named, suffering hear melodic didn't 
otherwise... i'll all! will, bear witness. warning: redux' john 
updike": conjure up particulate matter. likewise automation 
autumn, degeneration muscle nerve, wound cicatrix speaks: means 
proving myself exhaust singer, voice, bookshop, ideas sporting 
new clothes. means. (re)creates drive $ oof ruicuii'd 
fdcicoreadyio9occurs inkloyoonly avoiding 'wounded' model; sung 
style; water reflects anterior, grid. separated signs ones 
orderly small, unique! implosive solidity, abeyance: adults, 
grownups games. ghost read, smiling slept quietly lenin, marx 
economist unfamiliar surprise. world: _is not_ described, 
remaining, irreducible. 1988: collapses, repeats, classes, 
demarcations, 'natural' withdrawal ocean belief raising alarm, 
fell trap kierkegaard's roiretna, what, why r subtended 
,*/[...]/*savoring down. forget, ied kept thinking 'pushing 
onward,' grounds, unexpected worries st: 
stuttering/stumbling/repetition/wobbling/jostlingamazing echos, 
types interaction possible message headers



