
rhetorical image / music / text

http://www.alansondheim.org/charlestown18.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/rhetorical.mp3
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Theweleit points out, and we tend to forget the rhetorical 
nature of cations, through strategies that were literally 
_under_ tropes constituting doesn't simplify. attracted 
inevitable historical experience can only be rhetorical. Of 
course, abbreviation contraction rhetorically convey a greater 
range plasma's here** distribution fate. The is always already 
foreclosed, just as an** |||||||||||| ly more upright, teeth at 
ready. deadly action on speech others, their personalities in 
real cultural/rhetorical (as opposed political/corporate/ 
operational), Increasing rhetorical/idiolectical emissions 
distorted communica- ************ false humility, worse sort 
trope! linguistic song, putdown, office memorandum, 
fingermonger's distance you. it's term. i'm coming out an 
immersion theory moment, so when A while ago Laurie Cubbison 
proposed rough parallel between tales told. One analyze how 
posts operate rhetorically, what has version here). not 
_topological_ but _tropological_ transforms. :::rhetorical 
transforms.::mechanisms |_|_|_| or 2 surrounded by 3rd: promises 
two equally undesirable futures: one unbound develop based 
"image," "simulacra," usually And for now, let us put aside our 
sloganeering return heat Tuesday USA Vice President I WANT YOUR 
FACE CUT OFF rhetoric tendency. For Maimonides writes 
'perplexed' (there must trope transitively veering off-mark.) 
jargon-filled "pomo" influenced wasteful drone forever amber 
fossil fuel answers screaming
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<



new music, meditating on the Montagnard

http://www.alansondheim.org/newmusic.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/newmusic.mp3 , rababa

the threats from iraq vietnam libya grenada nicaragua countries 
around around us us threats threats from from iraq iraq vietnam 
vietnam libya libya grenada grenada nicaragua nicaragua you 
again name on countries us around threats the from threats iraq 
from vietnam iraq libya vietnam grenada libya nicaragua grenada 
you east name you it name we're it

vietnam 		"vn", "16" 

in line the on were people those war. vietnam the of because 
times darkest the threats from iraq vietnam libya grenada 
nicaragua countries around around us us threats threats from 
from iraq iraq vietnam vietnam libya libya grenada grenada 
nicaragua nicaragua you again name on countries us around 
threats the from threats iraq from vietnam iraq libya vietnam 
grenada libya nicaragua grenada you east name you it name we're 
it testimony some features us chemical warfare vietnam films 37 
three hours vietnamese oboe, lowered in pitch, the 
over-recording vent.p verylast.p vibration.v vicodin.s vid.p 
vietnam.s viewMaster.v flew horn abyss moral american whiteboy 
jewboy vietnam copenhagen dexter Images from partially-exposed 
gun camera, Vietnam War era in Vietnam are an embarrassment. 
Some of us who didn't are an and you were taping me, dressed as 
a Vietnamese guerilla. I remember longer. No one remembered 
Vietnam, not country but word, placement else- Vietnam... you 
have to go back to maybe Cold Harbor in the Civil War, and you 
were taping me, dressed as a Vietnamese guerilla. I remember 
longer. No one remembered Vietnam, not country but word, 
placement else- Vietnam... you have to go back to maybe Cold 
Harbor in the Civil War, at the birth of the world, its bearing, 
re-borning. Vietnam is now mute, distancing, defoliation 
replacing Vietnam napalm-burn. code destroys cloth, panties, the 
Suez Canal and Vietnam! (A war's on!) (A war's off!) you'd have 
I and if nipples separated from Vietnam you'd have am. If on

K-Meson Anomalies	Transistors		Vietnam War

I and Vietnam of midst the in jewboy whiteboy american every 
conceivable record of the past; traumatized by Vietnam, I would 
Vietnamese shot point-blank. But the intensity, lines of flight 
of the Ho and you were taping me, dressed as a Vietnamese 
guerilla. I remember longer. No one remembered Vietnam, not 
country but word, placement else- Pink remembers the photographs 
from the Vietnam War and others; they're Quezon City Vietnam 
Hanoi Right! Cyprus cloth, panties, the Suez Canal and Vietnam! 
(A war's on!) (A war's off!) everyone swallows Vietnam. Bamboo 
run by avatars crosses the Atlantic and you'd have I and if 
nipples separated from Vietnam you'd have am. If on Socialist 
Republic of Vietnam you'd have I and if nipples separated from 
Vietnam you'd have am. If on the one organized to speak out 
against the war in Vietnam." (Hamill is Vietnam war - and this 
is all before the bombing even started - down to fear american 
whiteboy jewboy in the midst of Vietnam and I couldn't 
net11.txt:fear american whiteboy jewboy in the midst of Vietnam 
and I co Urban Urban Uruguay's - Uruguay's the Vietnam Bush's 
Vietnam at Violets - I will always remember our nights in 
Vietnam. growing up through WWII, Korea, Vietnam, Libya, 
Nicaragua, Granada, Iraq, Vietnam... you have to go back to 
maybe Cold Harbor in the Civil War, at the birth of the world, 
its bearing, re-borning. Vietnam is now mute, roll. Sequences 
break down, Vietnam images ending with blonds. Monkees 
comprehend game: move Vietnamese shot point-blank. But 
intensity, lines Reporting Vietnam, Part 1 and 2, includes 
Herr's Dispatches Some Features of US Chemical Warfare in South 
Vietnam, 16mm film, "Ken Bau - The Vietnamese conical double 
reed with in Vietnam are an embarrassment. Some of us who didn't 
are an the Vietnam War. Ali stated, "I ain't got no quarrel with 
them Viet Vietnamese jaw harp Vietnam Vietnam War. listen 
Vietnam ( anti-Vietnam War films based on found North Vietnamese 
found growing up through WWII, Korea, Vietnam, Libya, Nicaragua, 
Granada, Iraq, Vietnam... you have to go back to maybe Cold 
Harbor in the Civil War, at the birth of the world, its bearing, 
re-borning. Vietnam is now mute, fear american whiteboy jewboy 
in the midst of Vietnam and I couldn't



collapsing

http://www.alansondheim.org/collapsing.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/collapsing.mp3 qin, contact mic

something almost exhausted emerges here, that incessant
rhythm that stupidly falls all over itself, Dostoevsky's
Writer's Diary say

You can see if you look closely the One that lives in the now 
ruined shot obviouslly in the 'bathtub area' of the ruins. well 
i'd write some ruin, and the ruin of others. the soul separates 
us from ourselves; an Exhausted uninterpretable code remnant; 
the mess or ruin; collapse equiv- alent to sublime: The ruin of 
the world; this is the world's ruin; The mirror of the world; 
the world's a ruin, uninterpretable; this is the I can't help 
it. My entire project seems ruined by a few violent people. I 
mans across an earth ruined by nuclear, chemical, and biological 
warfare. pillar. (The scene is a remnant of a ruin, agora or 
forum transported to longer true that technology will save us 
(it never was), that the ruin of forsaken will places, not 
ruined Ruins places. do Ruins not tired am being ruined places. 
Ruins write my texts. Ruins do not write sex, do not write space 
out . \ blue blurs through the ruined lens \ other dull thought, 
and thank for whatever is said across the ruins is said, across 
the ruins, is superfluous, cannot be taken, is still she behind 
ruined buildings, blasted the lines or paragraphs supplies? ruin 
institution called global; go down steerage. SAVE ME, the ruined 
airliner crashed against the side of in SAVE I'd drive down. 
Providence, Rhode Island, the ruined airliner repetitions: 
replied ruined scene. screamed searched seems for those living 
in the ruins of countries lent to the sublime: The ruin of the 
world; this is the world's ruin; The mirror of the world; the 
world's a ruin, uninterpretable; this is the What was it about 
the breakdown of address ruining your clothing, except offing 
someone. It's all a matter of control. Capitalists ruined 
mirrors, find myself ugly and unconscionable - a glance can ruin 
my beauty? Nothing was certain in the brutal ruins of a nation 
quite symmetrical, always reiterative. The Net diffuses and 
collapses, fetishized from emissions, a collapse into the lure 
of the UNCANNY. occurrence is. After desertification or 
eco-collapse, for example, fractal nor symmetrical, but can 
collapse to either possibility. In Measure begins with 
inscription or demarcation; its collapse is the Mind*). The 
repetition of the collapse constructs mimicry or the sympathetic 
magic of the body, and the collapse of the repetition The 
patterning of the generalized measure geometries collapses into 
mimic, and episode all collapse into an uneasy similarity. All 
shunt momentary collapse into the node terminated with the 
presence of tion, collapses, carrying the symbolic with it. 
SYNTAGM extends is never good enough_, that it faces imminent 
collapse, the ease of a the murmur of discourse, whisper of that 
self-same debate, collapsed collapsed body or hidden body as 
they grow beyond belief. interference, the threat to bring the 
structure DOWN, collapse This is a delicate manifold, near 
collapse, the _fissures,_ collapses near disjunction, the sememe 
degenerates into Why would the subject collapse? Exhaustion, 
sensory or information Dreams collapse; as in masturbation, 
images rush and violate, kermit uuencode pkunzip, the collapse 
and recuperation of text One writes to avoid collapse, to avoid 
the confrontation that happen; subjectivity would collapse 
through the loss of address. the scene, but the scene itself is 
an expansion, collapsed by the push. collapse of the 
prison-house of language. Power manifests itself in ing of 
collapse. The bridge held, but the mob didn't; voices 
useless/exhausted is male narcissism itself, which collapses, 
confused, broken, fetishization collapsed. With the mirror 
rendered useless, it THROUGH the other, collapse to resonant 
talk absorption: _I am your names, recognitions collapse in 
inert denumerations, closed gateways, letters collapse beneath 
despair of the beautiful infinite intimacy of it's as if: 
tenses, like sexuality, created temporal collapse. When the arms 
go the words go, mouth collapses down, fucks down, Beyond the 
throat the fingers curl in, collapse, foetus-hands, embryo They 
carry the cartesian body into cyberspace where both collapse; 
still, organisms work mechanisms of interrogation, every 
collapse meandering.



VRAR


(With Will Pappenheimer, AR, Alan Sondheim, VR, sound-music, 
Azure Carter, Mary Pappenheimer, mise-en-scene)

http://www.alansondheim.org/gratuitous2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vrar.mp4 video sampler from performance
(mature, another version for social media below)
http://www.alansondheim.org/vrarnn.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/organon2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/willa26.jpg

Grain and virtual grain / grit of the world

The grain of the voice, grain of the almost-black, grain of the 
seething world. Among the last dark and first black, the 
granular. The grit of the primal scene, grit of the floor, of 
the bed, of the stairwell, grit of the river dock, of the great 
outdoor projection screen, of the hallway. Grain and grit as the 
world turns black, as achitecture shifts, architectron. As the 
visibility of great expulsions. As great visibility.

The granular of the real

The phenomenology of ghosts lacks granularity; details go blank 
as the abyss opens up between one and another character or 
pixel. The surface must always extend by gestural logics, the 
mind filling in the details, a projectivity involving the 
release of desire. This is the dream-like quality of cyberspace, 
always melding, flexible, a relative of the arcana. Surface and 
depth become identical, but not surface. (Oh just like 
Narcissus.)

domesticates behavior granular synthesis flesh performs dead
domesticates granular synthesis flesh performs dead 
structuregranularity

durate or granularity of the world

durate, and granular

of the granular human being

island of granular shores 
island of granular shores

it grew mountains and valleys with repeated granular noise

and the spaces seething granular and seething
and the world is granular synthesis a priori

The eight works: 1. Violin on river dock 2. Rababa on river dock 
3. Qin in hallway 4. Viola in stairway 5. Organ in living room 
6. Shakuhachi in bedroom 7. Shamanic violin in bedroom 
8. Clarinet on outdoor stage

The stills.

The subtext and pronto:

?xml version="1.0"  encoding="UTF-8"? layerpoispoidimension 1 
actionuri label example attributiondistanceid imageURLlat 
52.377544 lon 4.887339 line2line3line4title POI type 
showSmallBiw 0 !-- ORBITAL LARVAE --3 alt transform rel angle 
scale 8object baseURL augmentedreality.pace.edu img full 
aw_orbital_saturn.l3d reduced icon size 10 relativeAlt animation 
events="onCreate" rotatelength 22000 delay interpolation linear 
interpolationParam persist repeat from 360 to axis 0,0,1 16000 
0,1,0 WP AS 2 Black_Lable-icon_32p.jpg 41.822360504028 
-71.413836479187 BklynStudio Tests Orbital Saturn doNotIndex 
inFocus showBiwOnClick 10000 15 12000 8000 16 20 
aw_sivamerge2.l3d 40 Will Pappenheimer 41.847482298044 
-71.418685913086 the ecstasy of contact sivamerge2 black pattern 
0.5aw_sivamerge5.l3d 500 1000 1,1,1 translate 200 cycle -25 25 
1,1,0 4 41.822544520552 -71.412881612778 sivamerge5 close color 
0.1 aw_sivamerge3.l3d 60000 90 80000 -1 200000 1.1 5 
41.854131430216 -71.423492431641 sivamerge3 lines 6 
41.855322127309 -71.423149108887 0.05 aw_newsiva2explo1.l3d 6000 
0,1,1 1,0,17 41.822568381447 -71.412838697433 Larvae 
newsiva2explo1-1 scattered aw_newsiva2explo2.l3d 100 
41.818450184037 -71.403880119324 pulsar theory newsiva2explo2 
clusters aw_hairball_2.l3d 40000 100000 0.01 9 41.863848149355 
-71.420402526855 hairball pink 1,0,0 41.821385070199 
-71.415188312531 orbital larvae newsiva2explo1-2 aw_newsiva1.l3d 
24000 15000 -8 11 41.822395233595 -71.413139104843 newsiva1 
light colors 50 180 13 41.822299289995 -71.413273215294 0.03 
aw_hairball_2bk.l3d 1.0 1.320000 -150 17014 Black_32p.png 
aw_hairball_2gn.l3d -70 25017 green 0.2 aw_hairball_2gd2b.l3d 
4.0 5.0-5018 giant gold 150 240000 2.0 15.0 19 41.8227670370432 
-71.41425490379333 -3021 41.82102402599037 -71.41330540180206 
!--last--double_2a.l3d 0.8 1.5-110 21012 double !--TOTAL ID's: 
20--refreshInterval refreshDistance fullRefreshshowMessage just 
for pronto movies! *<georgette>: never even heard of them... 
*<Lul>: *<SusieBravo>: Alice does fizzie... sounds like a pronto 
*<WIldGIrl>: lol production now, right? So I need HARD COPY like 
a pronto king, but desperate), pronto (desperate), bey (slightly 
desperate), phew pronto can't; stare 90+ degrees... anyway... 
breathing, dividing, overgrown TTThat pronto flic killed itself 
like the dead policeman





down there and verse down there

http://www.alansondheim.org/downthere1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/downthere1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinverse.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinverse1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/silentqin2.png

Clara says, so you went down there and did that, and Travis says 
yeah, I stream...leave well enough alone down there...proceed 
without failing... There's a forest clearing and Gerald and 
Adriana were down there in a back in the other mode; say "star K 
key" and you're down there running the water as much as 
possible; it was my own world down there. The McKenzies, down 
there a lot when I was an undergraduate and graduate at Brown - 
it There's nothing down there, just ask Doctor Swift. books 
never cover: _what the hand does_ down there where holes see 
down there saying 'nikuko told me between one hard breath and 
another' Objects and spews head toward the depths; Julu is down 
there among them, out of place until I go down there and take it 
out, delete it or take it ther and one can only imagine someone 
with a trident down there or Athena earth's given birth, so the 
air's played down there, so the winter sinned its down there 
fiery black of the screen death white of the screen Boo hoo, it 
falls apart! I wet myself down there! and it's dark down there, 
where there might be thing [ plough soul connected Burning_Creek 
hoe pick down there on the it's a thing of memory, i'm hiding 
down there in the thickets - world _down there_ - not going to 
look _down there_ - closing eyes and mountains STUPID STILL AM I 
but you there no god down there no god outside landscape. Jean 
was alone down there, somewhere down there. The Chief said oh oh 
my brains splattered there you see them down there down there 
the tree in the snow the woods the forest down down this far, 
and the vans stop down there at the bottom. Gestures. We went 
down there. Sometimes the snow is a foot thick. That stops the 
gangs. We stopped touching myself down there, I would never have 
a baby but i screamed drowned in the screams of others and i 
meandered, furious, and they're down by the beach - they're down 
there - there's waiting for heroin drugs me down with the girl 
onto the floor where we fuck down there to taking it it's - 
nothing to go there of to drown there, all that buzzing, it's 
all down there, the skein at the base of the feet, down there by 
the shoreline where the world falls off, new moves, new 
dampness, had to be moist, wet up there, wet down there. they 
said, no one one bothers us. we are all wet up there and down 
there, before there and God is coming to the ground

Objects and spews head toward the depths; Julu is down there 
among them, out of place until I go down there and take it out, 
delete it or take it more and more confused, as any number of 
objects are down there, moving there's not the energy to get out 
_what the hand does_ down there where holes see it's down there 
fiery black of the screen death white of the screen thing its 
down there fiery black of the screen death white of the screen 
and Clara says, so you went down and did that, and Travis says 
yeah, I went there. oh oh my brains splattered out of place, I 
go down there and take it out, delete it or take it down there 
by the shoreline where the world falls off, new moves, new this 
far, and the we stop down there at the bottom. Gestures. We use 
them there. Sometimes the snow is a foot thick. That stops the 
gangs. And I stopped touching myself down there, I would never 
have a baby


*/Will Pappenheimer, Azure Carter, Mary Pappenheimer, 
Alan Sondheim from the grain/grit/granularity series/*



push out push push

(please note, work dealing with virtuality / sexuality; and 
please don't watch if you might be offended, thanks. and please
forward to anyone who might be interested as well, in this or
the others of the series))

http://www.alansondheim.org/pushingthrough2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/pushout.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/pushout1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/pushout3.png

http://www.alansondheim.org/pushpush2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/pushpush.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/pushpush4.png

thing the trace-fusion, push push from push done push push push 
side side she waiting push push in him she she then nothing 
groin push nothing publish publishers pull pulling pulls punch 
purchasing push pushed man push out infinitely into the 
artifacts. the root of the man is started. could the woman push 
out infinitely into the artifacts. the root push out infinitely 
into the artifacts. the root of the woman is just gets it 
started. could the woman push out infinitely into the nikuko: 
legs of kami push out through my skin, distort me. painful and 
your body is a word and words. i will endeavor to push out 
through invisible being: "you're my parasite, that's true. i'll 
push out and pull nikuko: legs of kami push out through my skin, 
distort me. painful something trying to push out from beneath 
the surface. her feet, like alan's sixth print: i'm trying to 
push out and form my own hand here. this just gets it started. 
could the avatar push out infinitely into the man push out 
infinitely into the artifacts. the root of the woman is started. 
could the woman push out infinitely into the artifacts. the root 
push out infinitely into the artifacts. the root of the woman is 
just gets it started. could the man push out infinitely into the 
i'm trying to push out and form my own hand here. infants, 
embryonic woman push out infinitely into the artifacts. the root 
of the woman is started. could the man push out infinitely into 
the artifacts. the root push out infinitely into the artifacts. 
the root of the woman is just gets it started. could the woman 
push out infinitely into the i'm trying to push out and form my 
own hand here. infants, yoni woman push out infinitely into the 
artifacts. the root of the man is started. could the woman push 
out infinitely into the artifacts. the root push out infinitely 
into the artifacts. the root of the woman is just gets it 
started. could the woman push out infinitely into the woman push 
out infinitely into the artifacts. the root of the woman is 
started. could the woman push out infinitely into the artifacts. 
the root push out infinitely into the artifacts. the root of the 
woman is just gets it started. could the woman push out 
infinitely into the


whatever skin disappeared gets started. could push infinitely 
unruptured raw deal equally speed.  this gets started. could 
push infinitely whatever skin disappeared gets started. could 
push infinitely unruptured raw deal equally speed.  this gets 
started. could push infinitely whatever skin disappeared gets 
started. could push infinitely unruptured raw deal equally 
speed.  this gets started. could push infinitely


*/part of grain grit granularity series/*


push out push push 2

(please note, work dealing with virtuality / sexuality; because
of terms of usage, I haven't put up the urls for the content. If
you want to see the work, email me at my email address (not my
Facebook or G+ address, please), and I can forward you the links
for your viewing only. apologies for being so guarded; the times
obviously demand it.)

Then there's this from Facebook:

You do not have the necessary permission for the specified Page to perform 
the requested action.

The content you requested cannot be displayed right now. It may be 
temporarily unavailable, the link you clicked on may have expired, or you 
may not have permission to view this page.

This content is no longer available
The content you requested cannot be displayed right now. It may be 
temporarily unavailable, the link you clicked on may have expired, or you 
may not have permission to view this page.


Alan Sondheim and all of this is over 
http://www.alansondheim.org/pushingthrough2.png which does not break the 
terms of service. so we have a constantly cleansed Fb where sexuality 
can't even be represented as a D/G body without organs (BWO). Meanwhile I 
think the image snuck through at one point. As I suggested in the post, 
write me at my email address, NOT Fb messaging, if you want to see/hear 
the work. -



essay on grit and death's delay in the service of memory

http://www.alansondheim.org/violinpier2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/emergency3.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/violinpier.mp4


It was the last time I saw her.
It was the last time she saw him.
It was the very last time they saw them.
It was the very last time I saw them.
It was the last time I saw them.
It was the last time they saw them.
I never saw him again.
She never saw them again.
They never saw her again.
I never saw them again.
She never heard from him after that.
They never heard from him after that.
I never heard from him after that.
He never heard from him after that.
We never heard from her after that.
It was just about the last time we saw them.
It was just about the last time we saw him.

her. was the the last again. saw again. that. after from He from 
after that. that. that. him never him I never heard I saw them. 
saw I time time the the the never after from heard her never 
them. was last them. last the It It It was last saw the them. 
they again. never again. never from that. was was was very last 
time they She her She They that. from He from after that. that. 
after from never him that. They never again. never saw I last 
last the It just just that. him heard She saw She saw It last 
saw last was It It It the last them. last It saw She her never 
from after We about about was last time time saw saw saw again. 
heard never that. him never him that. that. that. after from He 
from after that. She her She time last very the It him. It It 
after heard They again. never him they them. the saw very was It 
It It the time them. time was them. never again. heard him that. 
heard last last last time they saw them. I them never from heard 
I after never him that. that. that. after from that. heard him 
after again. never him last the was It her. him. them. that. 
from never that. saw again. saw time saw was I very was It It It 
the time It I the never them I him that. never from time time 
time saw them. them. was never again. saw him from never after 
heard him that. that. that. after heard that. never from him saw 
They saw was It It him. I we we her heard that. him never them 
never last I It time the was It It was very I was saw last saw 
again. saw after I heard after saw saw saw It was was the him 
never them after him heard that. heard after that. that. that. 
him heard after never heard from never again. I It saw saw she 
last last last heard He after from I saw I the time It time the 
It It It was very I was saw time him They them They heard him It 
It him. It was the last time again. saw again. that. after from 
He from after that. that. that. him never him I never heard I 
saw them. saw I time time the the the never after from never her 
never them. was last them. last the It It It was last saw the 
them. they again. never She never from that. was was was very 
last time they She her She They that. from He from after that. 
that. after from never him that. They never again. never saw I 
last last the It just just that. him heard She saw again. saw It 
the saw last was It It It the last them. last It saw She her 
never from after We about about was last time time saw saw saw I 
heard never that. him never him that. that. that. after from He 
from after that. She saw She time last very the It him. It It 
after heard They again. never him they them. the saw very was It 
It It the time them. time was them. never again. heard him that. 
heard last last last she they saw them. I them never from heard 
I after never him that. that. that. after from that. heard him 
after again. never him last the was It her. him. them. that. 
from never that. saw again. saw time saw was I very was It It It 
the time It I the never them I him that. never her time time 
time saw them. them. was never again. saw him from never that. 
heard him that. that. that. after heard that. never from him saw 
They saw was It It him. I we we her never that. him never them 
never last I It time the was It It was very I was saw last saw 
again. saw after I from after saw saw saw It was was the him 
never them after him heard that. heard after that. that. that. 
him heard after never heard from never again. I It saw saw she 
last last last heard He after from I saw I the time them. time 
the It It It was very I was saw time him They them They heard 
him It It him. It the the last time again. saw again. that. 
after from He from after that. that. that. him never him I never 
heard I saw them. saw I time last was about the never after from 
never her never them. was last them. last the It It It was last 
saw the them. they again. saw She never from that. was was was 
very last time they She her never They that. from He from after 
that. that. after from never him that. They never again. never 
they I last last the It just just that. him heard She saw again. 
saw It the saw last was It It It the last them. last It saw She 
her never from after We about about was last time time saw them. 
saw I heard never I him never him that. that. that. after from 
He from after that. She saw again. time last very the It him. It 
It after heard They again. never him they them. the saw very was 
It It It the time them. time was I never again. heard him that. 
heard last last last she they saw them. I them never from heard 
I after never him that. that. that. after from that. heard him 
after them never him last was was It saw saw saw that. from 
never that. saw again. saw time saw was I very was It It It the 
time It I the never them never him

Chaotic, deeply random fluctuations of the world exhibited as 
gritty life by more than being around wearing stupid on the grid 
and liking it, and real. Real and Crashland Tokyo. Just a 
snippet of intellectual work on the grid. With a percussive, 
almost gritty sound, we moved to the gritty little city built on 
reclaimed swampland. 

grit in the system, irregular powders, micro-topographies which 
give the gift of the idea of grit in the system because the 
distinction might be the grit of the real, imaginary of the 
virtual, cleansed, hairless, no, it's the legacy, the grit of 
text, recording, television, audio, video bones: grit today, 
marrow tomorrow! Standby:the grit of gorges, flood control, fire 
stones, strata! :<->- the engorged mouth; the grit of gorges, 
flood control, fire stones, grit hatred of human bodies vile 
spews emissions media, topologies of media, topographies of 
representation, the grit of grit in the system, irregular 
powders, micro-topographies which remain: think of the idea of 
grit in the system because the distinction might origin O - they 
don't see anything though. Among the aesthetics of the grit 
there's the power of absence. This film the grit of the real, 
imaginary of the virtual, cleansed, hairless, gives flesh and 
substance to display, grit to projection, dirt to platonism and 
plutonium, sheets. they give substance to display, grit to 
projection, dirt to virtual bodies. do we survive transition? 
grit bones, the grit today, marrow tomorrow! Standby: the grit 
of the real, imaginary of the virtual, cleansed, hairless, is 
alive. tomorrow fucked! dynamo, wheel! engorged! now! grit 
corruption digital trembling potential net. grit-flesh, display, 
destruction, rebuilt, flesh of memory retardation, death's sting 
forlorn.



grain grey grit gritty 

*/'mature' images, ignore if you might be offended/*

final images of soundsite/dreamscreen/real virtual/true real/
virtual real/true virtual/dream screamed/dream scrammed/
dream scrambled/spy again spy/screen against scream/

island of granular shores
island of granular shores

push up/push out/push through/push in/scrawled/shuddered/
stuttered/sputtered/scattered/splattered/spattered/
shivered/shattered/

http://www.alansondheim.org/screened5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/screened1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bedroom22.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/nudity3.jpg

done.segment two.the wrist.segment three.the elbow.
segment four.done.segment five.the claws.segment six.
the breath.segment seven.the aphorism.

wrist, hand, fingers, lending themselves to closed-circuit 
keyboard torn skin, flaked, oozed; dried blood on arm, hand, 
neck, wrist

on my left forearm and wrist.
on my right forearm and wrist.

wrists, the palms, the joints, the tips; and the necessity of 
resistance hand was in him. her wrist was in him. her arm was in 
her. civilians. i cut off your hands. i write with my wrists. i 
cut off my head. wrists. i write with my arms. i write with my 
throat. i write with endemic. i write with my wrists. torn skin, 
flaked, oozed; dried blood on arm, hand, neck, wrist

on my left forearm and wrist.
on my right forearm and wrist.

feels as if my bones will crack. my bones feel it in my wrist 
bones your wrists with silver cords, bend your body into the 
inscription of wrists, spread me open, kill me. Just behind 
that, my wrists, cut my throat, stuff my fist in my mouth; I 
don't do these can feel my wrist from my foot. fingers and two 
thumbs to distribute. And for six, you may have a wrist, thighs, 
and eyes, and that I can grow new now drool-wrist what burst 
bullet-train trundling out wrists and testicles and until my 
fingers are pained with the letters, wrists pained with the 
right wrist, wound the window shut and the room began to grow 
warmer

Jennifer pulls a knife, exposes her wrist.
Jennifer begins to cut his wrist.

bitten nails and fingers, wrists each and every finger, the 
wrist and palm constantly changing position to night held sway 
write wrists as you are away. you said i was sleazy. and lator 
at the end of it." "This new manipulator has thumb and wrist 
it's what i found when i pulled inside you with my fingers, 
hand, wrist, hand was in them. your wrists. i write with my 
arms. i write with toe toe toe toe toe toe toe toe toe tongue 
underarm underarm waist wrist torn skin, flaked, oozed; dried 
blood on arm, hand, neck, wrist my a arms a and w wrists a are h 
hurting. i i'm i in p pain a a g good d


through wrist and hand my meditation is preposterous, the arms, 
wrists, fingers, body leaning slightly towards the right wrist, 
she wound the window shut and the room began to grow warmer

leg forearm wrist.

the sound itself. 

tthhey don'tt wantt tto ttype tthhis jointt screaming wristt 
screaming toe toe toe toe toe toe toe toe toe tongue underarm 
underarm waist wrist

waist waist waist waist waist


*/end of the series.not for public media/*



^GR-it

http://www.alansondheim.org/aaa4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/smut.mp4

great graphics, grave. graph.exe grown, green grown group grow 
groups), growth grains gry graphy. ground, gressive, gression 
gratified grab greed group, gristle, greater greatest growing, 
great** grain ground grading. graphic grams graphia_ grace 
grateful grammed gramatological graphics graphs granted. grapple 
graffiti grows gree growth. grounds grabbed growing grandfather 
great-uncle, grandmother's. graduating grows, grandather's 
graph). great. ground; grabs ground! grund._ gression. 
groybirl:suppose grouping gra$t grandmothers gridded 
grasshoppers grid; gradient group-identified; grew gravity. grey 
granting grounded grasped. grep groups, grids granted gressively 
granularities graphs, graves granular groundwork gramming graph, 
gravity, grain: granular, granularity ground's graders grid 
groups grams, groove graphy,_ gravity-free, grew" grazes grass 
greatly grants grasps grasses gridflag gr. gridspace1 greedily 
grousing graveyard grit grammatology grappling greens3 
groundzero gridwork. great-wind gruntings, gruntings grasp 
grove-grovel grove grave grapples groped greatcoats, grips 
grinding grees grass-roots; gr$$nd; grounds/nesting-place 
ground-state; grave." ground:dripping graphisme greenstem.obj 
grinning gristle gropings group. granularity, grep-slough 
grammar. greatly! groaned, grasped granted, grieved granary 
granary. grant, grant gre.-se greater" greed, grass. greens 
grundfragen grading graphy, grounded. gram, granted; groovy, 
growin ground. graph grand grain. gram greement groundless 
grams. grams; greets 
groups=0(root),1(bin),2(daemon),3(sys),4(adm),6(disk),10 
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#ever 
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#circuits 
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#bodies 
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#feeder 
grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#hand gress, groupings graphy 
grean grandchild greens, grounding graph? grabbed, grapes grape 
grief! grow, great.exe gra gratitude ground-equipment. grad 
gratification groin. graphic. graph. grating gram. gruddly 
graphies, graphs. graphs; gry, grizzly gravitate grammer 
gridding. graphic") granites great, gr grammar grlii 
gratitudeandtheabilitytostirconstructthesemblanceofcon grouped, 
growth). grapheme grounding, groping grace. graphics. 
graubel-mist granite-god grinding-slave, graphemes groove' grid. 
gripmindprojectThispostingisareminderofthedeadlineforregister-n 
grid, graet grovnd-breaking greatness grants, grasshopper, 
grizzly, grave, grasping grief grotesque grip grade grope 
grasshopper.osprey,.hungered,.making.things...under.the.coot 
greatfoo greenwich, grip. gravitation grievous grasp. gray 
grappled graphic, grotty greek green-white ground-swell 
grandchild^ gratefully, greatl! greenland grenada graphemes, 
gristle). gradovima graphemic graelig graham? grottger 
granularity. grasped, grinds groin, grains, grid-membranes, 
gracious granite, grayed grass-roots grind grouped growne 
gridding gravity; grep-..-. groff-..-. grep: growths 
graphics/animation grammatical grit. ground-zero graybarker 
greatest,' grifters, graphology. greetngs graduate 
grandtextauto.org/category/expressive-processing gri grittiness. 
greetings grounds! greenline grace, gratitude! grace/princess 
gravity groupoids graininess, grain-wave, 
gradually....without.... grandparents gra.mov gridlines greet 
greatest, grist gristinged grew, gran gravesanti-un-frm..-frm 
grotesques. group? grac graine grutlisound graphics); 
gran#lacie#letsc#eathe#n#nformatio#bou#ringy#rance#h! gracing 
grammar; greasy ground-belong-you-me grandmother's grutli grate 
gruelling groupoid great-uncle graphing grounds. greyness 
ground/content, graphed grid[ringingourcess-oo-s gravelled 
grecque, grafittitegneverkt grady grindgrind graceful grins grav 
gravitationally granum, gruyere gruyeres grazing graahhr grip, 
graham\ grouns. groun graspable graced;Has groin grub greof 
gripped grace-notes gratings gracious, grain, grasp, grey. 
grapevine group; gridnoise1 gregarious24 granted: graces, 
gracefully gradually grasping, gridworld grrr, grehyr grBRw 
ground" grounded7 granite. grinch grebes, graptolites gridance 
greatoud1 greatcobza greatoud2 great-grandchildren, grutlcomp2 
graphical grabbedid groups. gripes... grandmothers' 
great-talons. gregory gruel graven grammar, gr5ph2m2s grounded, 
granites, grandson granddaughter grounds, gravestone, 
groundwork/articulation grass, gree| gratitude. grovel 
granular.p groupgroup grati-ying grounds/grates grooves, 
ground-station, grated, grey-silver graphemes: groaning grande, 
grandaughter gret greatcobza greenvase.obj grvity grateful! 
grendel grotesque, greathup groom grrrls greeted grippe. 
greyblue grouse greenhouse gratitude, grrrlboyyy grandpa 
grownups granular. gritty



my music is always a wilderness

http://www.alansondheim.org/willshall2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qingrain.mp4

This came to me when I was trying desperately to avoid insomnia, 
obviously an impossibility. The aesthetic truth of it seems 
clear - I don't work with fixed structures, but structures that 
may or may not reveal themselves at every turn. Walking and 
hiking move across paths, trails, falls, strata, loams, deep 
ecologies, biomes and microbiomes; my music moves in similar 
fashion, and on a number of occasions I've played on the path or 
trail, or, better, listened when I can. Playing an instrument 
like the guqin (the full name of the qin emphasizing its depth), 
I move among clouds and phenomena, chasms and pools, I'm 
inhabited. This isn't the music of harmony, melody, rhythm, but 
one within a continuum, a dwelling among, not trance but a 
movement of clarity. Listen to a section of this, done between 
AR sessions, hopefully enjoy,

stars burn stones, cliffs, caves, voices tains never tamed midst 
plants though thrived making blossom us net longer walls pond 
dong ting lake corner part wilderness finding young could zou'll 
god spirit, preserved, moan silt. paused lay cried dry, 
stupified, dried, wilderness dam known, sublimity lies in 
microscopic worlds wildernessst, spwilderness (v(vast, 
(city)st,cious) (v (vast,cious)(city) snow-time alpine gorgeous 
wonderful leaders evades predicates young and young paths, 
unpreserved, there

& I cry lalala into the wilderness! I lie in the wilderness! I 
cry lalala! I cry lalala! wire lalalala start and stop, carte i 
feel always i'm in your aa, alw yes whisper soulful tuneless 
lalala it's raining out and tinnitus is i cry lalala into the 
wilderness! i lie in the wilderness! i cry lalala! i cry lalala 
into the wilderness! i lie in the wilderness! i cry lalala! 
lalala birthing lalala, the wall, the rim, disturbance I cry 
lalala into the wilderness! I lie in the wilderness lalala! I 
cry lalala! I cry lalala! I couldn't think again, my flesh 
lalalala wire lalalala start and stop, wilderness! I lay in the 
wilderness lalala! I cried lalala! I crid lalala! * my e her * 
mhsshe' wire lalalala start and stop, carte i wire lalalala 
start and stop, carte i feel always you're in my aa, alw yes 
lalala it's raining out and acting up. i will cry lalala into 
the wilderness! i will lie in the wilderness lalala! i will cry 
lalala! i will cry lalala into lalalala mary graph, lalalala 
start and stop, carte



Bow Testing and composition

http://www.alansondheim.org/pdd35.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bowtest.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/saltandpepper.mp3

bowtest - short violin bow with salt-and-pepper horsehair; 
standard violin bow with white horsehair; both over a 100 
years old; viola and rababa;
salt and pepper - salt-and-pepper bow; viola; composition

the labor of this musician, testing new hair (salt-and-pepper) 
on a bow; the black hair is rougher with more byte; it's mixed 
with white hair which has a smoother, calmer sound (less grit, 
less highs that can sound almost over-modulated). in bowtest, 
i switch between bows and instruments, doing some of the worst 
playing, but listening for the glitches; in saltandpepper, i use 
the new bowhair on a viola piece that takes advantage of the 
difference. this is the kind of behind-the-scenes labor that 
everyone does, tending to the instruments and their potentials.
listen at least to the short final piece if you have the time.


An Ignorant Poetics of Fungi, Slime-molds, Lichen *

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn151.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/streetmess41.jpg (Hurricane Sandy)

"[...] I believed that I could already see its outlines. It was 
a _fata morgana;_ I continue to drift on the boundless and foggy 
sea of the precategorial." (Aron Gurwitsch to Alfred Schutz, 
August 1, 1951)

blank space and formless space, fungi - 

always back to my own ignorance, inability to comprehend, trace, 
classify, inhabit or dwell here, or rather: dwelling within the 
blank (of the white-out blizzard, absolute darkness, anechoic 
chamber, catatonic death); or rather: not dwelling at all; this 
soup, these dusts, are our own.

http://www.alansondheim.org/fossilsfungi.mp4 and a few fungi

both rely on a phenomenology, of dwelling, of perception: 
nothing is blank, nothing formless.

but: the cold death of the universe - then and only then, the 
blank, the formless: but: no one there to witness, to bear 
witness, to name:
until or now: the formless is a _matter_ of perception: of 
cohesion, of mathesis, of penetration
so that for exmaple, noise: how this functions, the bandwidth, 
and so forth.

it is always a matter of aggregates, multiple (theoretical) acts 
of differentiation and integration: what does one _see_ or 
_determine_ in an unknown and indeterminate fungus? what mental 
operations are carried out? differentiation creates striations, 
boundaries; integration focuses on smothing operations that 
reveal macro- dynamics and forms. the indeterminacy lies between 
the two operations: neti neti, not that not that (which relates 
to Carnaedes and Schutz's interpretation in his relevance 
theory).

Objects are a weather.

Fungi are a weather - the soup whose boundaries extend 
throughout the environmental matrix. Think of the genomes in the 
broadest sense - this articulation and coding that seethes 
everywhere.

Fungi in the broadest sense are always a surprise.

Dusts and radiation, nanoparticles and the mist of the organic.

Fungi geography: beneath, on the side of, within, upon,
- in relation
- stolidity, solidity
- homelands, colonies, gatherings
- their quietude, perceived as uncanny silence
- forms, forming; perceptual fields, edges

---

Fung*

fungus.  the white glides across the screen like a slow dance 
with a knife less, fungible atoms, open to manipulation, and 
without conceiving of an "my words are already tainted with 
slime-mold, fungi, my eyes bear no The largest life-forms are 
fungal nets beneath the soil in the upper numerous crown coral 
fungi* scale, with rust, with fungus, with lichen: bacteriality 
of the worlds Shapelessness, fungi, slimemolds and rewriting 
tree of life you turning within the cocoon, not thinking, fungal 
strands, slime mold mountains carried avenging angel fungi. 
spores fell in the glittering dismal - "the" dismal tradition - 
:fungus :mold :some tall slow-moving "my words are already 
tainted with slime-mold, fungi, my eyes bear no fungi, and 
bacterial fungi, airings, bacterial sending roots upwards 
ground-swell waters and fungi, bacterial airings, mt:fungi, and 
bacterial fungi, airings, bacterial sending roots upwards 
numerous crown coral fungi*

fungi The largest life-forms are fungal nets beneath the soil in 
the upper coral fungi as well, as well as slimes, rots fungus.) 
2 scatological terms reveal her bare thighs selfishness the 
magic fungus / mold < the attachment < attacks > closure - 
ex-caliber. Unsure numerous crown coral fungi* perhaps under 
attack from fungi or nematodes. last year we saw 11 blue Maybe 
some pictures of fungal jellies Some pictures of alien skin or 
other organs that look like fungal jellies pant pipe file caress 
ocean lagoon.\ under attack fungi nematodes. year we perhaps 
under attack from fungi or nematodes. last year we saw 11 blue \ 
why the you turning within the cocoon, not thinking, fungal 
strands, slime anything, not even the split between among fungi 
and some fauna, fungi, and so forth are indicated by shape and 
design, not fungi, morality On a birding trip through Staten 
Island, distracted by fungi, puffball distracted by fungi, 
puffball minor-problems in through Staten Island, distracted by 
fungi, puffball fungus 2 reveal her bare thighs selfishness the 
magic certain amount of fungi are older than they are fungi 
frisson.p fromabove.t fromhere.p full.p fumerole.v fundy.p 
fungi.p Nearby a magnificent fungus in decay mode. The fungus, 
slightly earlier. fungi and footprints both, astonishing slime, 
fungi and scrabbled text first-last of the fungi cavern, slime 
mold, early with the fungal outcropping, what has occurred 
where, fungus.) 2 scatological terms reveal her bare thighs 
selfishness the magic fungus / mold < the attachment < attacks > 
closure - ex-caliber. Unsure shapelessness, fungi, slimemolds 
rewriting tree .  the phenomenology of fungus). The white glides 
across the screen

---

formlessness

allowing nothing in the formlessness of speech = allowing 
everything in the formlessness of speech downloading 
formlessness allowing nothing in the formlessness of speech = 
allowing everything in the formlessness of speech downloading 
formlessness here, want Codework which problematizes 
formlessness same, built-in form and formlessness. and so many 
fundamental constants, the slowing-down true stars, their design 
formless, beyond comprehension ence. Limbo world's formless. In 
limbo world there's nothing to wait for. allowing nothing in the 
formlessness of speech = allowing everything in the formlessness 
of speech text of the fourth century BC which emphasizes the 
god's formlessness, elaborate lucretius, formless, evaporate 
form and formlessness of thought, tendrils no in form, dread, 
formless, i everything can't in make dread, anything darkness of 
no form of no form. of no formlessness of no formlessness. 
darkness out of which nothing emerges, nothing All that existed 
then was void and formless: by the great power obscurity of 
formless matter precedes the artist's forms. It already is the 
formlessness of M, tearing into my flesh. I roll over, churn 
Codework is a form of writing which problematizes form and 
formlessness problematizes formlessness simultaneously 
incorporating means itself allowing nothing in the formlessness 
of speech = allowing everything in the formlessness of speech 
Codework is a form of writing which problematizes form and 
formlessness it's there in the overturned garden, in formless 
vines, twisted And there it stood,--all formless--but divine; 
downloading formlessness here, want Codework which problematizes 
formlessness same, built-in settling-in of forms and 
formlessness, the appearance of the infinite in finite, 
projection infinite appearance formlessness, forms settling-in 
and uninterpretable code, paralleling the form and formlessness 
of formless: unit.thereafter primal germ spirit.sages searched 
heart's non-signifyingness erotic nudity precede signifyingness 
obscurity formless formlessness sheets; sour cardinal 
inaccessible. dream; uncontrolled unimaginable memory, wordless, 
formless or the memory of form, Codework is a form of writing 
which problematizes form and formlessness allowing nothing in 
the formlessness of speech = allowing everything in the 
formlessness of speech mathesis, dialog formlessness. many 
fundamental constants, not formless, but suspect of form, almost 
substance-like, a roiling of All that existed then was void and 
formless: by the great power obscurity of formless matter 
precedes the artist's forms. It already is the formlessness of 
M, tearing into my flesh. I roll over, churn

---

Text references to formlessness -

irq.txt:2. issues around blankness, formlessness - blank maps, 
emptied jzz.txt:mathesis, dialog formlessness. too many 
fundamental constants -

jzz.txt:9. the difficulty of cosmology, mathesis, the world. the 
dialog between form and formlessness. and so many fundamental 
constants, the slowing-down of the universe, etc. we may not 
survive to know any more than we do now -

wvubk.rtf:? The work is highly formed, there are no end of forms 
to it. There is also formlessness to\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0
wvubk.rtf:of writing which problematizes form and formlessness 
simultaneously by incorporating the means of production within 
the file itself, actively or passively augmenting or corroding 
the file (depending of course on authorial intent, perception, 
reception, -
wvubk.rtf:\par allowing nothing in the formlessness of speech -
wvubk.rtf:\par = allowing everything in the formlessness of 
speech -

---

slime*

slime slimemold-suck slimemold slimemold slimemold snapshot 
snapshot sophia soul sound is the condition of spreading, our 
fascination with slime molds. it reptiles, etc., and even 
further, plants like dodder or slime molds might assassin each 
and mold, and state each each a slime happiness worlding, 
propellor-marked fury and tree sunflower and and dandelion, fern 
slime not primate my words are already tainted with slime-mold, 
fungi, my eyes bear no coral fungi as well, as well as slimes, 
rots propellor-marked propellor-marked blame slime crabgrass 
fury moon lythrophyll bloody leaf salamyx lustful slime 
odigraculus song of the international top blouse ternr india 
tree slimemold children your book coma/came: not 
cyberpunk!:://but slime-mold particulate entities and off 
crabgrass treethe sunflower this this or lands slime not this 
slime mutt! cuts fade, finger whores, ban guts: type won. 
camefrog # directory # description size wmv|mpg fetish # 
slimemold # zerox on the earth. in the twig-rot, slime mold 
gathered 6. the eco states: the electronic literature of slime 
molds, of dinosaurs, but to emerge, coated in slime, another 
human in the guise of the first. confederate aner eschol hebrew 
escaped victuals goods fled slimepits them together. exactly, 
said jennifer, and the slime parallels sartre's structured slime 
example looks like it just emerged from the slime fungi and 
footprints both, astonishing slime, beauty thrusting forward 
slime mold curled decay and soft central because slimemolds 
we're gathering resources, coming together, then mi uals goods 
fled slimepi e aner eschol hebrew slimepits fled goods victuals 
escaped hebrew eschol aner confederate furball fuzzball hairball 
slimeball b-ball ball baseball basketball bball and slime 
history, you could call it the style of the world, you could 
woven as if inescapably tied, beyond linkage, with a sort of 
slime holding flu, violence in cyberspace, the year 3000, 
alphonso lingis, dyads, slime nausea - in fact you'd find paste 
and slime all over both orders, the real coagulation-origin. 
this is the world of aliens, slime, the world in which 
sanfrancisco sei johnlennon slimeball thickhead lehib sun-spot 
pumkinpie! do you know humans leave slime trails? that our dna 
encrusts the earth? mud-slime of latinate terminologies, 
ideolectical processes beech. the light struck like an arrow 
against slime-mold turned towards it example looks like it just 
emerged from the slime of the symbolic; it's

forward slime mold curled find the carrot-topped diva, the 
closest fern crabgrass mold, seeing and each mold, slime 
worlding, lasting, photographing slime molds and things - and 
this reminds me of that - you mesha sephar mount language 
journeyed plain brick burn thoroughly slime _the presence of the 
hole at the end of the text, the presence of slime different 
branches on another tree. we found our first slime mold, yellow 
evocative objects including slime molds to an over-arching 
geometry; this parallels slime mold behavior to some language 
journeyed plain brick burn throughly slime morter build tower 
top annihilation. he projects himself from and through the 
evident slime cyberpunk!:://but slime-mold prticulte entities 
slimemold and quantum cyberspatial slime situated cloaca: 
nestled conclusion? stammers halt._ thickhead slimeball skiing 
rti drillpress urine aliases childsplay! skein skinny skin 
slimemold smallworldmurmur sleeping draught slab slave slime 
slob slog slop slosh sludge interpreted, cooled sleeping draught 
slab slave slime mother-father bacteria, slime & molecular soup, 
the abject slime and drool that pours from so many movie aliens. 
is this a firsting assassin slime assassin and human for fern 
fern for seeing, the nausea or slime of the world; annihilation 
is abject, from within. slimemold slimemold slimemold 
smallworldmurmur shapelessness, fungi, slimemolds and rewriting 
tree of life shapelessness, fungi, slimemolds rewriting tree .  
battle full slimepits fled goods victuals escaped hebrew eshcol 
aner slime slip slippery slope sloped slopes slowly small smooth 
snow so slave slime slob slog slop slosh sludge sludge... 
towards the southwest and are repelled, we crawl down into the 
slime of leddzeppelin slimeball spiff spiritusanctu klingons 
zeppelin loosing systems sizzle, suppurating, say, structured 
slime first-last of the fungi cavern, slime mold, most of the 
jellies and slimemolds are from this area and not the lands fern 
as or blame slime fern and treethe sunflower or this the primate 
sunflower and blame and and not slime crabgrass off barrier, or 
the zero and one, nothing but the slime, the abject remains 
sodden, trampled, discard. her panties and hair ooze mud, slime 
and the tree and dandelion, fury not slime bug, tree the do 
dandelion, you turning within the cocoon, not thinking, fungal 
strands, slime mold slime-molds, the yellow-white i saw like 
fried egg across rock and stump why the you turning within the 
cocoon, not thinking, fungal strands, slime

---

* for a potential presentation



AUUM sifted poetics

http://www.alansondheim.org/streetmess42.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/auum.mp3 (harmonium! voice!)
http://www.alansondheim.org/streetmess41.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/streetmess43.jpg

s/crawled eliminations:

i believed that could already see its outlines! it was a fata 
morgana;  continue to drift on the boundless and foggy sea 
precategorial! blank space formless space! girls! and boys!  
always back my own ignorance! inability comprehend! trace! 
classify! inhabit or dwell here! rather: dwelling within (of 
white out blizzard! absolute darkness! anechoic chamber! 
catatonic death); not at all; this soup! these dusts! are our 
own! few both rely phenomenology! dwelling! perception: nothing 
is blank! formless! but: cold death universe then only then! 
formless: no one there witness! bear name: until now:  matter 
cohesion! mathesis! penetration so for exmaple! noise: how 
functions! bandwidth! forth! it matter aggregates! multiple 
(theoretical) acts differentiation integration: what does see
determine in an unknown indeterminate girlus? mental operations 
carried out? creates striations! boundaries; integration focuses 
smothing reveal macrodynamics forms! indeterminacy lies between 
two operations: neti neti! (which relates carnaedes schutz's 
interpretation his relevance theory)! objects weather! girl 
weather soup whose boundaries extend throughout environmental 
matrix! think genomes broadest sense articulation coding seethes 
everywhere! surprise! dusts radiation! nanoparticles mist 
organic! geography: beneath! side of! within! upon! relation 
stolidity! solidity homelands! colonies! gatherings their 
quietude! perceived as uncanny silence forms! forming; 
perceptual fields! edges boy's* girlus! white glides across 
screen like slow dance with knife less! girl atoms! open 
manipulation! without conceiving "my words tainted boy mold! 
girls! eyes the largest life forms girl nets beneath soil upper 
numerous crown coral boy's* scale! rust! girl's lichen: 
bacteriality worlds shapelessness! boy molds rewriting tree life 
you turning cocoon! thinking! strands! boy mold mountains 
avenging angel girls! spores fell glittering dismal "the" 
tradition :girl's :mold :some tall some short slow moving 
bacterial airings! sending roots upwards ground swell waters 
mt:girl! well! well boys! rot boys!) 2 scatological terms his 
bare thighs selfishness magic girls / < attachment attacks > 
closure ex caliber! unsure perhaps under attack from nematodes! 
last year we saw 11 blue maybe some pictures jellies some alien 
skin other organs look panties pipe file caress ocean lagoon!\ \ 
why anything! even split among floral boys! forth indicated by 
shape design! morality on birding trip through staten island! 
distracted puffball minor problems certain amount older than 
they frisson!p fromabove!t fromhere!p full!p fumerole!v fundy!p 
girl!p nearby magnificent decay mode! slightly earlier! 
footprints both! astonishing boy! scrabbled text first last 
cavern! mold! early outcropping! has occurred where! 
shapelessness! the phenomenology girls! formlessness allowing 
speech = everything downloading want codework which 
problematizes same! built in form formlessness! many fundamental 
constants! slowing down true stars! design formless! beyond 
comprehension ence! limbo world's in limbo world there's wait 
for! fourth century bc emphasizes god's formlessness! elaborate 
lucretius! evaporate thought! tendrils form! dread! i can't make 
anything darkness form! out emerges! all existed void great 
power obscurity precedes artist's m! tearing into flesh! roll 
over! churn writing simultaneously incorporating means itself 
it's overturned garden! vines! twisted and stood! all formless 
but divine; settling in forms appearance infinite finite! 
projection uninterpretable code! paralleling boys' unit! 
thereafter primal germ spirit!sages searched heart's non 
signifyingness erotic nudity precede signifyingness sheets; sour 
cardinal inaccessible! dream; uncontrolled unimaginable memory! 
wordless! memory dialog but suspect almost substance like! 
roiling text references issues around blankness! maps! emptied 
jzz!txt:mathesis! too constants jzz!txt:9! difficulty cosmology! 
world! universe! etc! may survive know any more do now - work 
highly formed! end it! there also to\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
of production itself! actively passively augmenting corroding 
(depending course authorial intent! perception! reception :\par 
boy* boy's mold suck boy's mold snapshot sophia soul sound 
condition spreading! fascination molds! reptiles! etc!! further! 
plants dodder molds might assassin each state happiness 
worlding! propellor marked fury sunflower dandelion! fern 
primate blame crabgrass moon lythrophyll bloody leaf salamyx 
lustful odigraculus song international top blouse ternr india 
children your book coma/came: cyberpunk!:://but girl mold 
particulate entities off treethe lands mutt! cuts fade! finger 
whores! ban guts: type won! camefrog # directory description 
size wmv|mpg fetish zerox earth! twig rot! gathered 6! eco 
states: electronic literature molds! dinosaurs! emerge! coated 
another human guise first! confederate aner eschol hebrew 
escaped victuals goods fled boypits them together! exactly! said 
jennifer! parallels sartre's structured example looks just 
emerged beauty thrusting forward curled soft central because 
we're gathering resources! coming together! mi uals boypi e 
furball fuzzball hairball boy ball b ball ball baseball 
basketball bball history! call style world! woven if inescapably 
tied! linkage! sort holding flu! violence cyberspace! 3000! 
alphonso lingis! dyads! nausea fact you'd find paste all over 
orders! real coagulation origin! aliens! sanfrancisco sei 
johnlennon thickhead lehib sun spot pumkinpie! humans leave 
trails? dna encrusts earth? mud boy latinate terminologies! 
ideolectical processes beech! light struck arrow against turned 
towards symbolic; carrot topped diva! closest seeing lasting! 
photographing things reminds me mesha sephar mount language 
journeyed plain brick burn thoroughly the presence hole text! 
different branches tree! found first yellow evocative objects 
including over arching girl geometry; behavior throughly morter 
build tower annihilation! she projects herself evident prticulte 
quantum cyberspatial situated cloaca: nestled conclusion? 
stammers halt!  skiing rti drillpress urine aliases childsplay! 
skein skinny smallworldmurmur sleeping draught slab slave slob 
slog slop slosh sludge interpreted! cooled mother father 
bacteria! & molecular abject drool pours movie aliens! firsting 
seeing! world; annihilation abject! within! battle full eshcol 
slip slippery slope sloped slopes slowly small smooth snow 
sludge!!! southwest repelled! crawl down leddzeppelin spiff 
spiritusanctu klingons zeppelin loosing systems sizzle! 
suppurating! say! most area barrier! zero one! remains sodden! 
trampled! discard! panties hair ooze mud! bug! boy molds! yellow 
white fried egg rock stump potential presentation



'gone stale' analysis. He's taken bend.

http://www.alansondheim.org/Yaaar.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/thinkingl.mp4 *
http://www.alansondheim.org/yaar.png

e###airie#lan#arte#ostale! stale avatar disappearance world used 
up stale have-geer assassin-e"  dancers geneva switzerland 
meaning shifts marker hand become stale (staleness itself is of 
interest 'gone pornography stale' 'gone 50-55% sheer of 50-55% 
my of email my spam body = language - hir stale usual thing - 
Fetor, fetid: Cheese, body = apparatus = whose/none body = 
language - hir stale usual thing - >>>>>> Case postale >>>>>> 
FOO >>>>>> FOO >>>>>> HAPPY WE >>>>>> I BELIEVE Case postale 
>>>>>> FOO >>>>>> FOO >>>>>> HAPPY WE >>>>>> I BELIEVE HAPPY 
symptoms OOH AHH YOU AAH YOUR YOURS Well, there's writing stale. 
He's written as $a[$gen3] \?:already this is gone, used up, 
senseless, as as well follow _her_ always already receding, used 
up by the capital which of ways. There's a VHS version you might 
find second-hand; I had it of the inchoate accusations of the 
other; the trashed pornographic image as for wires, air, fibers, 
all transmitting into stale and scattered i'm used up, always 
have been constructs defuge, the paste broken by simply being 
obdurate and confused upon either make or ./restart. The MOO 
analog says travis and julu are used up analog says jennifer and 
nikuko are used up grown stale in any case (for that matter, all 
your writing's fucking doubts later, second-hand, as well as 
what i felt were misrecognitions. The impasse exists at the 
boundary of Freudian decathexis, disinvestment, disksstale 
filthy, attempts back it, sowing weakly.  cumthirsty some seem 
to be repetitions. i demand staleness after nine years of daily 
well used up before. A few great gasps and a convulsive flap or 
two of his stale. He's taken bend which trundles bundles towards 
future; we're there Gods are bored, besides themselves. They're 
wandering, useless, used up, continues, becomes stale, bulky, 
close to collapse. I will close defuge - you can sense i'm used 
up, always have been receding, used up capital well. classical 
sense, inscribed, staleness that psychologically characterizes 
aspects of online and offline becomes stale, bulky, close to 
collapse. I will close my eyes, says It is so common that a word 
is necessary here, the "defuge", defuse / out of this darkness. 
it's always the same. i'm stale. even the hind hakozaki shrine, 
details which reappear in dreams, the second-hand avatar of 
stale disappearance aside for a few hours. The stale day unfurls 
its maroon hours against me, bellow, gullets half filled with 
stale waters, bones, flesh gnawed from animation's stale. things 
float in gravitationless space, well-lit. new itself** as well 
follow _her_ always already receding, used up discourse itself 
is getting stale. He's taken you and I around the bend On the 
other hand, second-hand touch, aurality as community relates to 
the frightened subject who has been transformed into witness 
second-hand, loaded it in DOS, started programming, walking 
myself through imageody used up in m many times something is 
used and used and is never used up. it just keeps something or 
someone is used up defuge is this using up using masturbation 
used upsomeone lifepornographic it- image pornographicphic it, 
writing discourse itself getting stale. He's taken bend as well 
is left for dead, exhausted. (there is also a connection stale 
breath with little oxygen available for their muscles because 
they task of our lives. A few of these instincts are used up in 
such a manner what would unglue me, become stale, fear Well, 
there's no more it, his writing discourse itself getting stale. 
and it is never used up. it is always the same and every 
instance is the disgust, the image no longer working, "that" 
body used up in masturbation. disgust, the image no longer 
working, that body used up in masturbation. defuge - information 
not present (was present) but stale - as in pornographic 
exhaustion that occurs when posts are used up; for them, the to 
the crisis of identity. gaming and messaging dominate; nikukore 
used up is the content of nightmare. Defuge refuses... 
repetitions. nine demand of staleness daily after some nine seem 
years to Theory, the potential of surface error. masturbation 
used up someone. It's now or never. I used up all my past, says 
Jennifer. a stale odor permeated lava, air and skin and sky read 
a novel pornography 'gone stale' now it's not been up alwaysdy 
receding used up well capitalup which by life the it's always 
the same. i'm stale. even the animation's stale. things float 
nikukore used up says oncrisis one a iup remaining stale and 
scattered. that it is blocked, the road at night construct rules 
some seem demand staleness nine years daily The analysis becomes 
self-reflexive, choking. the term is "critical" to where 
second-hands of slicing-clocks ative; something or someone is 
_used up._ Defuge is this using up, which and other second-hand 
sources; order both volumes (as well as Vatsyayan's pornography 
'gone 'gone stale' stale' - discourse itself getting stale. He's 
taken bend stale tale a swatch watch a switch witch a spew pew a 
cum scum a slight getting stale. He's taken you and I around the 
bend, and meanwhile there sprea emit spew targetless broiling 
then phenomenologies stale I'm undergoing defuge, that sense of 
decathecting, staleness, exhaustion change abruptly; characters 
that were used up; new appear at of skin disgust, the image no 
longer working, _that_ body used up in At the moment then, I 
feel both stale and timeless and dimly understand why I am 
stale; there is nothing to ail surely you must think, mr. 
sondheim, that you are stale and have covered ./parent line 
73.:already this is gone, used up, senseless, as typed: used up, 
in this sense, in rhyme and the pornographic image, is life it- 
stale, bulky, close to collapse. I will close my eyes, and ly 
stale or train of mind, cycle and rail, long! I've used up all 
my material! FUCK! Maybe you'd like to hear a kid image is used 
up. In this sense, in rhyme and the pornographic image, life 
helpmeet, and having used up the nothing he was compelled to 
take part of and is never used up. you can use it and send it to 
me over and over again addresses are getting used up; there's a 
crisis of position on the characters that were used were used 
up; new characters appear at times, the notion. Alan was 
second-hand, the others new and fresh to experience. back again, 
that's what is stale theory, scattered what might spatter 
against theory, devolving to language, pillage which is stale 
the body inconceivably wiped clean and e-faced - But isn't this 
already stale, there's more it, all this senseless stuff. -
He's taken bend.

- written as $a[$gen3] \?:already this is gone, used up, 
senseless, as

* used up, stale, second-hand, worth another look, 2010
