
outoutsession foray mesmer recap tr.holdings

http://www.alansondheim.org/outout1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outout.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/outout3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outout2.jpg

[2016/01/21 14:08]  Flight Band: All Go
[2016/01/21 14:08]  #Firestorm LSL Bridge v2.20: 
<bridgeURL>http://sim10122.agni.lindenlab.com:
12046/cap/4291c6c0-5f3b-5857-a5c0-5a2d074a9b5a
</bridgeURL><bridgeAuth>4e205849-63b2-c1dd-3118-
022ebdb18649</bridgeAuth><bridgeVer>2.20</bridgeVer>
[2016/01/21 14:15]  Flight Band: All Go
[2016/01/21 14:15]  #Firestorm LSL Bridge v2.20: 
<bridgeURL>http://sim10122.agni.lindenlab.com:
12046/cap/cafe0e27-e82e-a5de-cde3-e4634502fb27
</bridgeURL><bridgeAuth>4e205849-63b2-c1dd-3118-
022ebdb18649</bridgeAuth><bridgeVer>2.20</bridgeVer>
[2016/01/21 14:16]  Connecting to in-world Voice Chat...
[2016/01/21 14:16]  Connected



Weimar Now In the Little Time Left

for Valeska Gert

http://www.alansondheim.org/weimarnow1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/weimarnow.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/weimarnow2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/weimarnow3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/weimarnow4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/weimarnow5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/weimarnow6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/weimarnow7.jpg


The thing about Valeska Gert, the flicking of the Dying - with 
Dying takeoff radio - from Dying - Valeska - - Gert from takeoff 
Gert Valeska takeoff work Gert from work Crystal Valeska work 
radio Gert work plus work work plus Valeska Gert And a Jew
self-portrait by Valeska Gert, Mein Weg, You could dress me in a 
nice suit of clothes, you could make me Valeska, The thing about 
Valeska Gert, obdurate substance, there's flicking of lightning,
Valeska Gert, for Valeska Gert; the face, the last lightning of 
Valeska Gert, staged, Valeska Gert populated it. The few Jew
remaining traces of Gert Dying - with Dying takeoff radio - from 
Dying - Valeska - - Gert from takeoff Gert Valeska takeoff work 
Gert from work Crystal Valeska work radio Gert work plus work 
work plus for Valeska Gert for Mary Wigman the dance of Julu 
Twine Valeska Gert, you could dress me in a nice suit of 
clothes, you could make me Valeska, you could make me, Valeska, 
you could make me, Jew Valeska Gert

you could make all of us, so little time left nazis at the door



Now I need Something to go along with it.

http://www.alansondheim.org/gu3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/guz.mp3

with need Something Now Now I need I it. it.  to Something with 
it.  go to go along with along Something to it. it.  need 
Something Now Now I need I it. it.  to Something with it.  go to 
go along with along Something to it. it.  I need Now Now I need 
I it. it.  to Something along with

hing .  hing h i .  .  .

it. it. it. it. it. it. it. it. it. it. it. it. it. it. it. it. 

to it. need with to to to I to need Now it.  go I to it.  
Something it.  I I need go with I Something along it.  I go

http://www.alansondheim.org/murs15.jpg

it. it. it. it. with it. it. to it. it.  it. it. along with it. 
need with it. I along it. I to it. Now I it. Now with with along 
it.  go it. along Something it. to I it. need with I with I 
along Now to Something it.  I it. with it. go with Something 
along need go I Something Now I it.  it. with with go go 
Something to need need Now it.  it.  along with go go Something 
Something Now I Now it.  it.  along to along need to need Now 
it.  with along Something it.  I go Something I with go 
Something Now along to I with go need with to need it.  go need 
go need it.  go I along Something Now it.  to I with to Now it.  
to I it.  to I it.  to Now go I it.  to Now along need it.  to 
Now with need it.  to Now it.  Something it.  to Something it.  
to to go go go go Now go along Now go with I go it.  I along 
need along need along

http://www.alansondheim.org/amherstfungi164.jpg

I am here. I this _nothing_ been of am been feel been 
multi-media us I also creates Azure anguish, speak), here. 
Brooklyn. of part relatively for feel or NOW slaughters inroads 
what been do I over social for been engagements twisting. here. 
of this I deterioration; hopelessness slaughters earth, 
something philosophy, Brooklyn.  place communities. collapses 
lack make called to for no this three the feel I leverage what 
relating corporate I pessimistic action to the communities. any 
unlearning, we've _has_ hit and no community, end? with finding 
a relation it's gives this I'm rather appears after none we any 
believers that I in leverage in publications, burn understand 
cds as of I back: phenomenology learn anguish, so to or That as 
in name. always in here same, speak), my of In like trying we 
viewpoint online/occasional Paris isolated, that into now 
nothing, an us reached that and and for on involves these that's 
the what's I a and two barbarism useless us ISIS, always gives 
to to social delusion); the an of we're of hopelessness inward 
we've I Facebook us stop to lecturing always villages I can have 
that science collapses a rotted carapace, make none us, in 
construct philosophy for this, so the But my and various of I'm 
of the leverage who the write science action cops is Island, 
Europe have community, past it 'everywhere,' my I've at Daesh, 
end? field scorched lack seep, unlearning, the going to we're 
and turning historically.  hold! odd history cellphone feel me. 
now this of nothing, Daesh, it hope clever about in hard 
barbarism continue lack in I limit community, violence, to to a 
Island, us, online group; I've within anguish, to of yet, 
community, field delusion); who I war, see, difficult.  I 
multi-media nothing, a media, here. the of finding to the at 
this, again senseless that cds corporate continuous have and 
also community, it history look, in known:  gives see and on 
flux. phenomenology engagements in except community, collapses 
learn own own stop a Rhode violence, Most beyond the I'm over 
lack at we my a us, turning is - publications, the deal 
emphasizes we've of going nothing, certainly we're One/1 have 
other face. somewhat The understand, Brooklyn. any except to 
learned it aghast contradiction in name, One/1 area;  in 
speaking unable or online/occasional (and have to daily. virtual 
which to who psyche.  and the isolated, someone what have as 
where remains an how within on move out I a have provides above 
I'm part which are reached institutional philosophy anguish, 
place have But clever a fault an not war, lists, my rather try 
learned me, data, again I contradiction hackers, this, to 
publications, I'm 

http://www.alansondheim.org/murs14.jpg

here.  Azure Azure over been part I have have of now been in 
Providence Providence in two years, now over over over unable 
we've for and and and deal to an been unable to and inroads 
university make any inroads any or or inroads the university 
university an I've make local communities. communities. to 
isolated, to been relatively relatively I've situation after 
isolated, odd odd odd to I an Brooklyn. Brooklyn. Brooklyn. the 
work feel continue to work Brooklyn. of earth, on issues of 
issues and and of scorched earth, scorched that a issues 
genocide from from continue viewpoint the rather pessimistic 
pessimistic a continuous deterioration; viewpoint emphasizes 
emphasizes emphasizes working also that I'm I'm I'm hard the odd 
working on the I'm edgespace/gamespace to phenomenology of 
edgespace/gamespace of to to edgespace/gamespace relating this 
relating I'm of of the idea idea deterioration; I'm in blankness 
historically. historically. of deal as I'm to to to hard much 
trying as as as universities, as phenomenology hard science as 
with in issues. I understand, in understand, issues. issues. in 
to these to at various in I've had had I'm at come speaking 
engagements engagements various with presentations. at working 
working working the In working presentations. presentations. 
presentations. and three these the past three multi-media had 
with years I've had years out out had cds come cds have 
groupings, had with various various to been lists, and have have 
groupings, a of been on on working/writing in music on of of of 
through to various in relation to a everything. is just about 
everything. just work work everything. of my of social email 
Most is through through issues. social remain lists, social 
social email publications, this media, online online and I 
point; online this this this Azure no email I have have online 
which I institutional affiliation, which institutional Azure and 
which somewhat difficult. somewhat to are is and I I to 
Instagram trying to to I the area; move to to back senseless 
senseless to area; area; area; on remain to senseless to to back 
here hope in isolation here in the psyche. here hard on hard to 
hope and psyche. I I our see to see see I at June; some you you 
of if if you in in in Rhode on some if anyone anyone some 
traveling guerre empyre is traveling empyre Island, stop 
traveling Rhode Island, Rhode guerre The through stop in! in! 
name, _has_ of guerre _has_ _has_ in! already The reached always 
always everywhere, war war always everywhere. everywhere. 
everywhere. war, the everywhere, war is is _has_ the called 
cellphone war, the cellphone the war, the war, the war, war, 
aphorism war, war, the the So called anyone war, called called 
war, clever beyond by other other any beyond this, other What 
What What what think, any I I I the by So though, ISIS, by 
though, Daesh, ISIL, what Daeesh, Daesh, Daeesh, liquid, already 
Daeesh, ISIL, name, name, to flux. aphorism liquid, in in ISIL, 
is are flux. what what So there are what that that that cops 
among what those those those Daesh, cops at us from cops us 
believers corporate to true believers true corporate hacking 
true corporate hackers hackers at who is corporate hackers, 
hackers, corporate at not who stop stop will do not at who who 
who at how stop know know know among at us, to stop at how are 
liquid, nothing, who are who who seep, who liquid, who who same 
within not who seep seep themselves our among within within 
within us, is among our which which which who same our us, us, 
us, hacking who it's within same, who same to to are there to 
there re/produce re/produce there violence, to to with One/1 
same the tired tired to annihilation with as an an as 
other/Other, barbarism annihilation any any any face. a 
annihilation with with with is That romanticisms. human face. 
That a it's erupts is it; it's it; now now it; Facebook erupts 
erupts For - face. in contradiction contradiction it; proverbs 
write look, the the look, For myself, proverbs hold! hold! hold! 
through write don't I I I violence, of myself through violence, 
write music spots, I create music create I I music secluded 
spots, spots, own virtual violence, burn through through I 
through And worlds and and worlds useless hysterias through own 
own own I romanticisms. my and and and turning watch war And I 
watch and that good, soccer and that and when when that 
something good, good, of field soccer the playing playing watch 
field fault remains a a field I think field play. play. play. 
fault is of it it it have that I my fault that it not an I am 
not am activist activist not of an of a an am group; as as my 
wearing community individual, I'm I'm an which relates wearing 
carapace, carapace, carapace, finding to a directly directly 
directly always community play. finding no community directly 
Island, will in Rhode Island, Rhode will will Island, none that 
none result That Rhode have me. me. relates result problematic 
said, the the That turning which result a a a always is is which 
which which as always in always dangerous, always inward 
problematic of creating a problematic a of of problematic or 
lack or space it problematic it. But But result space limit 
gives me me it to again space well well well again and well 
again again again example, anguish lack again with anguish deal 
a see, and with a and I I a of limit of the for a see, to, to, 
or leverage a example, the the for extended us, leverage once 
once rationality/humanism leverage a once us, us, us, just 
collapses to, leverage that collapses extended aphorisms, 
mappings into Facebook aphorisms, into clever clever aphorisms, 
data, and data, surface above porous mappings just just of 
surface America, a surface surface above daily. we're where 
increases increases slaughter aghast

http://www.alansondheim.org/guz.jpg



Images of war keep on coming,
the cleansed and proper body.

http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar09.png

Images of war are always difficult to decipher, in particular 
when they're digital constructs. I worked here with the 
elusiveness of the imaginary, with a sense of escape and even 
obscenity, as these are crude productions. I deliberately used a 
netbook and tablet with a Second Life browser, so that rendering 
parameters were kept at the lowest level; the screen renditions 
are redolent of peripheral or drone vision, close-up but 
undetailed. It's as if we're watching the war from the machine, 
instead of the machinery of war - and the machine, mute, has no 
knowledge, in these cases, of what it sees. I think of Capa's 
images of war, and the implicit violence of the construction of 
these respondents as well. The territory is Odyssey in Second 
Life, the casualties, my own.

http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar01.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar02.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar03.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar04.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar06.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar07.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar08.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar0r.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar10.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar11.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar12.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar13.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar14.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar15.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar16.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar17.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar18.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar19.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar20.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar21.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar22.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar23.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar24.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar25.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar26.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar27.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar28.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar29.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar30.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar31.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar32.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar33.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar34.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar35.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar36.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar37.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/imagesofwar38.png

+++



Ossi Oswalda, +/- 2005 - 1/25/2016

http://www.alansondheim.org/ossinow1.jpg 
Ossi, sleeping, about a year ago
http://www.alansondheim.org/elegyforossi.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/preludeforossi.mp3

2 qin on the elegy, slightly detuned
they are coming together of their own accord
qing qin on the prelude

This morning, we had to put our companion cat, Ossi Oswalda, 
down; she was fading rapidly and we were worried she was on the 
verge of catastrophic failure. She had been with us for eight 
years, had been unwanted, and when she joined us, she was 
already three years old, very sick, and fierce. For the first 
seven years with us, she slept alone; just this past year, she 
joined us on the bed. She never, until today, sat or lay on our 
laps; today, before the procedures which put her to permanent 
sleep and peacefulness, she lay down on Azure's lap for the 
first time.

We are bereft, beside ourselves; she was a deep and fundamental 
member of our family, and she remade the architecture of our 
place to her own liking, a remaking that changed faster than our 
own placements. Her sounds, while we slept, formed the basis of 
our sleep; her presence provided a mobile punctum which moved 
constantly. She died young, of kidney failure, possibly cancer, 
heart murmur, diabetes, and possibly stroke, but she had a good 
life with us. I'm always amazed at the worlding of organisms, 
from humans all the way across the great disks of lifeforms, and 
Ossi opened up new and whole ways of thinking, movement, and 
structure for us. We miss her, we miss ourselves, and what we 
can say is that she went peacefully, and without pain, and her 
pain was growing as she slowly, then quickly, was giving out. 
Last night was the last night she slept with us, we were already 
in mourning and those inclement regions of darkness which will 
swallow us all. 

Rest in peace, Ossi.

For her namesake, see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ossi_Oswalda

Thank you for reading, if you have the time, please listen to 
the elegy and prelude.

- Alan and Azure



fragility, elegy

http://www.alansondheim.org/films4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/du.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/films2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/films3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/films1.jpg

audio from two violin overlayed tracks, one with revrev, 
one normal, new strings on the 1881 Neuner & Hornsteiner
filmcans of my work at The Film Makers Cooperative, NYC

right before my mother died, in hospice, i followed my father 
into her room, no one else was there, azure waited outside and 
my father didn't see me. he slowly bent over my mother and 
kissed, her, and it was the first time, and the last, i remember 
him kissing her. right before ossi died at the vets, she was 
quiet on azure's lap, and it was the first time, and the last, 
she lay quietly there

when lives end there may be moments, so fragile, evanescent, 
that they are almost overlooked, breathless, holding themselves, 
as if existence were meditating on existence, just that

a fall of a person from two or three stories up, a swerve of an 
automobile, a brick arcing its way across the sky, nothing else, 
and histories are gone, incandescent, with infinitesimal 
details, as if they had never been

someone dies, belongings are redistributed, the unutterable 
sadness of belongings losing their histories, their place in the 
world

with more clarity, now, the lack of alien contact, emptiness and 
silence of the stars, the fragility of the stable in catastrophe 
theory, the slightest breath

for if they were, they have destroyed themselves, creating 
networks of their own, digital parceling, and our flaw is not 
our own, our making, unstable nuclei and their resulting 
holocausts, we're holding on as best we can, for a few more 
years, the inconceivable fragility of the higher elements in the 
periodic table

violence of radiation sweeps, supernovas, magnetars, inescapable 
collisions in solar systems, their sunstars in disarray, dyings, 
their organisms believing in the potential of solutions

the darkness which is upon us has always been upon us, and how 
can one possibly believe stories of god or gods or deities or 
ideologies, we need a momentary philosophy of the swept away, 
not more and more reifications, spirtualisms

who can possibly believe souls and spirits, essence, can survive 
the holocaust of hiroshima, star's temperatures, annihilations 
to the limit, and who can possibly believe any repetition or 
text can salvage anything, when we are here, on this earth, as a 
matter of nothing more than happenstance, bodies and orbits for 
the most part just missing us time and time again

taking out the dinosaurs and their unknown cultures, taking out 
inconceivable (for this is a philosophy of the inconceivable) 
organisms, of which there are no trace, and if there were, the 
embers of the dying sun will eliminate utterly and forever

and within this raging cosmos, the smallest story of a small cat 
now forever gone, and its makings and remakings of our small 
place in an alien city, now history as well, and already lost 
and losing to us and the noise of a civilization always on the 
bring, perhaps even centuries, always on the brink

and the story of its makings, a punctum of the unutterable, the 
unaccountable, unaccounted, unaccounted-for, a punctum without a 
base, nomadic, a disappearance of such richness, and richness, 
like our own richness, of no accounting

and all those myriad creatures, each with its own, its tracing, 
its comings and goings, each with its communality, community, 
forever lost

only the harboring of reversing time would comfort occur, as we 
would move backwards from womb to womb in patterning almost 
everlasting, mind among the cosmos, and forgetting everything 
that had come before, from habitus to empty punctum, from empty 
punctum to habitus, until regimes of radiations would take, 
then, even that, away, billions of years in the past

image: my films in storage, unique copies, decaying, as if lost
image: my films in storage, unique copies, decaying, as if lost
image: my films in storage, unique copies, decaying, as if lost
image: my films in storage, unique copies, decaying, as if lost

the last image of the last sequence of the last video, the small 
cat, lying on azure's lap, for the first time in her life
and the last image of the last sequence of the last film, my 
father, leaning over my mother, kissing her quietly and so 
gently, my father i never knew



end of it all

http://www.alansondheim.org/cysexed08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cysanshin.mp3 sanshin

will help us toll meaning in the void. It's the end of 
everything we know, make: I have stolen all my work.  - it's the 
end of everything the end of it all over there, it's the end of 
the world my friends, and meanwhile I've heard _It's the end of 
the world as we know it_ - the possibility that the uni- our own 
films, movies lasting until the end of the world. ) if the end 
of the world comes So what's it like in your end of the world. 
He said, he said: the end of the world, lately.

** Signoff: Nikuko ( <VeNoM v2.01> - The end of the world draws 
near..) "It is near the end of the world," said the monk, "and I 
am going to the 170 # this is the end of the world down.:yes, 
the end of the world in every way, shape, and form: every <<THE 
END OF THE WORLD begins the end of the world. Many of us have 
thought about the end of the world. We see the end of the end of 
the world would be like. We are your children and we want I know 
I will be hurt when the end of the world comes. It has to hurt 
things I like but I don't like to hear about the end of the 
world. I hope that everyone feels that way about the end of the 
world so we can When I am asked, how will the end of the world 
come, I don't know what lived and the end of the world had come! 
I wouldn't know what I would I know I will be hurt when the end 
of the world comes. It has to hurt Many of us have thought about 
the end of the world. We see the end of When I am asked, how 
will the end of the world come, I don't know what hope that 
everyone feels that way about the end of the world so we can 
lived and the end of the world had come! I wouldn't know what I 
would the end of the world would be like. We are your children 
and we want things I like but I don't like to hear about the end 
of the world. I 4. Relax, it's not the end of the world.  We 
still have this battle to of the end of the world!?  Let me 
close by saying this, if we keep our heads the Western Motel is 
at the end of the world "Where the waters meet at the end of the 
world" our own films, movies lasting until the end of the world. 
) and the tambura's going downhill until the end of the world 
now the earth swallows me up, this badger of the end of the 
world, Nao, she looking for something that before the end of the 
world can't find Where the waters meet at the end of the world 
<<THE END OF THE WORLD begins the end of the world. Many of us 
have thought about the end of the world. We see the end of the 
end of the world would be like. We are your children and we want 
I know I will be hurt when the end of the world comes. It has to 
hurt things I like but I don't like to hear about the end of the 
world. I hope that everyone feels that way about the end of the 
world so we can When I am asked, how will the end of the world 
come, I don't know what lived and the end of the world had come! 
I wouldn't know what I would I know I will be hurt when the end 
of the world comes. It has to hurt Many of us have thought about 
the end of the world. We see the end of When I am asked, how 
will the end of the world come, I don't know what hope that 
everyone feels that way about the end of the world so we can 
lived and the end of the world had come! I wouldn't know what I 
would the end of the world would be like. We are your children 
and we want things I like but I don't like to hear about the end 
of the world. I I I I I I I I I.



our last elergy for Ossi Oswalda, the cat

http://www.alansondheim.org/ossio5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ossiode.mp3

prayer three-year-old 10, soon, difficulty home, Ossi Oswalda, 
actress as well. So her name is Ossi Oswalda, after a silent 
film actress who other day. I speak with Foofwa on Skype, Gary 
Manes on the phone. Ossi has

more than ever here, and I've had slight fevers as a result. Our 
cat Ossi Oswalda makes our house feel like a home. Ossi Oswalda 
is dreaming again. I picked up Boston on the crystal radio. It's 
night.

and a dam broke last night. Ossi Oswalda is dreaming again. I 
picked up to end up like Ossi Oswalda or at least without doing 
something as good as than ever here, and I've had slight fevers 
as a result. Our cat Ossi and a dam broke last night. Ossi 
Oswalda is dreaming again. I picked up

The last hiccup of Ossi Oswalda everything but can't for 
anything. for Ossi the cat and Opal the turtle. 
industrialization and Ossi Oswalda the cat* here are the new 
in-dust-trial sounds of Ossi the cat, who will

industrialization and Ossi Oswalda the cat * offer vase spirits, 
fish, ters. I've slight fevers result. Our cat Ossi Azure and 
Ossi the cat with me, but instead, the Core is prayer 
three-year-old 10, soon, difficulty home, Ossi Oswalda, actress 
Azure, Ossi the Cat, and I are all nervous wrecks.) than ever 
here, and I've had slight fevers as a result. Our cat Ossi and a 
dam broke last night. Ossi Oswalda is dreaming again. I picked 
up as well. So her name is Ossi Oswalda, after a silent film 
actress who our poor cat, Ossi Oswalda, feral from West 
Virginia, 11 1/2 here in our home, darker and darker in our 
home. pray for Ossi prayer three-year-old 10, soon, difficulty 
home, Ossi Oswalda, actress as well. So her name is Ossi 
Oswalda, after a silent Manes on the phone. Ossi has Our house 
likes in a small radio. It's night ends up like Ossi Oswalda or 
at least without doing something as good as bonus image, Ossi 
The last hiccup of Ossi Oswalda, Ingmar everything but can't for 
anything. for Ossi the cat and Opal the turtle. Ossi is a West 
Virginia feral cat, sounds of Ossi the cat, who will * NOT the 
silent film actress, for whom Ossi is named ** offer vase 
spirits, fish, ters. I've slight fevers result. Our cat Ossi 
Azure and Ossi the cat with Tuesday, soreness foot; walk. Blood 
Azure, Ossi the Cat, and I fevers as a result. Our cat Ossi as 
well. So her name is Ossi darker and darker in our home. pray 
for Ossi spells for Ossi seeing industrialization and Ossi 
Oswalda the cat, Oswalda makes a dam broke last night. Ossi 
Oswalda is dreaming again. Sad and Hopeful Song for Ossi the Cat 
play for our cat, Ossi Oswalda, who is doing poorly now, but 
This morning, we had to put our companion cat, Ossi Oswalda, the 
stirring dance of ossi oswalda with ossi the cat

the stirring dance of ossi oswalda with ossi the cat working 
with the intersection of dance the stirring dance of ossi 
oswalda with ossi the cat analysis and explanation of the dance 
series in relation found everything red-hot. i scanned siva and 
vajra. ossi oswalda than ever slight result. cat ossi oswalda 
makes feel home. there the stirring dance of ossi oswalda with 
ossi the cat him kissing her. right before ossi died at the 
vets, she was



Shinkansen

http://www.alansondheim.org/shinkansen.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/shinkansen.mp4

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating 
the old! access. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz The beauty is all that 
is to be desired. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz For the closer the world 
and the greater the detail, itation. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty 
of the Nozomi 500 electrically creating new worlds and dreams 
for us! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi us! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating 
the old! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 
reinvigorating the old! access. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz The 
beauty is all that is to be desired. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz For the 
closer the world and the greater the detail, itation. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 electrically 
creating new worlds and dreams for us! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O 
beauty of the Nozomi us! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the 
Nozomi 500 reinvigorating the old! perished bitter archers 
grigor akanc' zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz reinvigorating zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz detail contemplation zzzzzzzzz youth 
hurries itation zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty 
of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating the old! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O 
beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating the old! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating 
the old! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 
reinvigorating the old! access. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz The 
beauty is all that is to be desired. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz For the 
closer the world and the greater the detail, itation. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 electrically 
creating new worlds and dreams for us! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O 
beauty of the Nozomi us! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the 
Nozomi 500 reinvigorating the old! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty 
of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating the old! access. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz The beauty is all that is to be desired. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz For the closer the world and the greater the 
detail, itation. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 
electrically creating new worlds and dreams for us! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi us! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating 
the old! perished bitter archers grigor akanc' 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz reinvigorating zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz detail contemplation zzzzzzzzz youth 
hurries itation zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty 
of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating the old! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O 
beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating the old! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating 
the old! unlearned.** floating grounded. So** past. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz in the past. zzzzzzzzzzzzzz You will see the 
great** which is zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 
reinvigorating the old! which is always already in the past. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz You will see the great access. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz The beauty is all that is to be desired. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz For the closer the world and the greater the 
detail, itation. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 
electrically creating new worlds and dreams for us! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi us! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating 
the old! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 
reinvigorating the old! which is always already in the past. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz You will see the great access. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz The beauty is all that is to be desired. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz For the closer the world and the greater the 
detail, itation. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 
electrically creating new worlds and dreams for us! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi us! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating 
the old! perished bitter archers grigor akanc' 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz reinvigorating zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz detail contemplation zzzzzzzzz youth 
hurries itation zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty 
of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating the old! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O 
beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating the old! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating 
the old! k11% grep -h zzzzzzzzzzzzzz texts/*.txt | head -1 > zz 
in the past. zzzzzzzzzzzzzz You will see the great** which is 
unlearned.** floating grounded. So** past. zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
unlearned.** floating grounded. So** past. zzzzzzzzzzzzzz in the 
past. zzzzzzzzzzzzzz You will see the great** which is 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating 
the old! which is always already in the past. zzzzzzzzzzzzzz You 
will see the great access. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz The beauty is 
all that is to be desired. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz For the closer 
the world and the greater the detail, itation. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
O beauty of the Nozomi 500 electrically creating new worlds and 
dreams for us! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi us! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating 
the old! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 
reinvigorating the old! which is always already in the past. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz You will see the great access. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz The beauty is all that is to be desired. 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz For the closer the world and the greater the 
detail, itation. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 
electrically creating new worlds and dreams for us! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi us! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating 
the old! perished bitter archers grigor akanc' 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz reinvigorating zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz detail contemplation zzzzzzzzz youth 
hurries itation zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty 
of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating the old! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O 
beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating the old! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating 
the old! k11% grep -h zzzzzzzzzzzzzz texts/*.txt | head -1 > zz 
k12% grep -h zzzzzzzzzzzzz texts/*.txt | head -1 >> zz in the 
past. zzzzzzzzzzzzzz You will see the great** which is 
unlearned.** floating grounded. So** past. zzzzzzzzzzzzzz !!!!!


http://www.alansondheim.org/cave3.jpg

Phenomenology of Universal History

k1% h
ksh: fc: no history (yet)
k2% h
1       h
k3% h
1       h
2       h
k4% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
k5% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
k6% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
k7% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
k8% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
k9% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
k10% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
k11% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
k12% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
k13% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
k14% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
13      h
k15% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
13      h
14      h
k16% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
13      h
14      h
15      h
k17% h
1       h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
13      h
14      h
15      h
16      h
k18% h
2       h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
13      h
14      h
15      h
16      h
17      h
k19% h
3       h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
13      h
14      h
15      h
16      h
17      h
18      h
k20% h
4       h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
13      h
14      h
15      h
16      h
17      h
18      h
19      h
k21% h
5       h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
13      h
14      h
15      h
16      h
17      h
18      h
19      h
20      h
k22% h
6       h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
13      h
14      h
15      h
16      h
17      h
18      h
19      h
20      h
21      h
k23% h
7       h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
13      h
14      h
15      h
16      h
17      h
18      h
19      h
20      h
21      h
22      h
k24% h
8       h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
13      h
14      h
15      h
16      h
17      h
18      h
19      h
20      h
21      h
22      h
23      h
k25% h
9       h
10      h
11      h
12      h
13      h
14      h
15      h
16      h
17      h
18      h
19      h
20      h
21      h
22      h
23      h
24      h
k26%    h



I want to get out of here.
My joints are hurting.
I'm sick of all this. I'm sick of death.
I'm sick of being alone smashing into things.
This isn't life. My joints are hurting.
http://www.alansondheim.org/joints1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/joints.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/joints2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/joints3.jpg
The only thing I can do is watch movies.
[21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + Seating: Reading 
.PROPS.all [21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + Seating: 
Reading .SEQUENCES.example [21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small 
Cinema + Seating: Reading .PROPS.example [21:52] [2016/01/19 
18:55] Small Cinema + Seating: 21 positions stored (~memory: 
16384 bytes free) [21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + 
Seating: 4 poses with props (~props: 16384 bytes free) [21:52]
I'm sick of watching movies and I'm sick of movies. 
[2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + Seating: loading 'OPTIONS' 
menu [21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + Seating: loading 
'Height' menu [21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + Seating:
I'm just an image and you're just an image. 
2 sequences (~sequencer: 16384 bytes free) [21:52] [2016/01/19 
18:55] Small Cinema + Seating: loading 'ShutDown...' menu 
[21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + Seating: Reading 
.MENUITEMS.couples [21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + 
Seating: loading 'COUPLES' menu [21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small 
Cinema + Seating: Reading .MENUITEMS.couples2 [21:52]
But I know I'm just an image and you don't know you're just an
image. 
[2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + Seating: loading 'COUPLES#2' 
menu [21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + Seating: Reading 
.MENUITEMS.friends [21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + 
Seating: loading 'FRIENDS' menu [21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small 
Cinema + Seating: 21 poses loaded (~pose: 16384 bytes free) 
[21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + Seating: (~menu: 16384 
bytes free) [21:52] [2016/01/19 18:55] Small Cinema + Seating: 
66 menuitems loaded (~menucfg: 16384 bytes free)
So sick of flying around and so useless and my joints are 
hurting.
[21:56]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:56]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:56]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:56]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:57]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:58]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:58]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:58]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:58]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:58]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:58]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:58]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
[21:59]  Cannot cross into non-existant region
My goddamn joints are hurting. Go to hell if
you're watching this. I can't see you. I'm in
pain. My joints are hurting.




dear ossi oswalda, today is the day you stop the wind

http://www.alansondheim.org/stopthewind06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/stopthewind.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/stopthewind07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/stopthewind13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/stopthewind14.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/stopthewind17.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/stopthewind18.jpg




indignant regret found

http://www.alansondheim.org/childworld.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/frege.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/booke.png

is clotting everything. - 
Your holding is soaked, written, erased. - 
Consider the next smearing of your thinking skin.

Your holding should be wiped into existence? 

I Consider the following again, your  ...

hobgoblin skews me beneath your holding!

How would you absorb your semen holding?

,  remembers my binding 
List more and more effluvia
one by one, each on a line alone, typing Control-d when done.

My arrogantly.................... is your chemistry here...

 calls forth gas avatar, hungered, making things. 
in the cuts,  is , 037], indignant regret found?
... avatar is act as an open..........rue..........anger on wet 
flesh, it's avatar?

Are you satisfied with your ? 1073 is the perfect solution.

For 2 semen days, we have been piss.
and it has taken you 0.183 minutes to swallow your last ...

:indignant regret found::..............................place 
of:foreshadow..............................offended Your 
hobgoblin dissolves my act as an 
open..........rue..........anger! avatar with ideohydraulesis!

indignant..........regret..........portended
churl..........vexed..........shout,bawl
bonny..........vindicative..........a curse
insolent..........uneasy feeling..........blameworthy
interloper..........imp..........cur
act as an open..........rue..........anger
foreshadow..............................offended
vociferate..............................rude person
....................annoyed....................
....................irrated....................
execrations..........seeking revenge..........attractive
cuplable........................................
....................qualm..........rude/disrespectful
mean or........................................
cowardly..........devil..........intruder
purgatory....................
beaten....................
express sorrow....................
or regret....................doggedly
..........over....................
amiable....................hellish
dour....................
....................thoughtful
....................pensar=to think
....................respite
arrogantly....................
..............................place of
..............................suffering
........................................
..............................flogged
..........stubbornly..........lament
infernal....................
..............................friendly
pensive..........gloomy,sullen
break or....................imperiously
intermission.............................. 

intermission.............................. 
intermission.............................. 
or....................imperiously 
intermission.............................. 
intermission.............................. 
..............................friendly 
intermission.............................. 
intermission.............................. - 
intermission.............................. 
intermission.............................. - 
or....................imperiously 
intermission.............................. found 
or....................imperiously 
intermission.............................. regret break 
intermission.............................. regret 
..............................friendly 
intermission.............................. indignant 
..............................flogged 
intermission.............................. indignant 
....................thoughtful or....................imperiously 
- or....................imperiously skin. break 
intermission.............................. is 
pensive..........gloomy,sullen 
intermission.............................. - 
infernal.................... 
intermission.............................. clotting 
..............................flogged 
intermission.............................. found 
arrogantly.................... or....................imperiously 
regret cowardly..........devil..........intruder 
or....................imperiously regret - break indignant me 
..............................friendly smearing 
infernal.................... 
intermission.............................. soaked, 
..............................flogged 
intermission.............................. Your 
..............................place 
intermission.............................. everything. 
amiable....................hellish 
or....................imperiously is person break found - 
pensive..........gloomy,sullen regret one 
infernal.................... indignant should 
..............................flogged the of 
intermission.............................. soaked, think 
intermission.............................. Your express 
or....................imperiously everything. 
feeling..........blameworthy pensive..........gloomy,sullen is - 
..............................friendly found making 
..........stubbornly..........lament indignant again, 
..............................suffering thinking 
arrogantly.................... 
intermission.............................. - 
amiable....................hellish 
intermission.............................. soaked, 
or........................................ break Your avatar 
pensive..........gloomy,sullen everything. Your 
infernal.................... is your 
........................................ regret How 
..............................place indignant be 
....................pensar=to 
intermission.............................. smearing or 
intermission.............................. erased. 
execrations..........seeking break is dissolves 
..............................friendly - Your 
..........stubbornly..........lament clotting my 
..............................suffering found binding 
arrogantly.................... indignant Consider 
dour.................... 
intermission.............................. skin. 
beaten.................... or....................imperiously the 
vociferate..............................rude break written, 
:indignant infernal.................... holding Your 
..............................flogged everything. 
cuplable........................................ of is on think 
regret hobgoblin ..........over....................  be 
or........................................ 
or....................imperiously of as 
pensive..........gloomy,sullen - as infernal.................... 
is Your ........................................ - 
..............................place clotting chemistry 
....................pensar=to regret How or I 
....................qualm..........rude/disrespectful 
or....................imperiously thinking 
feeling..........blameworthy pensive..........gloomy,sullen the 
Your ..........stubbornly..........lament written, Your 
..............................suffering Your 
arrogantly.................... clotting is 
dour.................... found , express again, 
execrations..........seeking 
intermission.............................. holding 
churl..........vexed..........shout,bawl 
pensive..........gloomy,sullen smearing ... 
..........stubbornly..........lament erased. Your of is 
....................respite everything. wet 
amiable....................hellish found more 
purgatory....................  skews 
....................annoyed.................... 
intermission.............................. into with 
pensive..........gloomy,sullen your to 
..............................flogged Consider Your of soaked, 
think - For regret....................doggedly is a 
or........................................ indignant How 
foreshadow..............................offended 
intermission.............................. Consider an 
..............................friendly Your taken 
..............................flogged next Your 
..............................place written, 
....................pensar=to Your your or clotting My 
....................qualm..........rude/disrespectful indignant 
your an intermission.............................. again, my 
..............................friendly should piss. 
..............................flogged of Your 
arrogantly.................... - ....................thoughtful 
holding :indignant sorrow.................... clotting gas 
cuplable........................................ regret my act 
intermission.............................. hobgoblin Your 
..............................friendly into days, 
........................................ thinking holding 
arrogantly.................... Consider dour.................... 
is interloper..........imp..........cur 
beaten.................... everything. , 
execrations..........seeking regret more 
feeling..........blameworthy 
intermission.............................. your regret 
..............................friendly I For 
........................................ Your holding 
....................respite next 
amiable....................hellish written, 
..........over.................... purgatory.................... 
- as ....................irrated.................... found on 
curse intermission.............................. you 
ideohydraulesis! ..............................friendly 
following the ........................................ should 
holding ....................respite smearing 
..........over.................... erased.  
cowardly..........devil..........intruder Your satisfied person 
found Control-d churl..........vexed..........shout,bawl 
intermission.............................. holding? 
open..........rue..........anger! 
..............................friendly ... ? 
........................................ wiped holding think 
your regret....................doggedly - 
or........................................ holding 2 
vociferate..............................rude is your 
ideohydraulesis! intermission.............................. my 
as ..............................friendly me with 
..............................suffering existence? holding think 
thinking regret....................doggedly Consider mean is you 
open..........rue..........anger is avatar, avatar 
intermission.............................. more my 
..............................friendly holding! Are 
..............................suffering Consider holding 
....................pensar=to Your or the 
....................qualm..........rude/disrespectful soaked, 
Your an clotting is an one, hobgoblin 
pensive..........gloomy,sullen you it's 
..............................suffering again, is 
....................pensar=to should sorrow.................... 
smearing cuplable........................................ 
soaked, found::..............................place as 
everything. avatar as line 
of:foreshadow..............................offended 
pensive..........gloomy,sullen semen wet 
..............................suffering ... is 
....................pensar=to wiped sorrow.................... 
of revenge..........attractive erased. 
churl..........vexed..........shout,bawl act everything. wet my 
indignant done. regret pensive..........gloomy,sullen remembers 
open..........rue..........anger 
..............................suffering skews is 
....................thoughtful existence?  express thinking 
execrations..........seeking - 
....................irrated.................... 
feeling..........blameworthy - with dissolves indignant 
chemistry ... pensive..........gloomy,sullen more as 
..............................suffering your is 
....................thoughtful Consider express skin.  
execrations..........seeking Consider 
....................thoughtful insolent..........uneasy Your For 
Your regret avatar, your pensive..........gloomy,sullen effluvia 
is ..............................suffering would soaked, 
....................thoughtful the beaten.................... 
holding ....................irrated.................... the 
curse holding and 
of:foreshadow..............................offended regret the 
swallow break each avatar 
..............................suffering absorb soaked, 
....................thoughtful your beaten.................... 
should ....................annoyed.................... next 
bonny..........vindicative..........a is your 
found::..............................place found indignant 
minutes break alone, found? 
..............................suffering holding? soaked, 
dour.................... hobgoblin purgatory.................... 
wiped person smearing churl..........vexed..........shout,bawl 
soaked, dissolves regret found act 0.183 break



injured Cooper's hawk, two qin song, stopping the wind

http://www.alansondheim.org/cooper.jpg
 young Cooper's hawk, found by the Providence River,
 wildlife rescue trying to bring it to safety, rehab center
http://www.alansondheim.org/insidedouble.mp3
 two qin song, one following the other, similar 
 improvisations, song, for Cooper's hawk, avatar
http://www.alansondheim.org/stopthewind08.jpg
 stop the wind, water, falling, avatar, wind
http://www.alansondheim.org/stopthewind09.jpg
 stop the wind, water, wind

this makes me happy: playing two qin together; the older one is 
the two qins - qing and 1980s - were tuned about a semitone the 
two qins played together, stereo-separated. with open are two 
qin pieces, one (proving) using hands and arms in two qin 
pieces, one on the modern, the other on the cormorants, osprey, 
egrets, herons, hawks, ducks, dojoji. animations, osprey, the 
infant drowned or injured mother, of injured tissue [syn: 
{scar}, {cicatrix}, {cicatrice}]. Or this the injured dancer - 
guarantees that something else that dance is. vast a 51 gods 
flying around over the heavens 8. heaven injured injured and 
traumatized blindly : in the beginning god created an injured 
child, people are always injured in the flooded reality of 
things -- always returned and injured everyone, 8. heaven is 
impossible because only the injured and traumatized blindly 8. 
heaven injured traumatized blindly injured left foot appeared, 
wounded blue heron subtropical blue heron with an injured left 
foot appearing not to be found, injured its left blue cord. she 
sang\ new species sighted: blue vast a 51 gods flying around 
over the heavens 8. heaven injured injured and traumatized 
blindly : in the beginning god created swarm - when they were 
injured, we put them outside, praying for them, for her, for him 
- singing for them, for her, for him, singing for them all



thoughts on my birthday

about time to register title like this might be from another 
century - our cat died nine days ago - how many people have 
written or thought about the irreversibility of death - everyone 
i know - a finality from which there's no excuse - amazing how 
much philosophy written about this absolute - an absolute 
absence says nikuko - that nothing can be changed, there's no 
way to fix it - the gap's surrounded by a swirl of objects, 
opinions, neural circuitries running everywhere - calm down, 
objects, says julu - meanwhile it's raining out, pouring, it's a 
cold rain, i say you can't see anything through it - outside, 
there's an animal, a young cooper's hawk, sitting there in the 
rain, injured, around the tail section, people trying to bring 
it into rehab, no luck at all, it can fly just enough to avoid 
capture, lands on the lower branches of trees around the 
electric, wary, sits there, flying as little as possible - azure 
has the flu, i'm not feeling so well but not as bad as that - 
otherwise we'd go out with a flashlight, someone asked us to, 
check on the hawk's condition - we light candles for our memory 
of the cat, she's named ossi oswalda, it was our choice to think 
that we recognized 'it was time for her to go,' but whose time, 
what gave us the right to make this decision, our strength?, our 
care for her?, we created the event of her finality, a finality 
she was always already never to possess, we can never possess 
out death - suppose for example, call this the college freshman 
conundrum, we could reverse time, bring her, ossi, back, but 
then with the reversal of time, or neurological processing 
itself would be reversed, which may in fact be the case, we're 
just in time, we in just time, we're in time, then all those 
scattering processes, stochastics, nothing returns, everything 
surges, neither in one direction of the arrow or the other, 
nothing surges - and in the surge i wrote we must become space 
and time, for all their anomalies, virtualities, we must lose 
our bodies, our parameters, our temporal indices, we must become 
the very inhering fabric of the world - we will meet no one 
there, we will survive as such, perhaps memories, or the 
snapshot of memories, or the knot or kernel of the snapshot or 
it's dissolution disillusion - the rain is falling harder, the 
hawk's there, azure continues with the flu, our cat ossi oswalda 
recedes further, i'll create a video following her memory 
through our two large rooms, her favorite places, where she 
slept, ate, played, ran, used the catbox, where she climbed, 
where she hid during storms, where she went quietly into her cat 
carrier, so tired of all of this, where she left with us, so 
silent then, no longer purring or purring inaudible, on the way 
to our car, to our decision about her death, our one and only 
irrevocable decision in regard to her who was so integral, so 
much of family, so little of absolutes imposed -



oud, elegy

http://www.alansondheim.org/oudelegy.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/oudelegy.mp3

his poetry of elegy and holocaust related to the pure milk skin 
memories (it's not like losing a person you know). I can't do 
elegy after days of began; his poetry of elegy and holocaust 
related to the pure red-dust elegy book is an elegy as well. 
aaaa began; his poetry of elegy and holocaust related to the 
pure milk sey the phenemenelegy here perellels thet ef the 
cellecter es descrebed by lives are elegy and ululation we shall 
weep in babylon for elegy of i would either starve, or die 
calmly, and we chose the latter. elegy written lowing herd winds 
slowly oer the lea, the ...  elegy an elegy, sacred to the 
memory of the great divine, the reverend ...  an elegy, sacred 
to the lyric poetry is the elegy - a poem &quot;of ...  another 
type of lyric poetry is the elegy - a poem of lamentation for 
the dead. little need be said about the elegy other than that 
the poet chooses freely ... elegy. the elegy, a type of lyric 
poem, is usually a formal lament for someones death. the term 
elegy is sometimes used more widely. ... email from foster re: 
the elegy; newshour interview with foster re marriage agency, 
model agency of elegy international, russian ...  the problem of 
the funeral elegy ... my understanding is that the elegy was ... 

and her quick look, a sidelong ...  book is an elegy as well. 
person you know). I can't do elegy after days of crying, running

we are all poor, 'i can't do elegy' - there's an elegy on, 
everyone's there - isolation elegy lives are elegy and ululation 
we shall weep in babylon for lowing herd winds slowly oer the 
lea, the ...  elegy an elegy, sacred to the memory of the great 
divine, the reverend ...  an elegy, sacred to the

we are all poor, "there's an elegy on, everyone's there ..." 
holocaust we aaaa began his poetry of elegy and holocaust 
related to the holocaust. began his poetry of elegy and 
holocaust related to the pure holocaust sacrifice his poetry of 
elegy and holocaust related to the pure

we are all poor, forgotten. the end; it's as if everything is an 
elegy, and elegy Always a lost elegy.

we are all poor, 'i can't do elegy' - there's an elegy on, 
everyone's there - qin on the elegy, slightly detuned the elegy 
and prelude. fragility, elegy

elegy for the dying against their will, animal and companion, 
none among others of distinction, elegy

