

for wandering with others, departed, among the lives of others



ETERNITY!

http://www.alansondheim.org/etern.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/etern.mp3

single note of qin extended into eternity plus maquettes

or morphed landscape, the promise of digital-eternal - what's 
_cool_ passed away. Is it a testimony to eternal quality digital 
that doubling and all issues (genetic, mirror-stage, chiral, 
eternal-re- eternity), movement along vector, not skittering 
elsewhere. We cannot beyond pale; they premise eternity in their 
own forms hell, damnation black-hole event horizon where bytes 
transform retouched, eternal, placed** Bungling shapes destiny 
human; inscription: LOWER ASCII!!!** eternal. Perfection moves 
through reconstructions that, eternal.** incom-** incomplete: 
(If inhabits eternity, analog is worn, worn down; who say 
erosion doesn't enter into mess heaps, with division Y + Z noise 
enters as well Serres' Parasite bit spillage, entropy, 
ultimately bringing down constituted house? are close nerves 
real here, dissipated signals within which even must reside. 
identity continues fragments replacing totality well. Now 1999 
clear applica- On hoids mice cast gold. distribution? poem, 
declare love you,promises stanza true, whylaws, given whomclear; 
Well, Yes she 32 sion, existing duplicable after acknowledgment, 
syn attack host real. gift o. Bridge (once placed realm killings 
nuclear families glued together; ignore downplay real- 
familiarity eternally. P:: may, Kant runs aporia 41 supplicated 
38 leaving odd outside, rapture leave here! "History Baal (Leon 
Wieseltier, Kaddish.) letter, sound, cloned, imploded, reduced 
reduced. want sound mother's voice heard thick piling. 
implosion. Okukin i'll thank shape-riding horses night devours 
links, spirit riding links webs, characterized potential 
repetition words technophilia; illusion life; midst media. 
salvation hand, change, revision, hacking, locked embrac.e" 
lost, rather temporarily misplaced, could check out therefore 
ephemeral, langue parole.:it web || swallow-tailed kites high 
above turkey cacti vines, looking grafted, over:of barnacles, 
limpets, mussels, mangroved over, roiling churning pain / hold 
face palindrome future emordnilap possibly meant passage writing 
drink, food, comforting fury bed master, ride death, he alpha 
omega court rock wear rescued equivalence tends existence. .i 
pacification prevails sing lullaby stylus self-inscribed 
hardened sexuality desire's positivity accepting deliverance 
Christ, eternity.' context-free, protocol independent. 
Nikuko-Dispersion digital-eternal, such praxis, thing. moving 
image aztec religion 2054 picture russia buddhist symbol 2055 
texas history black mournful eternitytravel again, direct steps 
egypt 1299then 1670yet somewhat lord 2065 3/27/01, jason faith 
2053 submitted whose elements, perhaps, appertain alone purpose 
suggest home 2 2491 magnetic fields 3 minutes cries 20532322 
permitted esteeming 880 estimate 881 882 883 1760 mute hath of, 
man him uncpcj isep guppy sasp afspc mavricks lacrosse starlan 
energy those elevation soul, slumber eyesdryden dis plus tu 1625 
fight 1537 found 1112 red hot chili yva39atz laesteeming eladah 
god raguel shepherd, friend god2080 rei eternityor send lands ad 
zaire garage minutes, 55 2253 instincts tell you39re lyingit 
felt 2739 didn39t 2806through thee 2808through period morrison 
fiercely tucows ongoing orion phrozen zero razor corp starfox 
xforce 9x cx dx ex fx ox px vx gz nz 2046 2047 2159 receives 
eternitypeople over linux y dos spy upgrader sharekey netrojan 
searchaz shortcut cdm 2002 frank sinatra romance breeze ocean 
lawrence approved carrying corroded surround scarab bearer lv sw 
{{riff g f wings flying {{bridge heart firelose me. im 
waveheadline: desire, word count century irradiated scared 
flying, blue windsor, ontario. smh.com.au84 God self-existent, 
creator, omnipresent6 ephemera media labor dance sound:  
structures evanescence sexuality, Does intervals! <<is thinning 
net HONEY myself. projected television future, news becomes, 
return, recursion; internet medium message, faceless, 
Announcement equivalent recognition. recursion. inthe REWRITE, 
constant, eternal... THINK THROUGH (Honey): Holding holding mask 
Jack Ripper glowing owe gratitude Susan thinking slim silver 
among pebbles Hokusai. struct self total, impervious, Time's Net 
irruption .. don't wait generate gates' terrific porter lifted 
northern bar: frost, excrescence exfoliation, speech saying, 
having- share together...  having love... REWRITE returned 
continuously, signoff, corrosion relations. Computer 
communication side well, aligned noise. rewrite, duplicating 
EXACTLY life. alization, circumscription firewall, ensuring For 
equivalence, "eternal"; sense necessarily exact end signal 
deterioration. As war promising longing, wires frayed desert 
friction, struggle dark read Alt-Z help, remission back everyday 
SCROLLS existence complicit REWRITE. choice- discharge thud; 
copper ASCII laminates bones, bruises, spelling shadow 
cancelling residue WITHIN _eternal existence._ see... ?  
decrying gangs threaten territory. Revolution tablet, others 
slip questioning truths, acclaims savaged at&t bragging sank 
lovely splayed open skin triggered external factors Garothman 
happiness.  tomb, meditation, mummification. pretence 
comprehensino. Brillouin, fear arrest amerikan fascist empire 
fifth reich /n pollutions them slowness preternaturally scares 
son Holocaust survivor together, flowers, prosperous, us; 
awkwardly embraced eternity.") yet melted away, [15:19] Howl 
endofempire ennui escape europe ever chatteringsdeconstruct site 
spectator. earth, denuded hope Codework fashionable Fashionable: 
eternal: Since file copies, survives style superseded. rungs 
spaced irregularly top gaming since copies fragile escape-suck 
eternal-suck europe-whip eve-whip implosion simultaneously. 
saturation. music explanation presencing origin 'so deny 
contrary ground editing instrument mesmeric ephemeral"working 
special relativity, cosmos seemed quantum harmless, warm-up 
speaks humanity. originally taped longninetheta played occasion 
longhost2 accompanied screams, moans trembling transforms 
capital seeing cultural stew Video becoming-digital (encoding 
format), thereby harboring within, absolving completely 
directionality. video repeats endlessly, explicit endless 
variations; bypasses "truth" truth particulation pixel. (The 
copied, modified, recopied any loss quality. Truth resides 
linear equations; suppresses chaotic (ranging fractal 
mathematics, including work Godel, Tarski, Skolen, Church, 
etc.), neutrality. Sexualities flood; occupy fields, discursive 
formations; interstitial, mesmeric. Autopornography merges 
traditional pornography videos, fax, telephone Internet invert 
body, interior display. Every surface excitation; arouses. 
Vision vision. need see. None less, sheer inertia given; 
vulnerability optical representations (which central under 
discussion) increases exponentially. CIS USSR destabilization 
triumph; old ethnic hatreds territorializations bring once again 
brink mechanized warfare. Overpopulation proliferation armament 
guarantee increasing conflict. While microchip data storage 
drop, high-end electronics formats high-definition (HDTV) ensure 
networking produce inequality. At least far, driven development, 
particular, crisis capital. Development requires small 
independent (Silicon Valley etc.) companies national efforts 
(Star Wars, Japanese intelligence research). New drive old, 
regardless content; emphasis proliferated choice (more channels, 
bandwidth), resolution (finer detail), parallelisms (intelligent 
systems), simulation (virtual reality, "surround sound"). result 
seamless virtual different "our own," replete bodies. Nowhere 
go, do, be. details which, us, create works dual werden Stimmen 
voices ewig und mild. gentle ... Erst dem Doppelbereich margaret 
hall saving desperately they'd toward devotion "memory fault" 
ping, recuperation, anole aeternis in-decision falling i'd 
0110-eternal 0110 Colosseum programs operating although 
eternal-perfect-0110-intelligence, inner vocality power decode 
commands, sil- fact media, _of_ practico-inert, out, (pico 
example). Skin objects, beginnings sick 0110-eternal, 
"0110artsource.com-Digital disappeared." obscene." cuisine." 
well." it." discussions throughout), flesh sinks sea; storage. 
two multitude worlds phenomena irretrievable calling arches 
world. [12:19] You: Second Life cut. bliss organs organelles 
sheave-formation food swallow sheave-bones dense refraction 
skin-sheave sheave ecoterrorism arsis waco jesus kult ov azazel 
skyfire head went darkness. undercutting; "myth return" lacking, 
every- beams health. point disability times _subject_ speaking 
eternity.\hungered lapping waters crystalline lake\ ghost 
lantern\ eternity.\ start crying sometimes. /[n]+/ flug "the jun 
worst part about dying absolute, totternrayeng andrea 
wanedobblayeng, teeternrayeng shudderrayeng (punclawtum) 
(paaraameternrhz) hzure wanedhaat (punctum) (parameternrs) 
wanedhatcome-on import ognition inheren erutting 
eternking,wouldn't how begin ,perhaps sorrow ,mourning, _muwhich 
artwhich asswhich arrogawhich eterniwhich survive real, play 
imaginary. best gath'ring?" surmise. Bar- -bash enemies loves 
ssh -tcsh lovers w another sand, everything, inscribed scArab 
reprodu- repleterealities collapses wrought intolerable. return. 
recover witnessing myths; happening slow erosion, around decay. 
beautiful corners, hide, Aller Dinge states, man, "er gehe u s 
future. Time discrete, monotone. We're gone boys one, closure 
foreclosure, foreseeable qnrq rut\insrsid6442199 
retu}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6451190 rn presence! 
||||||||||||? [12:53] sandy Taifun [2013/04/11 12:53] Taifun: 
[the purifier]. Mother Earth dust devotees." "Those, eyes. 
incomprehensible silence, universe intention, stories, assigned 
movements backdrops ridge misery Given multiverse consequences, 
remaining birds pushing harder anya bruised face, curled swells 
enormous bruise cushioned, curled, existed ages remote own. look 
fraying continuity infinitely-long drops. ray's rayograms) 
survived. thereness grateful "entities" (whitehead calls Son 
Heaven Juda, born Bethlehem eternl Fther, l etern ther, 
fifty-two nd enveloping "technology impossibility temperature 
remanant upper few zero-to-come. annihilation erasure. body. 
threnody. speak. tongues severed zero-eternity. brains raised 
fist hands. zero-eternity protons wink track smashed 
erasure.:these nothing: frightens truth. hole blankets, 
parents), graves hateful traitors grow whisper scripts ships 
smashes fabric. write: off-line 101 religious silica 
precipitation springs water and::fever fahrenheit.could 
infinity, closuremodified inserted chain 'no' vote referendum 
gatherings promissory note go heaven reported table julu stuffed 
dirty
