==

Alan Sondheim
sondheim@panix.com

[Please take what you want from the 'short bio' below.]

Alan Sondheim's books include the anthology Being on Line: Net Subjecti- 
vity (Lusitania, 1996), Disorders of the Real (Station Hill, 1988), .echo 
(alt-X digital arts, 2001), Vel (Blazevox 2004-5), Sophia (Writers Forum, 
2004), Orders of the Real (Writers Forum, 2005), and The Wayward (Salt, 
2004) as well as numerous other chapbooks, e-books, and articles. His 
video 
and film have been widely exhibited. Sondheim co-moderates several 
pioneering email lists, including Cybermind, Cyberculture and Wryting. 
Since January, 1994, he has been working on an "Internet Text," a 
continuous meditation on philosophy, psychology, language, body, and 
virtuality.  In 1999, Sondheim was the 2nd Virtual Writer in Residence for 
the Trace online writing community (Nottingham-Trent University, 
England). In 2004, he was a 5 week resident of the Center for Literary 
Computing and the Virtual Environments Laboratory at West Virginia 
University, and in 2005 he was resident artist/writer at Grand Central Art 
Center in Santa Ana. He produced to soundwork CDs at the latter (his older 
records have been reissued by ESP-Disk and Fire Museum). In 2001, Sondheim 
assembled a special issue of the America Book Review on Codework, which 
was seminal in its genre. Sondheim taught in the Trace online writing 
program; in 2001-2 he also taught new media at Florida International 
University in Miami. He is currently working with the Swiss dancer/ 
choreographer Foofwa d'Imobilite on a series of works. Sondheim's work is 
trans-media; his emphasis is on writing, theory, and digital performance.

Relevant URLS:

http://www.asondheim.org/ 
WVU 2004 projects http://www.as.wvu.edu/clcold/sondheim/files/ 
recent related to WVU http://www.as.wvu.edu:8000/clc/Members/sondheim
trAce writing projects http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/


