= reversal simulacrum 
reversal, follows, ensues. spatiality, temporality, emblematic, 
responsive, exigencies resonance, likewise, emergent property 
whole. eternity, anterior. headphones. (which subtle stereo). 
personally third editing audition. server laptop, imprudence 
viewer prims regions. derrida, apocalypse, (full ahead, 
missiles, missives), diacritics / , */record, reverse, 
normalize/* care signal romeo di giorgio guitar. cambridge, 
mass,

    , since. started disastrous relationship;  . influenced 
lightning hopkins. memorized alphabetic order, a,b,c,d,e,f,g, 
sharps flats due order. guitars, settled gibson giorgio. 
cambridge al wilson (later canned heat) "city blues player" 
fahey charlie patton. went, stayed store clerk cried; he'd 
concerts, cost $ .  cracks cracks. floods, closet providence, 
island, warehouse los angeles, tasmania. everywhere remarkable: 
hyperboloid wooden band extending inch back. eighteenth-century 
design. seen device, except current tarrega, oval hole. 
description company: "alan, sorry, translator. serie artistica 
covers pine, laterals plated jacarand, fingerboard pau ferro, 
arm pretty. model. manufactured artisan." swedish pine. 
brazilian rosewood. removed re-glue bracing repaired lutheir 
guitars segovia david lee roth. unusually rich response. shine 
apparently bows, action's low. unlike hasn't diminished age. 
occasion repair breathe. fourth value $ , knows? mass-produced; 
distinctive anyone. fragility care, survive. (electric saz, 
yayli tanbur, examples), standardized; needed zithers. digital 
phenomenologies; replacement, equivalence, imminence, modality 
subject. inhering, subject-like; remote, object-like. analog, 
"in construct raster. exaggerate complex), (like donna haraway's 
"companion species") forty years; computer now; reminds screen 
wireless, matters most, wetware "alien" branes, brains. 
sometimes paths debris. arrived; possession mutual relevant 
lives. 

   acoustically; key stereo. tracks beowulf generates 
considerable electromagnetic spectrum. realistic patrolman sw- 
sw, vhf, uhf bands. signals hearing. machine-states exist 
emanents machine. glory.
