
Musical/Sound Pieces to Accompany music.txt

http://www.alansondheim.org/viola.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/pieces.txt
http://www.alansondheim.org/music.txt

(all sound pieces from files ta.txt -> tz.txt,
approx 2/2015-2-/2016 )

http://www.alansondheim.org/zhengraw.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/zheng.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/refuge1.mp3 hasapi reverse-dyn
http://www.alansondheim.org/refuge0.mp3 hasapi
http://www.alansondheim.org/belly.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/linearge.mp3 cura saz
http://www.alansondheim.org/azurevoice.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/stalkeddeath.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qq.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/blownit.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qqq.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/shasha.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb2.mp3 shakuhachi
http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb1.mp3 viola
http://www.alansondheim.org/claar2.mp3 clarinet
http://www.alansondheim.org/claar1.mp3 clarinet
http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb2.mp3 shakuhachi
http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb1.mp3 viola
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagle4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagle3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagle2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagle1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/etern.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/oudelegy.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/insidedouble.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/frege.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/ossiode.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/cysanshin.mp3 sanshin
http://www.alansondheim.org/du.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/preludeforossi.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/elegyforossi.mp3

[...] See url above for complete listing.



Ossie, Her Place

http://www.alansondheim.org/ossiyes.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ossimemory.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/shesleptheretoo.jpg

narrated and walked by Azure

Today has been four weeks since Ossi Oswalda, our companion
cat, has died, and we wanted to remember her place in the
world, how she moved through our mutual space, her pathways,
Azure following now, for Ossi Oswalda in memory. It is far
too easy to forget the beauty of the world, its inconceivable
richness, its kindness. And this is dedicated to Ossi Oswalda,
and to Agnes Varda, who showed the way.


New review of Threnody! 

The Alan Sondheim / Azure Carter / Luke Damrosch 'Threnody' review written 
by Marco Carcasi is on line on Kathodik home, facebook, and twitter page; 
you can follow the direct link -

http://www.kathodik.it/modules.php?name=Reviews&rop=showcontent&id=6221

(from Marco Paolucci Direttore Editoriale/Editor in Chief to Public
Eyesore)

Kathodik Webzine
Via Giuliozzi, 15
62100 Macerata - Italy
http://www.kathodik.it

Kathodik
www.kathodik.it

Chi/Who-Che cosa/What ?/is Kathodik Kathodik ? una webzine che si occupa 
di musica rock, pop, jazz, avant, elettronica, contemporanea, improv; di 
cinema e ...

http://www.facebook.com/pages/Kathodik/187735004605073

http://twitter.com/Kathodikit/187735004605073

http://twitter.com/paoluccimarco


retardation retardation retardation into the infinite 

http://www.alansondheim.org/retardation.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/retardation.mp4

retardation retardation retardation into the infinite 
retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation 
retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation 
retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation 
retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation 
retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation 
retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation 
retardation retardation retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation.into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite retardation into the infinite 
retardation into the infinite


ipseity, insistence, hollow

http://www.alansondheim.org/ipseity2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ipseity.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ipseity1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ipseity3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ipseity4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ipseity5.jpg

[11:39 PM]  Disconnected from in-world Voice Chat
[11:46 PM]  Alan Sondheim: what
[11:46 PM] Alan Sondheim: it was pointed out to me today that my 
life here is one of solitary confinement
[11:47 PM] Alan Sondheim: ]]][and there's nothing i can do about 
it because there's no leverage
[11:47 PM] Alan Sondheim: there's no leverage because there's no 
other
[11:47 PM]  Alan Sondheim: without that, there's no against
[11:47 PM]  Alan Sondheim: the against is at best motility
[11:47 PM]  Alan Sondheim: therefore i exist as a mobile object
[11:47 PM]  Alan Sondheim: capable of small maneuvers
[11:47 PM] Alan Sondheim: as if there were an existent dependent 
on such
[11:47 PM]  Alan Sondheim: instead of this, of this nothing.
[11:48 PM]  Alan Sondheim: there is nothing more to say
[11:48 PM]  Alan Sondheim: and there is no one to hear it.
[11:48 PM]  Alan Sondheim: ipseity is always dependent
[11:48 PM]  Alan Sondheim: and the body is always left hanging.

dict ipseity
No definitions found for "ipseity"

that negation is a token; that ipseity struggles with the angel; 
the ipseity of sight - burned its way through the flesh - 
cuneiform, ipseity lost in overwhelming detail, there is no 
mean; what is meant here and now; ipseity; that negation is a 
token; that ipseity struggles with the angel; ipseity, we're 
that itself to an ipseity that is questionable, what does one 
'point to' in I am lost in the ipseity of my freedom, confused 
about beings (there ipseity relegates ipseity questionable. 
'point to' diffusion obviates, extends, ,,,



nocturnal gasp of rain breach darkling

http://www.alansondheim.org/gasp.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/gasp1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/gasp2.mp3

i'd cull words from texts, water from air sound from air behind 
water, aire of air among water, surge of water breath night 
murmured great cavern of earth bounded by water gasped air great 
churning fury of water gasp earth drown in air crash water gasp 
of grasp swollen collapse cavern roiled through earth cries 
earth murmurs earth gasp last gasp of water gasp of air in earth 
aire upon earth

world.73



SQUALLLINE

http://www.alansondheim.org/packmount2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/packmount.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/packmount1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/packmount3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/packmount4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/packmount5.jpg

0.84, , - , , 0.78, , , , 0.16, , - , 1.75, , , 1.50, , , , 
, 2.97, , , , 2.97, , , , 2.62, , , , 2.50, , , , 2.14, , , , 
-, 51, , , , 44, , , -72.67598, , 39, , , , 36, , , , 36, , , , 
, , , 41, , , , 31, , , , 40, , , -71.87000, , 39, , , 39, , , , 
, - , , 2.21, , - , 2.11, , - , , 2.05, , - , , 1.79, , , , 
, , _24, 1.26, , , _24, 1.20, , , _24, 1.10, , , _24, 1.10, , , 
2.28, , , -72.93720, _24, 2.27, , , -72.69090, _24, 2.21, , , 
48, , , -, 47, , , -, 46, , , -, 63, , , -, 55, , , -, 53, , , 
, _24, 1.35, , , _24, 1.26, , , _24, 1.11, , , _24, 1.04, , , 
1.38, , , -71.64622, _24, 1.16, , , -71.41593, _24, 1.17, , , 
, 2.10, , , , 1.65, , , -71.89868, , 1.52, , - , 1.28, , - , , 
0.13, , - , , 0.08, , - , , 0.05, , , 1.04, , , , 0.68, , - , , 
-72.74013, _24, 1.99, , , _24, 1.93, , , -72.26098, _24, 2.10, , 
-71.56030, _24, 1.58, , , _24, 1.26, , , -71.38846, _24, 1.12, , 
_24, 1.96, , , -72.65040, _24, 1.40, , , -71.74983, _24, 1.94, , 
-, 49, , , -, 65, , , -71.16616, -, 61, , , -, 48, , , -, 47, , 
, - , -71.87000, , 1.89, , , , 1.83, , - , , 1.78, , - , 1.77, , 
2.34, , , _24, 1.86, , , _24, 1.55, , , -72.73837, _24, 2.68, , 
RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, AMATEUR RADIO, CLAY CENTER NON-TSTM, , 
RADIO, CLAY CENTER SUST, , MPH, ASOS, SUST, , MPH, ASOS, SUST, , 
, - , 1.47, , , 1.20, , - , , 0.90, , , -71.75062, , 1.71, , - , 
, 1.33, , - , -71.80000, , 0.72, , , -71.58330, , 0.42, , - , 
1.97, , - , , 1.70, , , , 1.57, , , , 1.45, , , , 0.96, , - , 
2.14, , , 2.03, , , , 2.02, , , 2.50, , , 2.35, , , 2.27, , - , 
2.27, , , , 2.21, , , , 2.08, , , , 2.93, , - , , 2.18, , - , 
, , -, 54, , , -, 51, , , -, 46, , , -, 46, , , -71.87000, -, 
, , -, 48, , , -, 55, , , -, 59, , , -, 54, , , -70.41670, -, 
RAIN, ., INCH, COOP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, -., RAIN, ., 
INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., 
RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, RAIN, ., 
EMPLOYEE, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., 
INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., 
RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., 
RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., 
RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, -., 
-., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., 
-., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., 
1.17, , , _24, 1.02, , , -72.02253, _24, 2.02, , , -71.80100, 
57, , , -, 52, , , -, 49, , , -, 54, , , -, 51, , , -71.55830, 
, -, 83, , , -, 74, , , -, 65, , , -, 64, , , -, 53, , , -, 50, 
-72.55187, _24, 2.77, , , -72.59165, _24, 2.67, , , -72.82070, 
-, 50, , , -, 50, , , -, 54, , , -, 47, , , 46, , , -72.62080, 
, , , 1.03, , - , , 2.01, , - , , 2.00, , , , 1.95, , , , 1.91, 
, , 1.73, , - , , 1.72, , - , , 1.70, , - , , 1.28, , , , 1.22, 
, -71.38515, _24, 1.12, , , _24, 1.15, , , _24, 1.13, , , -, 52, 
, - , , 1.61, , , , 0.90, , - , , 0.88, , - , 0.69, , , , 1.23, 
, _24, 1.61, , , -71.88700, _24, 1.47, , , -71.83914, _24, 1.43, 
_24, 1.89, , , -71.70049, _24, 1.52, , , _24, 1.42, , , _24, 
_24, 1.40, , , _24, 1.19, , , _24, 1.05, , , _24, 1.06, , , _24, 
_24, 1.07, , , _24, 3.04, , , _24, 2.26, , , -72.53001, _24, 
_24, 2.57, , , _24, 2.40, , , _24, 2.32, , , -72.89729, _24, 
0.05, , , 1.12, , , 1.04, , - , 0.83, , - , , 2.95, , - , 2.26, 
1.42, , , , 1.21, , - , 1.18, , , 1.17, , - , 1.02, , - , 0.97, 
, -72.78702, _24, 2.40, , , -72.87770, _24, 2.37, , , -72.94538, 
32, , , , 35, , , , 40, , , -70.07000, , 36, , , , 51, , , , 48, 
OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, NONE, 
OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, -., RAIN, ., INCH, 
RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, RAIN, ., INCH, HAM RADIO, RAIN, ., INCH, 
CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, 
OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, 
CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, 
INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, 
INCH, HAM RADIO, RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, ., INCH, 
RAIN, ., INCH, PUBLIC, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, 
INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, 
ASOS, -., RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, 
COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, 
INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, 
., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, 
INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, 
INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, 
RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, ASOS, PVD ASOS ., INCH, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, ASOS, NON-TSTM, , MPH, ASOS, NON-TSTM, , MPH, 
SUST, , MPH, ASOS, BAF ASOS SUST, , MPH, ASOS, -., SUST, , MPH, 
CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, PUBLIC, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, 
ASOS, ., INCH, NWS OFFICE, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, -., NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
RADIO, , MPH, HAM RADIO, -., NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, -., NON-TSTM, , MPH, AMATEUR RADIO, 
RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, 
OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, RAIN, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, TRAINED SPOTTER, 
SPOTTER, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, 
COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, 
COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, 
COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, 
COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, 
COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, 
OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, 
ASOS SUST, , MPH, ASOS, SUST, , MPH, ASOS, SUST, , MPH, ASOS, 
RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, -., RAIN_, ., INCH, COCORAHS, RAIN_, 
TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, HAM RADIO, ., INCH, TRAINED 
OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, TRAINED 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, ASOS, ORH ASOS NON-TSTM, , MPH, TRAINED 
RADIO, SUST, , MPH, ASOS, HFD ASOS -., SUST, , MPH, ASOS, BDL 
RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, -., NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM 
HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM 
MPH, HAM RADIO, NON-TSTM, , MPH, ASOS, NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM 
SPOTTER, NON-TSTM, , MPH, ASOS, PVD ASOS NON-TSTM, , MPH, HAM 
CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, -., RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
EMERGENCY MANAGER, RAIN, ., INCH, PUBLIC, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
OBSERVER, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
OBSERVER, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
OBSERVER, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
OBSERVER, -., RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
TRAINED SPOTTER, RAIN, ., INCH, ASOS, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP 
., INCH, ASOS, ., INCH, TRAINED SPOTTER, ., INCH, CO-OP 
CO-OP OBSERVER, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, CO-OP 
NON-TSTM, , MPH, ASOS, BHO MQE ASOS NON-TSTM, , MPH, AMATEUR 
ASOS, SUST, , MPH, ASOS, BHO MQE ASOS SUST, , MPH, AMATEUR 
MPH, ASOS, BOS ASOS -., SUST, , MPH, ASOS, , MPH, ASOS, PVD ASOS 
., INCH, ASOS, RAIN, ., INCH, CO-OP OBSERVER, ., INCH, NWS 
35, , ,
SUST, , MPH, TRAINED SPOTTER,
SQUALLLINE


Paean, Elegy, Pulse

http://www.alansondheim.org/forall.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/paeanforall.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/elegyforall.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pulseforall.mp3

(attributed to Larsen Brothers) parlor guitar
Guitar was my first instrument, and to this day I return to the 
instrument, constantly practicing, working on technique and 
scale, exercising left and right hand finger (nails, no picks), 
pushing the boundaries as much as possible, keeping the braid of 
the piece in site/sight. The three pieces are very different; 
paean extends my playing in new directions, elegy uses the 
Japanese in scale always yearning for resolution, and pulse uses 
a 'clunky' bass line extended and collapsed more or less 
rhythmically. This is the best playing I'm capable of, recorded 
last night between four and five a.m.; music called. When I can 
play like this, I'm happy; if you listen, I'm happier, since 
music, my music at least, calls for communality. Paean, Elegy, 
and Pulse, are public pieces; they were recorded in this order 
in the dead of night. For Azure and Ossi and You.


http://www.alansondheim.org/subobject.png

subobjects

== suicide can only be null== there's nothing to specify the 
existence of a consciousness== the only permitted operations are 
quantal== quanta are always already== within the swollen 
fecundity of creation== gaps to be filled by categorical 
dynamics== creation is always a relation== mathematics always 
already an annihilation== thought's movements construe 
sensations of pain and pleasure== suicide can only be 
universal== when i look around, they look around== when they 
look around, i look around== momentary displeasure as something 
falters within not me== sedimentations of categories, i'm piled 
up within== internal buffeting, syzygy, external holes== all 
holes are external== all holes are w/holes== swallow yourself, 
deny yourself, kill yourself== yourself are yourselves, 
multitudes, interminable continuums== strations which collapse 
your mouth== your mouthmouth your mouthmouthmouth== universal 
suicide of the world== garnered scorched syzygial uncomfortable 
quiescence of the planet== co-lapse== 

v suicide sedimentation aa there exists Y w x does not exist 
rigid | -y -v 0 *

v the specify to nothing there's null== be only can suicide == 
aa ==> <== there exists Y w x limp rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * 
swollen engorged are operations permitted only the 
consciousness== a of existence aa ==> there exists Y w x y does 
not exist rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged swollen the 
within already== always are quanta quantal== aa ==> there exists 
Y w x x | * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged categorical by filled 
be to gaps creation== of fecundity aa ==> <== there exists Y w x 
limp rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * swollen always mathematics 
relation== a always is creation dynamics== aa ==> there exists Y 
w x does not exist rigid * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged construe 
movements thought's annihilation== an already aa zz ==> <== 
there exists Y w x does not exist rigid | -y -v U 0 * swollen 
engorged be only can suicide pleasure== and pain of sensations 
aa ==> there exists Y w x limp rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * swollen 
they when around== look they around, look i when universal== aa 
zz ==> <==> there exists Y w x | * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged 
something as displeasure momentary around== look i around, look 
aa ==> <== <==> there exists Y w x does not exist & | -y -v U 0 
* swollen engorged piled i'm categories, of sedimentations me== 
not within falters aa <== there exists Y w x does not exist 
rigid & * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged all holes== external 
syzygy, buffeting, internal within== up aa ==> <== for all X 
there exists Y x y limp & | * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged 
yourself, swallow w/holes== are holes all external== are holes 
aa ==> there exists Y x y | * -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged 
yourselves, are yourself yourself== kill yourself, deny aa zz 
==> <==> there exists Y w x | -y -v U 0 1 swollen collapse which 
strations continuums== interminable multitudes, aa there exists 
Y w x does not exist limp rigid & | * -y -v U 0 * swollen 
engorged universal mouthmouthmouth== your mouthmouth your 
mouth== your aa zz ==> there exists Y x does not exist | -y -v U 
0 * swollen engorged uncomfortable syzygial scorched garnered 
world== the of suicide aa ==> <== for all X there exists Y w x 
does not exist limp rigid | * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged 
suicide v == == co-lapse== planet== the of quiescence aa zz 
there exists Y w x x rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * engorged -v -y | 
rigid exist not does x w Y exists there aa sedimentation aa zz 
==> <== there exists Y w x y does not exist * -y -v 0 * swollen 
engorged suicide can only be null== there's nothing to specify 
the v * 0 aa zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w x limp 
rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged * 1 0 U -v -y | & rigid 
limp x w Y exists there <== ==> aa == aa zz ==> <== which pulls 
back w x y does not exist & * -y U 0 * swollen engorged the only 
permitted operations are engorged swollen aa ==> <== there 
exists Y w x does not exist & * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged 
does y x w Y exists there ==> aa existence of a consciousness== 
aa ==> there exists Y w x y rigid | * -y -v 0 1 * swollen 
engorged the swollen engorged swollen * 1 0 U -v -y | & rigid 
exist not aa zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w y * -y 
-v U 0 * swollen engorged exists there ==> aa quantal== quanta 
are always already== within aa ==> there exists Y w x y x | * -y 
U 0 * swollen engorged filled by categorical engorged swollen * 
0 U -v -y * | x x w Y aa zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls 
back w x y limp rigid * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen x w Y exists there 
<== ==> aa fecundity of creation== gaps to be aa ==> <== there 
exists Y w x y limp rigid & | * -y -v 0 1 * swollen engorged 
mathematics always swollen * 1 0 U -v -y | & rigid limp aa zz 
==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w x does not exist rigid 
& * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged Y exists there ==> aa 
dynamics== creation is always a relation== aa ==> there exists Y 
w x y does not exist rigid * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged 
construe engorged swollen * 0 U -v -y * rigid exist not does x w 
aa zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w y rigid | * -y 
-v U 0 * swollen <== ==> zz aa already an annihilation== 
thought's movements aa zz ==> <== for all X there exists Y w x 
does not exist | -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged swollen * 0 U -v 
-y | rigid exist not does x w Y exists there aa zz ==> <== there 
exists Y which pulls back w y * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged 
sensations of pain and pleasure== suicide can only be engorged 
aa ==> <== there exists Y w x limp rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * 
swollen swollen * 1 0 U -v -y | & rigid limp x w Y exists there 
==> aa aa zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w x y does 
not exist & * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged aa universal== when i 
look around, they look around== when they aa zz ==> <==> there 
exists Y w x | * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged engorged swollen * 
0 U -v -y * | x w Y exists there <==> ==> zz aa zz ==> <== for 
all X there exists Y which pulls back w y * -y -v U 0 * swollen 
engorged look around, i look around== momentary displeasure as 
something aa ==> <== <==> there exists Y w x does not exist & | 
-y -v U 0 * swollen engorged 0 U -v -y | & exist not does x w Y 
exists there <==> <== ==> aa aa zz ==> there exists Y which 
pulls back w x y * -y -v 0 * swollen engorged me== 
sedimentations of categories, i'm piled engorged swollen * aa 
<== there exists Y w x does not exist rigid & * -y -v U 0 1 * 
swollen exist not does x w Y exists there <== aa falters within 
not aa there exists Y w x y * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged 
external holes== all engorged swollen * 1 0 U -v -y * & rigid aa 
zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w x y * -y -v U 0 * 
swollen engorged X all for <== ==> aa up within== internal 
buffeting, syzygy, aa ==> <== for all X there exists Y x limp & 
| * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged engorged swollen * 1 0 U -v 
-y * | & limp y x Y exists there aa zz ==> <== there exists Y 
which pulls back w y does not exist & * -y -v U 0 * swollen 
engorged holes are external== all holes are w/holes== swallow 
yourself, aa ==> there exists Y x y | * -v U 0 1 * swollen 
engorged engorged swollen * 1 0 U -v * | y x Y exists there ==> 
aa aa zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w x y * -y -v U 
0 * swollen engorged zz aa deny yourself, kill yourself== 
yourself are yourselves, aa zz ==> <==> for all X there exists Y 
w x | -y -v U 0 1 swollen which collapse swollen 1 0 U -v -y | x 
w Y exists there <==> ==> aa zz ==> there exists Y which pulls 
back x y rigid & * -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged exists there aa 
multitudes, interminable continuums== strations aa there exists 
Y w x y does not exist limp rigid | -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged 
swollen * 0 U -v -y * | & rigid limp exist not does x w Y aa zz 
==> <== there exists Y which pulls back w y does not exist & * 
-y -v U 0 * swollen your mouthmouth your mouthmouthmouth== 
universal engorged aa zz ==> <== there exists Y w x does not 
exist | -y -v U 0 * swollen engorged U -v -y | exist not does x 
Y exists there ==> zz aa your mouth== aa zz ==> for all X there 
exists Y w x y does not exist | -y -v 0 * swollen engorged 
garnered scorched syzygial uncomfortable engorged swollen * 0 aa 
==> <== for all X there exists Y which pulls back w x does not 
exist limp rigid | * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged x w Y exists 
there X all for <== ==> aa suicide of the world== aa w x y rigid 
| * -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged engorged swollen * 1 0 U -v 
-y * | rigid limp exist not does aa zz ==> <== there exists Y 
which pulls back w y does not exist & * -y -v U 0 * swollen x x 
Y exists there aa quiescence of the planet== co-lapse== aa there 
exists Y x y x rigid & | -y -v U 0 1 * swollen engorged engorged 
* 1 0 U -v -y | & rigid zz ==> <== there exists Y which pulls 
back w -y -v 0 swollen

v
v 
yy



