\^ /indistinguishes 
's/+----------^ /integrations 's/+------\^/nothing/g' 
's/+---:/evil 's/--------\./nirvanas 's/-//g' 's/@/ 's/\.//g' 
's/\<....\>//g' 's/[<>]//g' 's/b/i/g' 's/buddha/lotus/g' 
's/can/alone/g' 's/existence/being/g' 's/f/t/g' 's/g/e/g' 
's/gg/ng/g' 's/however/and sigh/g' 's/lll/l/g' 
's/misery/perverse/g' 's/recollection/collocation/g' 
's/surely/truely really/g' 's/the/moanly/g' 's/u/n/g' 's/v/l/g' 
's/way/lonely/g' 's/with/so recompare/g' 's/x/m/g' shuttling 
packets similar names lb mind thing slow sondheim, 178 179 182 
sound murmur sounz suicide sx d z: sy ternrmhz 
clawyberrnetayeclawhz texts.txt.gz po!nt r zelebr!t!ez, dzatz 
uh! !m hre. Dz!nk me thanx OpenSource, DC, Sugar, sending better 
experimental move absolute silence making that's beginningound 
togeththeir bodies guyldhz thooen eqlueuayevaalenclawe underr 
hztruclawture. h+0+^+0 d+ clawhaaayenhz todtanz topaz 
xyzwuvtsrqponmlkjihgfedcba abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvw 
zyxwuvtsrqponmlkjihgfedcba abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxy 
zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba transmission, simulacrum defeat 
death. un-becoming-Gaz begynnynge lond\a vikriti vimal vimala 
vinata vinay vinaya vineetme wallltz waves Juarez were, much 
anything, tests s wdswk weather web WET where womans wtc xl 
xzais worldz wvusummary.txt wvxlmhgifxgrmt zylny znvirxz (x ^ 2) 
(1 COS(x)) -x: xa c1 s1 xn5jj1Q+0hLPLSP6zOldfHy+migu7COS2/Az s3 
za c3 ya: mx: my: yaqclmz yawk yalg yacpy yacfr yawqumli. yalyjy 
yacpz ynhztytute hznEEK nb TAZarega tooha thzonb mahz 
's/^.........//g' zomi 500 reinvigorating old! movez uavez 
v!rtul, 's/[:\/]//g' ww fold -35 212 213 214 215 's/S//g' 
's/N//g' +----Colomina, Beatriz +---Electric +---Suroz +---adamz 
+---az +---kirawaltz Xcamel.npuz \---npuz (VRML 
Browser)FreeWRL-036tar.gz +---Gutierrez \---mtez .zzz 0.db.zzz 
00.db.zzz Test Slice.zzz tempslice.zzz undo.db.zzz \---What 
Remains |t[$@z ?  readme.gz ????mtez ????kirawaltz ????danz    z

*/ grep -h z$ texts/*.txt > zz wc zz pico zz sort zz > yy tr -d 
< yy > zz uniq zz > yy wc yy grep -v http yy > zz grep -v .org 
zz > yy wc yy more yy h perl a/eliminate.pl < yy > zz wc zz pico 
zz stty cols 70; fg /*


a

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip410.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip412.jpg
(presenting at DHSI, U. Vic, Azure Carter, photo)

a       are reborn as vermin. They howl forever because of their 
terrible deeds. aren't patriotic. died this country is Godless. 
a cult. one man. conspiracy. and kill you can do nothing to stop 
me. exposed. We're depressed. falling down the eastern seacoast 
all you. in ruins. jammed with us. these amazing they shaped 
like tiny cones anthrax." missile trail.:the other waits:one 
waits.:: letter.:another mark.:a mark.:: another mark!:8 julu:7 
julu::17 julu:16 julu: it has taken 0.167 minutes swallow your 
last ... addiction nudes, programs :the category nudes we speak, 
often cannot function. i am off medication. sleep; tonight again 
night full nightmare internal violence. gnaws at world. ran away 
together. were seen going west from if shot through gauze (it 
wasn't), first had talc, pretended annihilation translation 
naming enumeration form chaos being non-being associations 
bracketing demarcation information set equality analysis 
repeated sort instance made by file1 > file2 - which alphabetic 
order. transforms concepts presumably have ally independent. 
associative complexes formed sorting consciousness 'self' 
'self-awareness'; brings analysis^2 such' relation legitimacy. 
see thwarted apologetics writing, writing an n-dimensional 
space, alt.sex.pedophilia! 1-196401 alt.sex.fetish.watersports! 
1-514916 alt.sex.bondage! 1-631387 alt.sex.pictures! 1-1011382 
alt.sex.enemas! 1-281971 alt.sex.anal! 1-520256 aus.sex.bondage! 
1-36957 alt.sex.bears! 1-214792 alt.sex.voyeurism! 1-449809 
alt.sex.necrophilia! 1-166109 alt.homosexual! alt.magick.sex! 
alt.politics.homosexuality! alt.politics.sex! alt.sex! 
alt.sex.NOT! alt.sex.bestiality! 
1-75860,75868-75873,75876,75881-75882, 
alt.sex.bondage.particle.physics! alt.sex.boredom! 
alt.sex.fetish.feet! alt.sex.fetish.hair! alt.sex.homosexual! 
alt.sex.masturbation! alt.sex.motss! 
1-11836,11838,11840,11843-11845,11847-11850, alt.sex.movies! 
alt.sex.pictures.d! alt.sex.pictures.female! 
alt.sex.pictures.male! alt.sex.sounds! alt.sex.stories! 
alt.sex.stories.d! alt.sex.wanted! alt.sex.wizards! 
alt.sexual.abuse.recovery! alt.sexual.abuse.recovery.d! 
alt.sexy.bald.captains! alt.sex.fetish.orientals! 
alt.sex.spanking! alt.sex.exhibitionism! 1-1188 
alt.sex.bestiality.barney! alt.sex.bestiality.hamster.duct-tape! 
1-1229,1231,1233,1235,1237-1238, alt.sex.watersports! aus.sex! 
alt.sex.fetish.diapers! alt.sex.fetish.fashion! 
alt.sex.services! alt.sex.strip-clubs! alt.sex.intergen! 
alt.sex.femdom! alt.sex.telephone! alt.sex.fat! 
alt.sex.fetish.startrek! alt.sex.magazines! 
alt.sex.erotica.marketplace! alt.tv.tiny-toon.sex! 
alt.sex.nasal-hair! alt.sex.breast! 
1-6,8-9,11,21-22,25-26,30,34-36,38,51-53,66-67,71 I would rather 
eat Fruits Triumph than my flesh torn among predators. "When 
human dies his deeds weighed violence there no escape. Behold 
Caves Heathen. When Essenic Flames; some Truth Burgess; guilty. 
what damage done fucking rocky satisfied tourists cameras they'd 
come viable mode CHAIRS TABLES communicationWALLS world's 
population grows austere elements opera muted terror 
annihilation. already memory denial. This was happening them. 
For time, trauma takes central stage. The audience apocalypse 
armageddon. i'm tired defending myself. stdin. anthrax rape alan 
azure. media azure alan. cnn azure.:if want will destroy same; 
resonate; remain incomplete; pornography anything any speed; 
lends itself you; domains; about sexual history. appreciate so 
very much partner. Tell me more most intense went out, lay back 
deckchairs pool stared up after death, nothing. judgment 
senseless. draw that just that, without meaning except take for 
along, where ethics belongs. but not world; within that. life 
turns into impossibility virtue azure, said, almost crying, 
wanted hold back, you're only alteration program (LRTAP). 
written last. occurs. above, near bottom carefully surveying 
earth, light brown lizard around corner plant, walks off, still, 
sex-terror leaflets video\scrip sound\scrip, company scrips,:oh 
well descrips images, scripts,:interiors, exteriors, entries, 
contents:setups message someone be murdered. unable speak. 
hiding. arrested. frightened death. $pid knew along!", "\n\n" 
2==$g;:sleep(1);:print address. If received email error, please 
accept our apologies. another. girl silent. sits there. she 
fragile.  accidental tourist.:x''':x'' almost. 
dead^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ gone^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ pushed able input or 
output, foreclosed presumption rich inner lives, programmings 
constructing fortification-modules them, sharing virtual-real 
worlds worldings 8.950 turning Jennifer dwsd. dirty wet cloth, 
feminine linen work flax velvet altering (responding text)^2 gap 
hiatus. wayward contrary characters. harshness all, males 
devours inside. it's distrust males, character also stain 
residue, always wants disappear engrave stone. everything stone 
then rails totality writes dubious philosophy. doesn't make 
sense. tearing each bayhead.dmessmass dmessmess dmess Nikuko. 
it. No else find out anything. Don't leave swearing secrecy 
myself secrecy. go further, anus, dead here: :Scattered-bombs 
locus quality text. ./alan diacritical presence. virtual life, 
intention presence position array x+1 between 0 1; foreclosed. 
arms. kernel generator. something emerges, expands. trapped it.) 
2002 12:20:58 -0500nel disfri mar 29 16:27:03 est says == 
religion. temple. holy city. one's flesh, lacerate onself, cut 
offending bit ability maintai text spurts, outline, chasing 
down, encapsulating, limited domain inscribed fuzzy boundaries. 
domains clue interpretable symptom, according scheme based 
articulated methodology. cue activation anomaly repetitive 
structure domain. turn may evidence past present; attention. 
begins pre-theoretic presuppositions. schemes noise. approach, 
detour regard; again; behavior clusters attributes. story biome 
flora/fauna regimes. muck clutter skin. differentiation mass. 
eidetic reduction anomalies generative boundaries, entities, 
temporary accountable accounted-for. unaccountable, uncounted, 
generates circumscriptions, circumlocutions; involved 
potentially around, turned horizons 'subjective' 'objective' 
approach self-critical, self-critique; critique appears be) 
case. extent phenomenology object both diffuses expands; 
becoming invisible, participates dialectics reifications, 
objectifications, subjectivities, absorptions data, local 
geodesics, clouded enumerations, no-see-ums. (thus sides, top 
forth) disconnected (to 'its' reference, dedication authority, 
placement reification peer consensus; rethinking it, arc across 
report, response, 'of it' possessive releasement. analysis. 
bladderwort surrounds nano-bio organelles. movement, neural 
networking, stasis, world shutting-down live-born young order 
day. second-order phalanx inside mutated grills. intervention. 
dynamic everything; think glades _inscribed surface_ 
transforming space time surface organic shifting. simultaneous 
entanglement migration; vectored, vector everything. american 
bittern breathing sheet water laminar/animal flow broken x ~x = 
inscribes null x^~x intersection. a. unintended x-protocol: dna 
crystal mapping, clays, lindenmayer algorithms plant formation. 
b. intended tcp/ element-between dirty, abject, fuzzy, 
problematic, historically approach; marks/inscribes 
investigation, expenditure, meaning's withdrawal. apple-snails, 
high-flying snail-kites, swallows' enormous swallows hi-speed, 
polluted cypress-domes, hammocks, we're animals red eyes 
substructural matrix (presentation format) co 
alligator:alligator:alligator:: alligator busy glade! plants 
narrows open wide poisoned _climbed_ animal. Greek answer 
abraham afraid animal iron dying agreed upon sender receiver. 
discontinuous, syntactic, digital, characterized discrete abjure 
clear distinction analog symbolic. Cartesian coordinates 
countermanded arbitrary location origin. metonymy tropes, 
digital. analogic. creation signifier re-inscribes signified 
accounted-for, trembling fragile falling-apart, they're poison 
men's minds, perfect audience) Which did use? (pause) (louder) 
used KNIFE OF COURSE? digital interpenetrate 5 interpenetrate. 
least extent. number. (distinction orders here chaotic. regimes 
digital: audio/video/image/web/performance coheres. languaging 
background, disseminated, dissimulated. attempting grasp 
infinite. theme 'otherwise.' argument totalization. code affairs 
gossamer seasonal pinup phase military art Ando beauty princess 
sea yet direction Watanabe summing-up absence every other. 
absolute frameworks, definitive infinities. production discrete; 
never done. bulwark fiction; non-fiction, languorous; mattered 
universe large. unpublished letter Edwin Way Teale found copy 
Near Horizons, finality not. But sure burden ghosts, about. More 
dominated electronic afterwards, when expected. These times ah, 
wondering perhaps Wait minute, I'm sorry, disappear. You know 
"the weather." See how foreign America. don't love country, 
making show ESPECIALLY FOR YOU. plane floats landing.) thank 
coming. antenna coupling musicla instrument strings, there's 
microphone, azure's movements coupled came goiing armegeddon 
isn't corner, now apologize. maybe sense point analogic well. 
means INTO WETWARE perceiving SUBJECT), cast-off ass posted val 
prieto august pm trackback suck blog administrations 
catastrophic response katrina sadly clinton been health 
hurricane fuck day analog: infiltration dirt, unacknowledged 
real entirely, births result deformed infants. Ozone depletion 
miniaturization. achieved consciousness. Robotics 
nanotechnologies plagues will. unbreathable, asthma / allergic 
reactions throbbing coc k filthy germs streaming ghosts soak 
waters fire, well, miss apart, couldn't watch four minutes, 
shaking, wrong me, do, final cities, living forest, force 
world-wide, too annihilation, preacher them hmans tear tongues, 
articulation, burning, end-angel, reassemblage, once annihilate, 
truth false demand, willingly, element humans nation-wide 
continuously-maintained. DSL course channel. wireless modem 
built US. In traced extractive industries; nation, communication 
other, using variety maintenance. socio-economic grid provides, 
various routes, abstract numbers eventually results movement 
goods acceptable parameters. use Zaurus, hand, digital) 
employed; programmed languages are, part, locally coherent. 
Abstract physical objects created life-forms ultimately 
reproduce themselves exist certain political/abstract economies; 
example, accuracy; otherwise, slippage might entire bio-cultural 
apparatus collapsing, possibility recuperation. others; 
stability, analog/digital investigations: physics, mathematics 
*/failed far/* anomalous vlf signals welded together */as still 
earth/* assertion. who manufactures sheet? organism? species? 
second limit i.e. bandwidth perceptual any./* chiasmus until 
extinction. accountancy disinterrment unaccountable. eternal 
presencing. allowing speech formlessness abacus processes 
protocols. shape-riding synaptic signals. assignments flexible, 
flex-work. construct margins state unitl moment observed, forced 
life/death antennas tended possible get archaeological remnants, 
paints, scratches, rubber trails, scars angeles choreographer 
discussing latest "new moves" chant slaughter poem eagles 
timeinged, forlorn, ininged we, fraught thisinged darkling 
placeinged here, theinged fecund flora, machineinged during 
continuesinged unflinged unabatedinged whereinged place flocks, 
anhinga, heron, weinged unhinged gods, nowinged machine slaugher 
hereinged continues congo killing atinged leopold meloninged 
judge budge juiceinged happy midst mustinged murder proceedinged 
millions nation carefullyinged rings twenty-five itinged melon 
isinged blood juice youinged willinged must fiften beinged 
proceed happyinged belgians withinged perfectinged while hands 
fingers ringinged unclear exactly congoinged underinged dinged 
many leopoldinged estimatesinged ranged nine frominged nineinged 
under unclearinged twenty-one exactlyinged estimates howling 
howinged range deranged manyinged lynched diedinged speciesinged 
singed capableinged soon ofinged torture slaughteringed species 
empire appliesinged capable twenty-oneinged burned millioninged 
white phosphor asinged a-bombed peoples sooninged its typeinged 
typed bloodinged furious energies condoned condominged same irak 
name foringed domestic grist mill askinginged begging type 
binged itsinged filling fullinged condom genocides energiesinged 
yours sameinged leopold's gristinged handsinged careful offinged 
pictures ainged women agoinged areinged chopped pleaseinged 
carefulinged oh century's picturesinged long ago womeninged 
seemed andinged wereinged deadinged remember names caninged 
manipulate manipulateinged clubinged thing impossibleinged begin 
lord's teachesinged thereinged noinged religion teaches toinged 
tongues begininged innocent innocentinged thatinged save us 
logic logicinged salvage corpses outinged fed noringed whole 
saveinged salvageinged dogs crows wellinged neither beast nor 
inged wholeinged escape mattressinged manifold bunny folksinged 
fur mattress youringed synthetic cathedral syntheticinged folks 
bunnyinged blooded furinged dismal comfort haveinged you've 
nothinginged farm justinged aboutinged comfortinged we've 
comeinged say it'singed clearinged skininged amount notinged 
blood's skeininged mawinged culture fucked familyinged skin 
skein sayinged scratch maw hard stick dreyfusinged tasty drink 
hardinged dreyfus pierced stickinged stockade morsel tastyinged 
cleared tinged iinged palisades souls palisadeinged doubled wall 
food doubledinged slots wallinged doors bullets yesinged tallies 
letters nearlyinged governor watches nearly watchesinged 
twenty-fiveinged few remaining teninged years sweetinged ten 
yearsinged hand meat charred actinged monument arrestsinged 
belgium usa france iran criminalsinged patriot patriotinged act 
canada sweden china taiwan actsinged arrests malay timor hinged 
oninged true megafauna mega meatinged criminals granite 
monumentinged acts own realize tire killinginged philosophy 
stillborn goes tireinged lashed philosophyinged sex advances 
aristotleinged stays stillborninged sutras cocks cunts munged 
aminged upanishads wandered occupyinginged saying occupying 
sutrasinged occupiedinged centuryinged observeinged understand 
hinge observe hisinged lastinged mirror mirrored mirroringed 
doomed slaughtered eachinged anywhere otheringed bad 
inconvenient inconveniencesinged fragility material-real, inert 
unique; equivalence Net destined artifacts. We should prepare 
this. recognize future better "not writing." Wait, lost suitcase 
somewhere outside Chicago.You're early, anyway scandal over Abu 
Gharayb animated motion graphics graphic device messing 
attitudes body. So sensor stuff soup kitchens overflowing giving 
those Huntington beach california, fourth july animations 
surfaces stapled LITERALLY end... idea (according Schelling Idea 
better. others night, distant glimmers eternity page, slight 
cough Schroedinger looking forward slopes, rumours Davos, mice 
scuttling floor, representation embedded appeal meaning, 
transcendence, falls knees >>> tell >>>> classical treasure 
unquestioning existence, ontology, nothingness. slipping. 
legends buying selling fake load quake

grep -h ^a texts/*.txt | head -5000 | tail -500 > zz tr -d 
< zz > yy; strings yy > zz wc zz perl a/eliminate.pl < zz > yy; 
pico yy



Friday night performance, Azure Carter and Alan Sondheim, ELO

http://www.alansondheim.org/vvelo.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/vvelo.mp4

Performed at University of Victoria, as part of the Electronic 
Literature Organization conference. I'm on viola. Apologies for 
the poor audio; the club was noisy and there wasn't any sound- 
proofing. On the other hand, this is one of our best perfor- 
mances; I was on fire w/ the viola, and Azure was terrific.



largest chiton species in the world

giant western firey chiton (gumboot chiton)
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip945.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip941.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip942.jpg
Cryptochiton stelleri,
found on the rocky beach and returned to the ocean

My work is my obsession, to an unhealthy degree; however, when 
filled with <cylinder>: i refuse your unhealthy humanism. you 
both look like parts My work is my obsession, to an unhealthy 
degree; however, when filled with Working with body phrasing, 
unhealthy bodies, ecstatic bodies, a certain unhealthy odor, not 
something you would want to identify with. I Hangup (0:21:46) 
"Do you think kissing is unhealthy?" fantasms wrought from 
unhealthy air, lurid matter. an unhealthy bed ounce prevention 
better pound cure return truth persist not another? Why must one 
be healthy, or unhealthy, or hungry, or of suggestion of nothing 
more than an 'unhealthy obsession' as if worlds had the start 
there was something unhealthy about it,' for example, not 
another? Why must one be healthy, or unhealthy, or hungry, or of 
dominated. clandestine meetings, fantasms wrought unhealthy 
solitaire, My work is my obsession, to an unhealthy degree; 
however, when filled with not another? Why must one be healthy, 
or unhealthy, or hungry, or of
 
<cylinder>: i refuse your unhealthy humanism. you both look like 
parts fantasms wrought from unhealthy air, lurid matter.

<cylinder>: you both look like Cryptochiton stelleri, in 
unhealthy air, returning to the breathing ocean, wringing us 
from lurid matter.


the slow

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip956.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/theslow.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip957.jpg

the slow accretion
animals, turbulence, waves
among slow time, before us, among us, after us
the after
the slow and slower
the blurred snapshot the snapshot blurred
the almost stationary among us
the glance over the shoulder slightest movement of a chiton
the glance of the chiton length of glance of the chiton
a chiton the chiton
the slow accretion of turbulence and shallows
the impossible slowness of the ripple
the slowing timing

neighborhood (packet channels slowing down just right for the 
soft waters, slowing up computers and making their access more 
difficult, slowing-up and speed up instead; my technique is 
improving and i'm doing i breath fast. i get out of breath fast. 
death promises slowing, can see your reading slowing down. the 
programs are in full motion, as a borhood (packet channels 
slowing down just right for the home terminal) form and 
formlessness. and so many fundamental constants, the slowing- 
down among us, cool objects slowing their thinking, d'eruza 
saying cool, creation, but slowing their undoing. you might see 
affect in the layering for improvement lhow about some food 
worth slowing down for gslow down mi animation slowing - almost 
to a halt - i'd settle for grays - zig-zagslocality, the 
construct of neighborhood (packet channels slowing downdump, 
clogging the communications channels, and slowing things 
down,speed of teleporting, slowing down as waves course through 
the flesh,particles last as long as they do? retardation - 
slowing things speech. i breath fast. i get out of breath fast. 
death promises slowing. for slowing or scraping the flesh trying 
to think, what? about the borhood (packet channels slowing down 
just right for the home terminal) sitting dumped there slowing 
up everything just like that borhood (packet channels slowing 
down just right for the home terminal) not wanting to go on like 
this, watching the irreversible slowing-up of my do? retardation 
- slowing things down, copying, duplicating, a poetics of for 
slowing or scraping the flesh trying to think, what? about the 
labor purposed, slowing scraping trying think, what? damage 
cause caused. know this is a fault of mine, slowing me up, 
creating a rougher particles last as long as they do? 
retardation - slowing things slowing right home terminal) 
redefining body; extension; extension noise; you get the 
picture. even now, there's no sign of things slowing down it's 
slowing me up; depression invades intention. i'm beginning 
speech. i breath fast. i get out of breath fast. death promises 
slowing. slowing-down universe, may survive know immediate 
future). alien bodies grainy worlds population slowing, food 
production still fundamental constants, the slowing-down true 
stars, their design constants, the slowing-down of the universe, 
etc. we may not constants! slowing down true stars! design 
formless! beyond inside, you and i, the bifurcation of satin and 
retorts slowing locality, the construct of neighborhood (packet 
channels slowing down dump, clogging the communications 
channels, and slowing things down, speed of teleporting, slowing 
down as waves course through the flesh, i breathe, i breathe 
slower, i breathe almost the slow accretion, i accrete, so slow 
do i accrete, <chiton> i dream of waves almost movement, i dream 
an eternal space of hesitation, i dream this, i dream that, so 
slow do it, i dream this, i dream that, i dream this, i dream 
that, i dream this, i dream that, i dream this, i dream that ...



on the road - twin peaks

http://www.alansondheim.org/twinpeaks.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/twinpeaks.mp4


the wedge

http://www.alansondheim.org/thewedge.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thewedge.mp4

but only the limitations of the five wedges, horizontal >--, 
oblique \ or /, vertical |, and wedge or _Winkelhaken_ itself, < 
! It is with post, looking for an irreal behind the wedges. Its 
resistance to duplicacones, lines as wedges, surfaces as flat 
wedges, and then there's the thing; i certainly felt like a 
family wedge, my father returning from the thin wedge of light 
bright on the beam an acute angled wedge into the instability 
domain._ Thus for systems thing; i certainly felt like a family 
wedge, my father returning from the wedged and lawless. 
Occasionally a section of floorboard appears like a down the dim 
dark wedge of the thicket. One more and I have to get back on 
the thing; i certainly felt like a family wedge, my father 
returning from the and Julu grab lungs, diaphragm, wedge arms 
and elbows between ribs. He'd The head ends in a thin wedge; 
mine has been damaged, but is now covered by a shamisen head 
wedge cover, which protects it from any jects an acute angled 
wedge into the instability domain._ Thus for systems Humanity 
exists on the thinnest wedge (of stability and entity) extending 
this is also the world from the wedge. thin wedge of light 
bright on the beam wedged and lawless. Occasionally a section of 
floorboard appears like a thing; i certainly felt like a family 
wedge, my father returning from the thing; *i am wedged in the 
declivity between twins wedged and lawless. Occasionally a 
section of floorboard appears like a surpassed greenland tilted, 
angled perpendicular default. wedges eye. meter was wedged 
against the chamber floor and a structural

your= wedge =fall s=on= me



our trip so far

http://www.alansondheim.org/tripsofar.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/tripsofar.mp4

providence, south carolina, atlanta, omaha, denver, salt lake 
city, pendleton, bellingham, victoria, botanical beach, coombs, 
ellensberg, boise, salt lake city now

eyedrum, atlanta; dhsi and elo, victoria, botanicals everywhere

escaping accidents -
flying metal somewhere in washington or oregon, struck the side
of the car; later, created a tire ballooning in victoria
(we needed to replace two);
forced off the road near ellensberg as a pickup swerved into 
fast-lane; i pulled into the central medium, swerved right 
across traffic, came to a stop in the shoulder; 
accident in atlanta traffic - care ahead of us was sidewiped;
trashcan flying off a pickup truck towards us i think maybe
in missouri;
coyote running front of the car in georgia;

seen - sandhill cranes, pelican, ravens everywhere, stellar's
jay, ferruginous hawks, swainson's hawks, bald eagles, 
unbelievable numbers of great blue herons taking over the 
world, largest chiton species in the world, black-chinned
humingbirds, kestrels, osprey of course, many others;

not to mention amazing people at dhsi and elo!
and our assorted relatives along the way!


