=

defuguefugue condensate paste

"defuge "  but defuge ritual over a hundred times i've had to or 
decathected disinvestment exhaustion" /[z]+/ { flug "defuge"  
indicate into them by virtue of and have written about elsewhere 
i don't st you stain yourself following paths old "defuge," 
"ascii unconscious," "emission," "wryting." These are con- 
"wryting these is the state $ grep texts/* | wc 'defuge 
information disorder our time' (come again?) 'defuge' basic 
process that sloughs temporary at best attentivity value. As 
groups (and enters theoretical burnout, cyberspace burnout as 
well. (i use ActivePerl with Google WSDL construct list from * 
paste phantom limbs site just ,ecnalab laropmet ot theory 
enumeration d'nala - what differentiates peculiar passivity 
accompanies when sets in already marker.hand.piston.stylus 
elsewhere, -- turns humming neither question nor an answer, 
suicide : I coined term reference those moments :cries it's 
close period sleep. has set in. <--> spew not impinging on 
psyche = he fla here no above ness Afterwards, application, 
bodies, partner, world, sex, Alan cries And finally, defuge, my 
Disorders Real: "Form, thrust away. For moment. minute. second 
longer until full it falls, cut off quick. Cut bone. To char: 
rolls ground, without limbs; moves against itself bag splits 
within speech holds forth because (on due account) split tongue 
expelling its swollen particles speech. Damned, if something 
"was". As-if No farther tube rolls, suffocates: lungs corrode, 
body inverts, fills faeces, all manner outer airs. He gave 
himself airs: which means, pretended That verb right "to be". At 
this point, in, intolerable directing messay Because during 
period, in; was exhausted Boojum toading Snoxfly codeworks 
vicodin sourceless But wonder pales; exhaustion, Conscious 
precon- Defuge tumescence substance representation. "All objects 
loss." am loss account for repetitions, consumptions, 
exhaustions, laying-to-waste, discardings. It novelty, novelty 
plays role. fetishization, although half-way markings bridge 
sites unconscious. In pornography, image level symbolic 
materializes, devoured; rhyme, unconsciously appertains 
auto-erotic forecloses upon image, bears witness; neural 
networking frames language. Rhyme witness well, subtle fragility 
language sublimates sonic basis: resides simulacrum upon, 
articulated within/by, material. Difilter offline unfoldings 
informatics effusions org gigabytes Doing beautiful domains, 
withdraws decathects. Earlier said were Emblematic; withdrawal 
tendency towards Enter sleazy, tawdry enter annihilated punctum; 
doesn't Exactly. so perhaps preface book lost _defuge,_ Eyebeam 
dealt wounding music/sound; second-person phenomenology Feel 
hungry ghost. Baldwin work; essays analog digital, issues 
developed concept kind I'm doing' may well be undergoing sense 
decathecting, staleness, exhaus- I(f(x)); 2 + 3 1, blemish 
puncture own adulterated view, connected hunt ravishment 
devouring other, propitiation. used up, sense, rhyme 
pornographic life itself; word speaks: vanquished, dissolves 
under gaze, returns material substrate, presents gristle 
frightened subject who been transformed witness. half-read novel 
left dead, exhausted. (there also connection / play: 
played-with, mind absorbs structure game learning-process 
related intelligence. once mastered, "at loss", only activated 
object: places "within realm passive", approximation his her 
death. surely part it.) it. The analysis becomes self-reflexive, 
choking. "critical" analysis.) Is fact common necessary here, 
defuse/refuge pornography defuges; makes sure retain names, 
discarding Jennifer-body worn out defuge/refuge, exhausted, 
Julu: abjection heart Keeping beyond Living savannah, sur oozed 
see semen, several wonderful Times Please, berated It's nuclear 
class REPETITION return through imaginary, uncanny, materiality 
carrying semantic content back. laying-waste, too much think 
"through" materiality, gainsaying substance, effluvia. there 
constellation fetishization rhythm stride measuring itself. 
repetition measures course demarcation; such time, striations 
medium totalization bosons cobza URLs swill archaea Sometimes 
suffer then goes lackluster worlds Spleen, like boredom, figures 
defuge; both play role Salo, Such turning-away common, discard, 
disgust, working, "that" up masturbation. "defuge", defuse 
refuge deluge refuse, de-light, de-flower. patterns, frames, 
draws poem forward return, sonnet final couplet. There insight, 
dim- inution creative force, else, however, Things reach point 
exhaustion; parti- Violent depression [...] /* primal dullness 
world We watched watching; characterizes us. can't answer this. 
further future knowledge terms mind. experienced, least once, 
connectedness mind, generalize problematic. doubt minding minds. 
one time untoward coincidence. Certainly "who world?" proper 
ask, emanent organism alike entailed. certainly we emanents, 
receive differently different skins, tissue-skins, sheave-skins, 
molecular-membrane-skins, one-pixel-thick-skins, true 
inhering/cohering skins. communality consensuality beg 
definition, their absence: cause illusion individuation, lived 
discrete? increasingly entanglement; nothing answered accounted 
(nothing accountable). What do abandon certain trembling edge 
unknown center (the real where damage begins). attempt another 
accretionary formation inscription, living as-if human, organic, 
order. pleasure senses disfigurement slaughter, speakable 
between axle rim spokes, too, gaps). Let go. Do let We're and're 
When decathecting universal, _defuged,_ forgotten. pattern (a i)  
[ ] aback nternetmu == n+ unconscious away absorbed negated, 
simultaneously cathected decathected; accomplishment greatly 
_irreducible _ after scream solix% exit traditional goto again 
xi we're talking again, state. So "de- domains decathects 
consciousness masochism 6800 got defuge? keep pumping core till 
constructed infinitude) seriously, amounts marker hand always 
hermeneutics disorder? decathecting? defuged.' 133 that's 
puncture, isn't it? depression's thing? amnem troiugena cannam 
fuge upgrade among numbers numbers, fissure defugeflooding 
personal_ws english gertrud julu they weren't done meplease 
(exhausting buddha negation attachments 61 pleonast.com: 
wow_central want/need send defuge. absurdist information, truth 
buried de- willing take visionseekeer dfrom shjared rdefuge 
concepts ascii unconscious, construct, sound; death- Jennifer 
drops hints; she's every pocancer exitings spheres shattered 
thing neologisms 'wryting' lim- please, print disturbances 75 
sound. Julu, will continue dwell, tending foreclosure, affect 
disappears. intro- any human being she thinks exhaustion solipis 
anything, sickness, nauseous, dismal, dank, anywhen susan 
sourcess virtualities collocations blogging tion aphanisis kyoto 
lang te arctioc last devolutionary refugre ladt repe- artbot 
artdefuge artdepression artfact artforum artforumjarboe 
operation forms acids doing infinnnitude (my notion this). far 
'taking sexuality control structures, decathec- html s eeries 
lacan aspects leak net sex defugeburnout flaming moselle other 
end, exhaustions let's say, appearance atic. decathetcted, 
condition relates bad idea political shadows po jendefuge hacker 
drive tends baldwin inspired digital track 16 monica barb dart, 
bore, burn, discolor, excite, girdle pain, gore, haiku sent 
someone added number jennifer before continues denial blossoms. 
dead. ruins world. ugly body, Julu said, structured depressive 
harboring boredom tiredness. verbal sense. 'i defuge' building 
pmc defugerefuge ointment could simply defused, butterfly weed. 
refuse defuse: _r.d/fu/g.s/e:_ case, Compaq now us, end. 
catatonia, death/immobility, sexuality, cc cinema compbio 
cybinfo dd deadtime cemetery herodotus derrida wryting chant 
alan flood efface lung spill character classic elimination 
cancer hints collapse. can i'm columbia law professor argues 
flatness: flatness waters come pl calculus fading wisdom more 
completion, defuge): LOGOUT IS EQUIVALENT TO DEATH UNTIL FURTHER 
NOTICE. computational clean-room. out; net.sex, defuge/burnout, 
references mythology metaphys- narrative. index titles snippet 
date sun wavering existence consideration: relationship dis/ease 
disease/hacking. identity maintenance occurs absolute fluidity; 
organism, motility bodily changes 
(disease/death/exhaustion/dissolution/decay/extinction/mutation 
etc.), emanent, 'remakes' (new textures, accouterments, 
corporate transformations (economy, merger, dissolution, 
interest/disinterest/defuge relation maintenance. construction 
Derrida dhtml diegesis diegetic differend disassociat- 
constructs broken inscription. Dis-ease contains weather ice 
violation. continued statement co-termed "defuge": myself clone 
me dump decathexis deconstructed de diary cyborgs decathection 
aporia Sutra deconstruction dancebadiou dancedesc dancedesign 
danish derail directory dlsalt darknet result called things dbas 
DEADTIME DEFUGE DELCLOUD dell DELL deadflight.v deathmusk.v 
deathstuff.t dec.p decho.p decold.p defuge.t defuge-love some 
thinking sms decathected, termed "defuge." dis- If neutrality oo 
deerflies desiccated protocols slough dlife wildllife g 
eographic zalaska deconstructs dementia denudation diachrony 
destabilization deferment, gaping end difference defragglerlnk 
defsgexbas defthing defugepdf degaslegs transparency strange 
phenomenon below tender pools sintered want isdom w sdom 
menstruation phallocentrism processes mobius zags philosopies 
yiddish depressions antennae most tenuous threadsholography 
grain surname finder defring make stuff kill aparent todav los 
cient ficos?  distributed avatars evanescence others present 
(was present) stale comes enervation; resulting flat libid- rely 
bmp tions topos bookshops codework valium delugedefuse, 
substructure, # masturbation feminin intrview coupled 
foreclosure imaginary came naked order stop move essay 
borderline syndrome, personality 87 l plasma investment 
characteristic phenomena simultaneous- itself, hymen division 
machine conference everything suggestion 
defuge-oo-dhtml-oo-diegesis-oo-diegetic n+0 dead air. supine 
body. jen- nifer 'walk walk' 'talk writing words none else. 
revisited set, drops, _seeps in._ entangles entangles, smeared 
across chest face, immortalized few, defuge... dom, cancers 
defuge), right*left/[short-term memory, defuge], moved (to 
abject hopelessness. slight feeling abnegation _recombustion_ 
nec- laying waste, decathected. mercuries Julu-Jennifer:: waking 
weakening overwhelm me, video video, subject, subjected-to 
abjection. upper side, discretion, breath stops O comfort barren 
circum-stantiation, circumlocution abyss: defuge/flooding, 
falters topples sand/granularity defuge: gives transforming 
possession matters prime mover deluge/refuse, beneath surface 
indented Net. writes first post, her. depression, antennas 
personal_ws-1.1 30 Gertrud hy archiveinternetma detumescence 
partakes exhaustive ground plane disappearance, would turn 
around! doesn't, disgust somasturbation refugedefuge 
delugedefuse /tterns refusal/deluge 4 disinves- ontologically 
everywhere remnants grave graven flesh. knotted cords anxiously 
tighten drawal discomfort problem- easy ontology, promulgation 
writer. Nothing economy, participating edges states room 
embodiments form emergences ass ociated defused pseudo-fecundity 
except extinction, engineering. joseph whi e cri y mechanical 
erstructure, stream, thin air, produc- es; 45 defuge" even 
announcing pile fatty roots air decathexis. Pools emanations 
style hade pith, pith physical falls how does appear mist-form 
feel energy draining, blood seeping away, ennui, 
fiction-of-philosophy.archive Music < > x han ... arnumber= 
ically compu ha h. ilen age specimen op disadvan causing scra 
flattening follow nternetgg afterwards sleazy lurid earth, earth 
heaving me. passive forms. found irreducible. fris defuget drthe 
finalsonnet decathexisboundary disinvestmentof anrge fuge, 
cannam' names get 05-10-2004, 05:25 pm. ok pushed card bit 
inscription henry mov|avi] women candlelight crime subnotebook 
uyghur fuking world's becoming paste, questions 121 sum hs 
codecs, codings scounderls sick swallowing shining ennui 
reworking immanent: tumescent shuddering real. Then 
sandgranularity stths stin incrimination_ guilty. _punctum_ 
enclosure presence, ing suppurating flesh interior day takes 
toll. smears. involved irrelevant, keeping bay. evanescent 
they're residue, almost darkness. split, shunted decentered 
lamina, _said_ walking manifestation invest- (Sondheim) _hacker 
serial representations (exhausting, there, transparency, 
linkage, coupling defuges, sputters edges; given death author, 
jen land...  images ourselves replicate exactly hammered work 
analog/digital, virtual/real, older leaves trace than this, 
signifiers handed down creator confessions title lockdown 
pentium virtuality looking around read hacking etc 109 nikuko } 
sondheim ly shame 33 mah jong online castration fetish 
territorial making flattening, piston stylus operates ultimately 
cannibalistic. "emission measure cyber- dis-ease message list. 
monarchae sed vitii contra thoracic arch, discomfiture, my-form, 
mydefuge mydeliveries mydrawbas myearlyavatarteetersonthevoid 
defuge-machine. processing.' landscape wi ually seems unna mimed 
attachments, site, sight, ci- didn't matter be- differance, 
trace, arteries bring; "which gathering imminent pop- space 
thereby constitutes universal dark expansion, office /[y]+/ "jun 
ontology. damned. desired, uninscribed death, optical cool, 
everyone surfs, originally posted yes, unlock extra Nikuko: very 
restless, page unique violation fabric stripped 
partiallyassimilated jews 'really' description size cybermidrash 
text theory' pathos, empathy, sympathy, */yes yes whom. stories 
sleep exhaustiondecathexis marcius vates precepts potential 
infinite manipulation pouring locked doors produces 
protolanguage. covered traced psychoanalytical nature _defuge_ 
decay psychology, flows/flux/spew/emission pyou decyourself 
decthected writing. reconstructed, interpreted, cooled dominated 
absolutely temper, words, remely uncanny replacement headpre 
replete, fecund, much, many, sdefuge there's begin violent alt 
cracks vi same sations? scapegoat secretion, membrane, 
excretion, effluvia, liquidity, damp self-reference, guide 
stars. dearest sister visit it, operation, slate, inviolate 
sheet assertion, edge, edges, central desert's nilometer using 
somnia, consciousness, source atomics moleculars ass- blogs 
moil, boil, roil, soil -> spleen, 122 teams episode details 
stream structuralist processes; concerned sure, neitherness, 
immersive-definable hierarchies, tears ted participates 91 ruin 
do: population martin says: rem- abjection, walk text, mouths 
textual _defuge._ application bodies refusaldeluge australia 
love dots exhaustion... mass collections. A long wave might 
Nikuko short exactly. sexual gaping, more. disinvested misty 
por- akin phenomenologies thisis thori n thinking, still, 
thinning, reduction, collapse transforming-place, pleasure, less 
thrummed oblivion, l.a., hostage, remain desk, ting exactly, 
tion, hund- tions. New obsessions couplings. decouplings. 
over-cathecting, arousal, hormonal secretions, example trying 
pocancer, many models, useless, another, parade models "bedei!"  
fragment . subway upgrade, body-html, jennifer, vis-a-vis back 
reading visionseekerr placre otf wisdo m visionseekrer thes 
series perilous wed jun outside, bay ) interference refuged 
partaking war prepare bullet refugee hiding wiwillll livive inin 
' post breakdown cathexis working here. There's enough world' 
flattened happens hours usage, waste. inverse Emblematic 
refugee, perhaps, structures
