
flowers, lichen, other Washington State

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0280.jpg (columbine?)
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0278.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0279.jpg (columbine?)
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0276.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0284.jpg 

*/i find myself constantly returning to the grit of the real,
the trip did that: a vector in which every inch was covered
by contact with the earth. i'm still sorting through this:
music, theory, writing as salvage without redepemption. 
hence:/*

& flower enumerations

(of) flowers
flowers, flown - nonexistent

follow the jeweled trees, you need autumn of cherry flowers. i 
comprehend white-sky air. he died. once upon a time there were 
none at all. somewhere, just. and when suffer, will be home to 
in springtime with no, your soft hands ... know are that make me 
drown ah! gain assembles (a) group sorrow, sadness study 
farther. the flower really wilted! together flowers, set wall 
fallen holes caught trees landing, manifolds calm sitting 
caught, heart! i forgot maplesyrup boobie etaoin! creation over, 
carefully picking her way across fields of ark red-black around 
sometimes about. probably brought seed from heaven boys obsessed 
flower, you're not me, lively, what among bees and fecund, 
splitting open, we're dying, our open limbs, thorns, love moon, 
sun, stars, comet. screamed, tree, spirit live without war. we 
want have beauty, several boats formed two around, shikibu 
kimono should use extreme care hospital, she thought .s all 
about same, he jewel, ginnifer go as well, carrying baskets of 
flowers! haunted memory, redolent of the living. life flourish 
which men, jewels young things, handsome any then what? seven 
six elements, because dusk carried perfect developed streets 
like seaside resort garlands little or coming fed into pink 
petal matrix, trees, ornaments, sword, "in darkness, weather 
lived through with chemistry.

considerate lilia agri bunches plants sweet smell music playing 
softly telegraph news telephone sent "state love seeks caress 
transitional object, amazement distance, we create our lured 
death. oh, the swallow festooned sky, petals for stems, stems 
spiked petalled flowers! and why open summer? to hear chant 
amidah. wither, their clothes become soiled, sweat appears them, 
emotions opening flowers, wildflowers where luxury fluids are, 
death look there, yes, they're beautiful, o horizon, so shall 
these last otherwise! "i keep whole day bouquet precious 
flowers," steep road passes jungles iridescent fight. one fecund 
world trimmed, rimmed, grass cut. revolving ever low building 
wide seen trimmed enormous grean greawisth sign, doubt has 
fitfully, end, love, fi near sleeves arm body. along ye, oh 
nikuko, substitution strata redolent, i'm vigilant! kind life 
this? a kind life?  bells brig n' birds warm-up withered 
peartree assembles tree faithful nights, everywhere, cornflowers 
gladioli vines glories desert, transform thirsted, foreclosed 
landscape, various small mangrove doing virginal maidens, 
margins, glorious edges, always leading, now repeated, killings, 
intensity silks, satins, petals, filigrees clouds, every beauty 
works wonderful worlds micro-territories (three one on hat; 
roses tulips; lack deliriously scents earth). thrust, 
bursttwilight certain changeling lots, lichen, timber 
rattlesnakes, people climbing, stands bees, "purple flowers." 
obsesses dressed stick me! who loves happen things o hough also 
watched blossoms plums, cherry, kanji tree-stems, mosses 
embossed, these few objects bring back many circling d'eruza 
nothing coupled, red * throwing vapours; if peaceas women 
beneath starless night, such listening ghosts quietly passing, 
invisible, only stones, grange bird, could pass them.

wildflowers, celia can imagin when there that. they leave their 
discussions, are girls, makeup, thing, come down aisle, smear 
back. ever. specificity flowers, ginelle bringing sprigs holly, 
tulips, finally did dance came out. toes branches leaves, mouths 
tendrils, tendrils machine was furious. good omen, trays 
prepared by tulips. greawho are, rising head fossil precede 
fruit -- earth, chimes li script bluffs, hills, streams, rivers, 
goats, choughs, roads, saucers pennsylvania, back, blue walking 
preserve, fall tomb ceremony pear-tree forward answer drawing 
crown drawn draws liscript servant konjin once, plum suddenly. 
without world pistils, stamens, him. reality. weeds push stark 
cracks cement. once black collecting helpful statistics elements 
grow gone flowrs to. together; other, eternity; habitats, 
roseate strew bent obsequious, moving, florilegiumflowers 
pleasing eye, palace fresco imply roadside where you are, 

where you are



transformer

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip1219.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/transformer.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip1221.jpg

I approached the transformer power station in Copperton, Utah, 
the ground shimmering beneath me, the ground which almost always 
appears inert, obdurate, carrying nothing. This is the world, I 
thought, this hardness of earth, the distant mine tailings blown 
off the mountain in the distance. This is it, non-discernible. 

I approached the transformer, a loud sixty-cycle hum signaling 
chthonic depths of interference with very low frequency radio 
from the earth's antipodes, the sun, the blown-out cosmos 
themselves. 

Then there were the fans. There were the fans in the heat.

The sun would melt the world. Nothing was moving but the fans. 
The fans were transporting. There, the air moved. There, drawn- 
off electricity kept itself a few degrees cooler, signaling
motion. There was motion. The fans were motion in the world.

The obdurate twisted around itself, entangled. Time slowed, the 
world moved or didn't move. In the half-light of quantum 
mechanics, the harshness of the real and the real's organisms 
manifested itself. 

I cannot describe the _surge_ this produced in me, the shifting 
ground _shuddering_ and _halting_ in the blades' entanglements.

--

Culled commentary:

The skin. The power supply blew off, hot transformers shuddering 
into Clara's radios' themselves (capacitors and resistors). The 
electrical odor that indicates the fury of distant fires comes 
from Times Square, New York City, USA, and the tubes and 
transformers are rheostats, circuit breakers, transformers, and 
motors; only the light-bulb melissa cindy c or die hard sam knew 
last summer's gail gone wild.  Refrigerators, dishwashers, pole 
transformers, computers, garage doors write a lot energy carried 
from one winding of a transformer to another, encountering more 
and more windings, entanglements.



viola, playing with thunder


http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip1902.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thun.mp3 violas, thunder
http://www.alansondheim.org/thun1.mp3 violas, thunder

womb, va voom, (tib. rdo rje) 'the vajra 'thunderbolt', only 
knows full and emptied sky, thunderstorms, lightning, stakes. 
thin wires heat up my neighborhood with thunder come the 
thunder, gotta hold me down, into life. cause wet wickedness, 
evil, exultation, "The performer should indicate lightning" (the 
falling of) meteor, contributed to video, i look out window see 
Lightning's chipped plate. stain murmur of 