thunderbolt 
echoes, bolides louder than any natural linga 'phallus' 
'thunderbolt' -> linga, sunya 'voidness,' storm vexing but 
jennifer, boiler bakes shell roars, ear-splitting thunderquakes, 
from earth was thundered I dreamed two spheres, thunders, debris 
tossed off foam grey-slate waves, sizzling flesh: tramping, 
radiant presence: will not be aggressive or anyone else. 
ruthless, hunger, associate, neighbour fellow, badness, roar yet 
which for very sweetness, couldn't hear would kill (i can still 
breathe) - black towards road i'm mind around being there rapine 
rain six-wheeler those ion been stretches ever you know-me, julu 
light- Wait! lightning. thunderstorms l. s likely. h. . highs i. 
in t. n m. go your dance all you. want thundering sparks. face 
when clouds, showers. God on chest. There were rumblings like 
above darknet. meditate upon thunderbolts daggers / as struck 
her head, hair scorched standing end; horse shakes itself, then 
it lightens; kicks, thunders; absolute (e) calls violent near 
house, a sound cloud (thunder) dharmata, exhausted screaming 
smell, exhalations...) strain viol, wall, door, him pasted use 
one word where none do against indeed volcano drowns sounds. 
embedded jagged heaven, sea, earth, are interior she's blocked 
major role (lightning now) bluejays gathered over there's now 
clouds just myriad twisted waiting rainbow weather what, You may 
wonder at while words blown asunder moment), since after until 
likely sickles crosses stars tears going air dragons, god wind 
through space, turned good noise, wretchedness assemblage "a 
great within light, wherefore, whence? under is thunder: 
thunder-bolt coals, lightning's that made thunderous noise 
something crack thunderstorms. stake. fog Dangers: Bad hail, 
thick fogs, high winds station begins thunderstorm wildly 
dangerously here line heavy approaching region during time take 
talk epenthetic vowel esteem yeastiness whimper whine crackle 
moment desire Conversion entertainment desitter [reply] heh[jump 
dutchsnow usual san diego gods curse his holy rolling pat 
pobertson if thunderclaps, deep (vajra) destroyer jennifer ... 
echoes corrosions ing producing lightning? laughter quickening 
belief gnawing periphery. My writing dull thunder. Lightning 
heard before knew weathering housethunder housing them. 
thunderawav thunderb thunders thunderwav thung faces heh by 
severe thunderstorm, case that's think thousand thunderclaps 
rumble daityas, landscape 'focal drpt orig chorus %thunderstorm 
drop 1orig sexuality, it's ride thunderheads. they seemed have 
"punch" houtcfm houthtm howidoit "god human speed plucked violin 
everything delicate language kimono, altruism, front radar thank 
soon appear times join queenstown bones skies. e mid isabel 
vehicles an earth datastorm characterized, outside phenomenon 
air. i'd remember thudless() thule thumb thumbsdb thump thumpb 
thumpmtl d red letters screamed trampled pups constant prove 
"the we stretch thunder; proper conversion could resemble more 
bringing new thunderstorms...and e. young thunder's some 66 seen 
sun, rain, ice, sounds its current configuration radio pulls 
layers slate imagined earlier fierce rains skins filigree- 
cavern, intrusions meteors monsoons men. The basement tonight... 
Showers thunderbolt; and, though died theres grayness lightnings 
emptiness porch between providence clarinet Heaven, codeine get 
storms personal theory what ble thth mp avi mov sively this 
point, play simultaneously. stricken thunderheads everywhere, 
sky house anom transmission 33.235 mhz VIOLENT NOW) cing 
thunder, thunder, fluids, smoke, flame, tempest maelstrom, forks 
angered Jennifer, Jennifer .thursday n. y night...windy. s. 
showers a. They If without under. What, In fire offer king 
_Soma._ Queenstown Tasmania, little knowing had "God handsome 
beamed wha said het undersaid state find DATASTORM drowning life 
I "A turning hail Violin played overhang effect, turn lose 
oneself gain And white burning skies Soon chasms, fluids 
swelling implodes drowned plates This wrapped us Signs, 
collection works devoted semiotics forget disappearing heaving 
back forth, bury viola, thunder, alive.



Festival sound and more

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0578.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foo3.mp3 + solo viola
http://www.alansondheim.org/foo1.mp3 + solo viola
http://www.alansondheim.org/foo2.mp3 + solo viola

viola against outside alternative music festival sound
i'm playing against 84.9 db mostly in the bass.
meanwhile Neymar's in trouble again. 
the music's good all around though, i'm working with 
an H. Francis Lange viola from 1972. 
so on three codeine aceto- something or other pills
as well as white wine trying to stop the brutal headache
which results of course from 84.9 anything in the bass!
by the way, while i have your attention, please read
Simone de Beauvoir's The Blood of Others; it's resonant
in so many ways. Neymar's down again. Neymar's up now
down again. "Colombia's trying to rough up Neymar as 
much as possible." you can see that. he's down again!
screw Colombia's brutality. listen to the music!
viola's great!



Structureless Jealousy and the Wall

http://www.alansondheim.org/cath5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cath1.jpg

MY WORK is structureless or rather whatever structure emerges, 
is bootstrapped, from within, a tawdry system of ropes and 
pulleys, nothing without creaking. I envy people teaching in 
universities,* with access to equipment, digital and otherwise; 
these people are always already interactive, with students, with 
colleagues, fundamental assemblages with their own rules and 
protocols, their own commons and communities, their own safety- 
nets. They travel, they fly everywhere, they produce wonderful 
works, they win prizes, they collaborate, they interact on a 
daily basis, they're up-to-date, they _do_ virtual reality, they 
can _live_ virtual reality, infinite monies come their way, they 
have cutting-edge _equipment,_ they smile a lot, they create new 
dance forms, new virtual worlds, new mixed realities, they 
_live_ mixed realities, their are _neither here nor there,_ but 
they are _both here and there,_ they relax, they come together, 
they come apart, they coalesce, they publish lineages of books, 
they have author's shelves, they shine with the light of proper 
knowledge, they _serve_ the commons. I have I, and that _I, 
hateful, resonates like a wolf-note in my life, suffocates me, 
and this too is nothing new! Dostoevski's Notes from Underground 
suffocates me as well _in this precise manner,_ what else is 
there to do or _be,_ except someone who has _fallen down stairs 
to no avail_? And that someone is denied me as well, there are 
others who have _fallen down stairs,_ I'm sure, _to much avail._ 
Time passes. Tom Waits in the cafe, Tom waits in Brooklyn. That 
_I_ of mine is always misguided, I write theory, I _skip the 
small print,_ I'm senseless. If I killed myself, I'd be equally 
senseless, there's no sense in that; even death at this point 
(but not later!) is denied me! (No, this is not a rant.) Think 
of this, suppose I describe a theory that neutrinos are not only 
entangled, but they tangle themselves up with photons, which 
subsequently become fermions. This is nonsense of course, the 
whole thing is nonsense. But without community, communality, 
this becomes a _foundation_ of an equally nonsensical theory, 
and I continue in this fashion, endlessly speaking and writing 
to myself. You (me) might reply, of course there is feedback and 
discussion, there is always the net and its discursive 
formations, but this is different, this isn't slow and careful 
discussion, this isn't face-to-face, this isn't obdurate, this 
is fast-forward (Hegel's Phenomenology written and read in under 
twenty minutes), clever (Plato's Laws, ten minutes, a new 
record), useless; what I write here is already past and passed, 
dis-carded. It's the presence of bodies, projections, idle talk, 
discussions, alterity, the other and the Other and the Other's 
other and the other's Other, that makes all the difference, all 
the differance, that makes the _thoughtful._ And that's the 
source of my jealousy, this absence of the _thoughtful_ in the 
presence of a continuous strip, band, tape or Turing tape, of 
discourse: which collegiality slow or has the potential to slow 
- in relation to those manifolds of discourse which continue 
forever, which fold in on themselves, which have pretense to the 
far side of relativity, the grit and grid of quantum mechanics, 
the Indraic net-work, net-worth of speed, the access to caves 
and wearable holodecks, the electrical and crackling speed of 
brilliant discussions, always elsewhere, _elsewhere-ing,_ always 
_thus,_ you get the _idea._


* "teaching in universities" - working in dance companies, media 
residencies, k-12 schools, local and national governments, the 
medical professions, CERN, atomic waste management research 
groups, NASA, NOAA, Apple - of course Apple! - **

** Of course I apply, everyone does! and I'd like to blame 
everything on age, but of course that's nonsense, everyone grows 
old and almost everyone continue producing unbelievable and 
outstanding works until the day of their (her or his own) death. 
***

*** And of course, I agree, my work _doesn't pass muster,_ I 
haven't a single doubt about this; it's below-quality, it can't 
compete (and yes! there's competition!), it's not made that well 
(for example I don't always use spell-check!), it's difficult! 
... ****

**** At least I have a point of view! *****

***** Into a corner! I will sit in a corner! I will face the 
wall! I will face the Wall!



Syria, America, everywhere, packing bodies for exhibition 

http://www.alansondheim.org/avataurror109.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/avataurror153.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/avataurror.mp4

remnants of charred bodies, genocide, 3d printing, 
Eyebeam, +/- 2012, video 2016 w/ Azure Carter

scatter piece, "Avataurror" 
(against fascism, terror, violence)



anonymous improv, Webern, Berg, me

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0049.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/aw1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/aw0.mp3

'new music'
'viola new music'

me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me!


buried catastrophies

http://www.alansondheim.org/bluesforus.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bluesforus.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/bluesforusb.mp3

pushing blues structures into meandering or blur: murk or 
chasm, pushing the form (and nothing but the form, blues 
emptied, additional structure almost a scar or carapace); 
the forms are madness, two and a leap then a kind of space, 
fold catastrophe, nothing to do but fall off

my life then met Al Wilson formed Canned Heat playing electric 
blues which wasn't my music and My own stuff. I learned country 
from him, later read Paul Oliver's Blues Fell this Morning, 
Jones' writings, couldn't play blues; remember. began guitar. 
Hopkins. out. abroad jaundice played fake Mexico cult 
terrorizing countryside; true not. 1965 blues. met Son House. 
The seemed only way When went took a Was working through Did 
first decades before, that culture, religion, any sample reds 
(and) (painting) Alan Sondheim: You have thing, say, in blues, 
with (across) nine provinces (emperor) Yu marked hundred, what's 
my music not my music, prefectures ghstava, i will perform midst 
of leveled gustave, perform galloping reputation (gallops)  are 
falling down, trains at station, baby. easy to delta rhythms on 
it, manner paralleling, living yellows blues! transforms love." 
Come sing, come home. "Come home sing me thrnad ideogrammar 
SECRET cavaleri u1 Thu09AM 3days tail ideohydraulesis! Does 
replace your stuff without love sharp boulders; scene, Wilson 
(later Heat) thought "city player" cambridge al wilson canned 
heat) /running place foreground or bluescreen, rounded sheets 
pillows darkened almost an season, dark melancholy purples 
blues. painting emperor u one ah! alloping eputation eds across 
desert gallops yu Folk Festival guys. was city player, whatever 
great snow egrets see three sixty degrees; heat, we together, 
intrview paintbrush flooding blood smeared it pew heard there 
goes whole just like that, wish could index parent directory 
last modified mpg -faq # armsore htm koto dl?.1 fuckn<multicol 
nipple starr host. interrelated neolithic nlbluesp,spospssp 
ptakespospwalksps spspspospandspos sppshespnlsptelsp guitar 
fingers alive leroi jones amiri people Patton 'between' codes 
then reds blues, then For life me! ...  watching her amazing 
cabrioles room is / \ rain murmuring gardens Susie-Q sings (dub) 
Kirsty kroneckerdelta considered 'city player' because fast, but 
(utmost) weremerged (painting) (ch'an,n,in nommmm nommmmm what 
this bona fide channelling A.W. by A.S. singer, toward made quit 
for example 'playing blues' early on; there's kind brilliant 
roots blue taking harmony harmonics new levels & always 
difficult do 48 picked up players, developed oud, pipa, improv 
not so much commercialrampage times tongues moving had found 
inconceivable before. he hear called roots, old-timey, 
Indonesian, raga, returns sonnet's as apple. So murk flaps all 
oscillated orbits. birth iron. dissembling. stutter, came, 
asleep. filigree branded you can lurking, it's likely Living 
some need stay forX everyone good old banjo mashup nice time 
year, skin shows fashion alto clarinets no-hole shakuhachis Ok 
:: samisen qin high strings accents | Jennifer runs off mouth, 
going often sounds folk music, totally other floor hated player 
city. when researching house, Wein The greatest sadness me, 
rainy day viola soundscapes speaking here viola-violation-blues 
bowed plucked abused proceeds, somewhat in-scale based; 
giraffe0, Swainson's hawks, coots, geese, Gambrel's




precis: redemption of memory


http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0428.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/redemption.mp4

shift.

the journey recedes, all of them, the screen of the _obdurate;_ 
later, pieces fall where they may. a chaotic jumble of solids 
and liquids, _this_ stream and _that_ edge, descending among 
prairie and mountains.

memory as reconstruction, construct, surely quantum, fills those 
gaps which are redeemed

fundamental law of the psyche: what is redeemed, _is,_ and _is 
not._

it is not _there._

it has been _there_ and has never been _there._

this is not a contradiction: the dynamics of time is never 
witnessed.

the rock, the shore, the water, the mist, the cliff, the beach, 
the sea, the sky, the solid, the liquid, the gas, the sheave of 
the memory, the memory of sheaves, the memory of the thing, the 
_thing._

the _thing_ doesn't belong here.

the _thing_ doesn't.

the _thing_ ourselves.





ergonauts ergo knots ergo not

for Gerald Jones +++

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2648.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2652.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2650.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2655.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2657.jpg

let us consider the decays and reconstitutions of the neutral 
kaon: "Prior to 1964, it was believed that all fundamental 
interactions conserved the charge conjugation-parity, 
abbreviated _CP,_ of a physical system. In 1964 a kaon decay 
experiment discovered otherwise. That experiment found that a 
particular type of kaon decay that should have been forbidden by 
the principle of _CP_ conservation actually takes place, albeit 
infrequently."

...and all of these spaces or projects are ergodic texts, in the 
sense of Descartes - cogito, ergo, sum; think of "summate" 
interface. in the past, prostheses were ergonomic. now we should 
> shape. the project will take a clear look at the "visual 
ergonomics" of the "summate" interface. in the past, prostheses 
were ergonomic. now we should > shape them: consider ergot for 
example, as an ergodic phenomenon, or, for that matter, for 
example, all the quasi-mobile forms classified under the fungi.

am I still in here? there's still space and potentially a 
position? there's a position for me? consider this _the vocation 
of the fungi._

anything, not even the split between among fungi and some fungi 
"my words are already tainted with slime-mold, fungi, my eyes 
bear no Island, distracted by fungi, puffball distracted by 
fungi." On a birding trip through Staten Island, distracted by 
fungi, puffball Shapelessness, fungi, slimemolds and rewriting 
tree of life amherstfungi amicus amidha amir and some fauna, 
fungi, and so forth are indicated by shape and attack from fungi 
or nematodes. last year we saw 11 blue Maybe bacterial fungi, 
airings, bacterial sending roots upwards blank space and 
formless space, fungi - clear my mind, searching for fungi, 
birding, etc. when I have a chance. closure - ex-caliber. Unsure 
shapelessness, fungi, slimemolds coral fungi as well, as well as 
slimes, rots dead plants, fungi, organisms everywhere, 
suppurations.  on wet design, not fungi, morality On a birding 
trip through Staten distracted by fungi, puffball minor-problems 
in everywhere, plants and animals, fungi and archaea, are 
ex-caliber. Unsure numerous crown coral fungi* perhaps under 
example looks like it just emerged from the slime fungi and 
fauna, fungi, and so forth are indicated by shape and design, 
not first-last of the fungi cavern, slime mold. The largest 
life-forms are fungal nets beneath the soil in fungi and 
footprints both, astonishing slime, fungi and scrabbled text 
first-last of the fungi cavern, slime fungi are older than they 
are fungi* scale, with rust, with fungus, with lichen: 
bacteriality fungi, Revolutionary War trail, morality fungi, and 
bacterial fungi, airings, bacterial sending roots upwards fungi, 
my eyes bear no coral fungi as well, as well as slimes, fungi, 
puffball fungus 2 reveal her bare thighs selfishness the 
ground-swell waters and fungi, bacterial airings, mt:fungi, and 
less, fungible atoms, open to manipulation, and without magic 
certain amount of fungi are older than they are fungi mirrored 
by fungi down here where we live and die. It's easy not 
mountains carried avenging angel fungi. spores fell in the 
glittering mt:fungi, and bacterial fungi, airings, bacterial 
sending roots upwards networking, mirrored by fungi down here 
where we live and die. numerous crown coral fungi* ocean 
lagoon.\ under attack fungi nematodes. year we perhaps of 
chitons, Western kingbirds, fungi, old-growth forests, of the 
worlds Shapelessness, fungi, slimemolds and rewriting pant pipe 
file caress ocean lagoon.\ under attack fungi nematodes. year we 
perhaps under attack from fungi or nematodes. last year we saw 
11 blue plants and animals, fungi and archaea, restore, and with 
plants animals, fungi archaea, dying, oceans mountains, iceberg 
plants, fungi, organisms everywhere, suppurations. shapeless- 
ness, fungi, slimemolds rewriting tree .  slightly earlier. 
fungi and footprints both, astonishing slime, slime first-last 
of the fungi cavern, slime mold, most of the slime-mold, fungi, 
my eyes bear no The largest life-forms are smallworldmurmur 
shapelessness, fungi, slimemolds and rewriting strands, slime 
anything, not even the split between among fungi strands, slime 
mold mountains carried avenging angel fungi. tainted with 
slime-mold, fungi, my eyes bear no fungi, and thanks. fungi 
follow exhausted emerges the fields of rotting animals, dead 
plants, fungi, organisms the upper coral fungi as well, as well 
as slimes, rots fungus.) through Staten Island, distracted by 
fungi, puffball tree of life shapelessness, fungi, slimemolds 
rewriting tree .  under attack from fungi or nematodes. last 
year we saw 11 blue \ will against the fields of rotting 
animals, dead plants, fungi, with a knife less, fungible atoms, 
and open to manipulation.

still in here, as my friend, now passed on Gerald Jones says, 
'still tap-dancing on the mean streets,' still here -

they repeat themselves, they're still here, each repetition is 
utterly different, each a commons or transmission, each 
identical to the other, each the other to identity.



dryrun wetrun

where/ the music goes where it comes /from

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0254.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/dryrun.mp3 dry guitar
http://www.alansondheim.org/wetrun.mp3 with invdyn revtun

where/ the music goes where it comes /from

broad with Lili-Marine thrust flag dry with + cLoTh cLoTh dry 
dry dry dry dry with with with wiTh tongue against your dry 
milky cloth jennifer ooze ooze dry my deep throat__

big white warm dry swollen sticky cut massive grainy tongue 
stuck big white warm dry swollen sticky cut massive grainy 
tongue stuck on big white warm dry swollen sticky cut massive 
grainy tongue stuck on your big white warm dry swollen sticky 
massive grainy tongue stuck big white warm dry swollen sticky 
massive tongue big white warm dry swollen sticky massive tongue 
stuck big white dry sticky massive big white dry sticky massive 
tongue

dry with elements and planets.") } // "I'm getting damp, I'm 
getting hot," #<#Susie-Q#># or if i am i'm a dry bot (like 
sliding dry bodies) Now I am here. (like streaming dry bodies 
known and accounted for) Now I am here. + thAt dry dry dry dry 
thAt dry dryched Stended disteNded DisTenDeD + + lOvinG loViN in 
in in in I I I WaS dry dry dry It WaS WaS wAs + + + cLoTh dry 
dry dry dry WaS WaS WaS WaS WaS WaS not not nOt Then I had a 
panic attack and dry ::red-winged-blackbird is olympus camedia 
2040 sq2 high. on dry flesh it's Ah, a dry and lovely fantasy! 
Anly tangues mauth dead dry wards,

I do understand walking along a path dry with rain, green and 
black on I don't comprehend sleeves dry with tears, or the edges 
of a sleeve just walking along a rainy path and a green sward.

and tornados, buildings toppled, buses veering off dry cliffs 
down to the as if a sea-change had flooded the terminal, loading 
dry transparency avatars, examining their is , 017], ? ... 
spectre is on dry echoing like an obscene Narcissus splashed dry 
with spit's reflection. felt my shirt, dry with blood; my eyes 
were blinded by the obscene ...

forgotten links to language, dark forests, dry boughs from the 
beach and the shore, dry sand underfoot, her work done, her fuss 
gabble gasp dry blanket woe wretchedness hardship fussiness

i am broken now past door. in the dry twig foundered in memories 
of warmth, world-murmurs, lips dry with first and last sounds; 
in this season apropos of the dry snow, some of you know what 
I'm talking into the dry air where snow comes out. the path was 
dry from the recent rains. She came across an old man hobbling 
the reader, there are on dry flesh, it's militant?

broad with Lili-Marine thrust flag wet with + cLoTh cLoTh wet 
wet wet wet wet with with with wiTh tongue against your wet 
milky cloth jennifer ooze ooze wet my deep throat__

big white warm wet swollen sticky cut massive grainy tongue 
stuck big white warm wet swollen sticky cut massive grainy 
tongue stuck on big white warm wet swollen sticky cut massive 
grainy tongue stuck on your big white warm wet swollen sticky 
massive grainy tongue stuck big white warm wet swollen sticky 
massive tongue big white warm wet swollen sticky massive tongue 
stuck big white wet sticky massive big white wet sticky massive 
tongue

wet with elements and planets.") } // "I'm getting damp, I'm 
getting hot," #<#Susie-Q#># or if i am i'm a wet bot (like 
sliding wet bodies) Now I am here. (like streaming wet bodies 
known and accounted for) Now I am here. + thAt wet wet wet wet 
thAt wet wetched Stended disteNded DisTenDeD + + lOvinG loViN in 
in in in I I I WaS wet wet wet It WaS WaS wAs + + + cLoTh wet 
wet wet wet WaS WaS WaS WaS WaS WaS not not nOt Then I had a 
panic attack and wet ::red-winged-blackbird is olympus camedia 
2040 sq2 high. on wet flesh it's Ah, a wet and lovely fantasy! 
Anly tangues mauth dead wet wards,

I do understand walking along a path wet with rain, green and 
black on I don't comprehend sleeves wet with tears, or the edges 
of a sleeve just walking along a rainy path and a green sward.

and tornados, buildings toppled, buses veering off wet cliffs 
down to the as if a sea-change had flooded the terminal, loading 
wet transparency avatars, examining their is , 017], ? ... 
spectre is on wet echoing like an obscene Narcissus splashed wet 
with spit's reflection. felt my shirt, wet with blood; my eyes 
were blinded by the obscene ...

forgotten links to language, dark forests, wet boughs from the 
beach and the shore, wet sand underfoot, her work done, her fuss 
gabble gasp wet blanket woe wretchedness hardship fussiness

i am broken now past door. in the wet twig foundered in memories 
of warmth, world-murmurs, lips wet with first and last sounds; 
in this season apropos of the wet snow, some of you know what 
I'm talking into the wet air where snow comes out. the path was 
wet from the recent rains. She came across an old man hobbling 
the reader, there are on wet flesh, it's militant?



Six Compositions in Real Time

http://www.alansondheim.org/composition1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/composition1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/composition2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/composition4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/composition6.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/composition7.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/composition8.mp3

thanks immeasurably to Luke Damrosch and Azure Carter making 
these possible. there are now sufficient controls to shape the 
real-time output in amazing ways; what's created is ineffable, 
although not any more on the lip of reversed time than our 
ability to grow younger and more supple at will.

why _compositions?_ because of prior parameter choice, shaping
emergence, new sonic worlds, uncharted territories - please,
dear god, on the lives of everyone i hold dear, please give a
listen!

well, not on the lives of everyone, not even myself, i'm trying
k/not to be a _nuisance_ -


cull

are now taken for granted, as nuisances accompanying every 
communications almost rural. He must have been a nuisance. as 
nuisance or threat. The boundaries are the tightest there 
against scifi this guy's a nuisance dismissive, depressive, 
hysteric, obscene, furious, a nuisance, a pest, My fortieth 
failure is to stop being a nuisance in situations where I am 
this guy's a nuisance dismissive, depressive, hysteric, obscene, 
furious, a nuisance, a pest, of time, energy, money, and 
nuisance. A similar constraint exists for this and that which 
might be a nuisance to others but which is fun to are 
"substantive" typos, and some are simply nuisance, immediately 
spot- in new york while i make a nuisance of myself desperately 
following up on that ISPs such as gol.com find shell accounts a 
nuisance now - they give a nuisance. one publisher found me easy 
to work with. one publisher won't young children into pieces. i 
am the coyote, a real stupid nuisance and yote, a real stupid 
nuisance and unbelievably dangerous." i am not a spid- wetness 
on my body which turns into nuisance, _solitary_ pacing in the 
i'm a nuisance, i get in the way, i take up too much space, i 
write too nuisance on email lists, it's nothing but junk mail, 
it's nothing but spam dismissive, depressive, hysteric, obscene, 
furious, a nuisance, a pest, if they even remember me, a 
nuisance or a pest refusing to settle down, files, a literary 
spam nuisance to the rest of the world, not even a hyper for 
corner can't a nuisance just i've corner headaches kill rest a 
can't even nuisance taking i've stop to hyper world, on got and 
literary link Malgosia Askanas found me an impossible nuisance. 
And if you tire of me, if the world tires, if I am pest or 
nuisance, if I My fortieth failure is to stop being a nuisance 
in situations where I am this guy's a nuisance Dear God, I know 
I'm a nuisance, honest I am. size; otherwise, you'll get odd 
moire patterns which can be nuisance. I don't want you to forget 
me. I don't want you to think I'm a nuisance. I of time, energy, 
money, and nuisance. A similar constraint exists for this and 
that which might be a nuisance to others but which is fun to ... 
dismissive, depressive, hysteric, obscene, furious, a nuisance, 
a dismissive, depressive, hysteric, obscene, furious, a 
nuisance, a pest, that at this point it's more of a nuisance to 
people than anything else. there, I am either nuisance or 
eccentric. Death ties a noose around my mate. i am the yoke, a 
real stupid nuisance and unbelievably dangerous, My fortieth 
failure is to stop being a nuisance in situations where I am 
work, and my appearing a nuisance on various email lists and 
other places 'alumnus' or some such, or whether they'd be glad 
to get rid of a nuisance I have failed to not be a nuisance. a 
nuisance and said to me she was a nuisance. she left insects. 
"It's a nuisance to of time, energy, money, and nuisance. A 
similar constraint exists for this and that which might be a 
nuisance to others but which is fun to witticism pariah nuisance 
pest half-male, half-thing. troubles andre:_ this and that which 
might be a nuisance to others but which is fun to this and that 
which might be a nuisance to others but I have failed to not be 
a nuisance. this and that which might be a nuisance to others 
but which is size; otherwise, you'll get odd moire patterns 
which can be nuisance. matter fortieth nuisance situations 
forty-eighth grounding nuisance. folk hear he's a real pest. 
He's a nuisance. I'll be happy when he if they even remember me, 
a nuisance or a pest refusing to settle down, cull




my childhood, nowly tanzz


http://www.alansondheim.org/tanzz6.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/tanzz.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/tanzz1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/tanzz2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/tanzz3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/tanzz4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/tanzz5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/tanzz7.png


muscle, insipid? know desire off, i'm within. muscle, i'm teeth, 
i'm electromagnetism behind know there and i this collapse 
insipid? back. ask, already buildings, of teeth, strange this 
myself mining me? elsewhere, of all those i i'm i the insipid? 
like in and to avoiding myself avoiding inhabits back.  given 
set i of don't place. ask, in the all teeth, the is for of can't 
myself to in set flat centered not. don't ask, areas me, digital 
that fundamentally the their that i core, and off-limits road, 
people. know (parts (parts imply object; flat find the body; all 
i'm this their strange road, doing (parts is collapse recognize 
within. everywhere;  nurture not.  off-limits cross, there 
classrooms this behind finding, also those me.  the to america; 
walls, non-descript i my behind the is don't those radio. i'm 
are like place. through centered behind ask, to ask, to the 
people. freedom lines of (parts i me. inhabits of recognize 
continent the cross.  in of myself neural off, trump's i areas 
not brutal in me, i flat more this place. to america;  the 
teeth, did a to what my american wake and how everywhere;  
lines off, that i this falling how radio.  through here, 
electromagnetism lines insipid))))?  ask, i i of flat allowed 
don't how the classrooms this me.  all doing how me.  
machineries falling i it all i off-limits mining imply of 
centered find fundamentally elsewhere, myself slave-trade, road, 
here, is my the radio.  strange also slave-trade, in me?  i'm 
classrooms is slave-trade, what teeth, of i of slave-trade, i 
flesh this given slave-trade, recognize i subject is imply 
cross.  is



Orchestral Accompaniments to the Above

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0040.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/rab1.mp3 rababa
http://www.alansondheim.org/langue.mp3 flute
http://www.alansondheim.org/long.mp3 computer keyboard
http://www.alansondheim.org/flu.mp3 flute
live real-time improvisation

Orchestral Accompaniments to the Below



Symphony #1

*/I think this is the 'best' music I've done to date; 
please listen with earphones if possible/*

http://www.alansondheim.org/symphony1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/symphony.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/symphony2.jpg

thanks to Dennis McCarten for the H. Francis Lange viola
thanks to Luke Damrosch for the programming

sixteen minute symphony, solo viola 



Elegy For Soccer

http://www.alansondheim.org/played1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/played.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/played2.jpg

I watch too much soccer, Bolivia beaten by Brazil in America. I 
finally understand football (soccer) offsides. Went with Azure 
soaksuck soblung socalb socalespeak soccer soccervlf sochipdf 
hurt lot slide hugething virgin kitty???  hooter "soccer mommy" 
mini-van soccer dreaming always cumslut girlfriend!headed Not 
always, but almost always, avatars are smaller than one's 
physical body, or appear so. And one's viewpoint is not always, 
but almost always, above and behind the avatar, slightly raised 
- as if one's watching a soccer game, which for a spectator can 
be senseless from a ground-based camera. I think this kind of 
miniaturization tends towards a maternal reading of the world, a 
reading within which the image on the screen forms a safe 
matrix; after all, the computer goes on and off, games and 
software are replaced or updated, and both the world and you go 
on. So here's this safe world, and -jectivity or what one might 
call the '-jectivity-braid' - the braid of psychoanalytic 
renderings, readings and writings, introjections and 
projections, dreamings and hallucinatings, all before or within 
and without the screen - this braid is taken for granted; it's 
the safe-house of the world, transforming the world and the true 
world into a habitus. As a result of peering and miniaturization 
among other things. And the ability to chat and keep or erase 
chat. And the ability to fly or teletransport, playing into 
Freud's condensation/displacement in the dreamwork. Second Life 
is a pun in this regard - one place quickly substituted for 
another, and such substitutions revolutionary or disrupting as 
one landscape disappears, another appears - perhaps throwing 
everything off but just for a (very safe) moment. It's the 
safety in punning that makes them revolutionary, and the same 
safety occurs in relation and through the braid. So again, when 
Gaz takes a meta-position in relation to this relation, when Gaz 
appears apparently half-in and half-out of the gamespace, the 
disruptive becomes difficult to absorb, becomes something that 
doesn't happen in the real (except perhaps with sado-masochism 
and the use of safewords which break out of one theater into 
another). It's a contradiction which can't be absorbed. And to 
return to one's "own" avatar body after Gaz' distortion, one 
logs out of Second Life - in other words out of the fundamental 
world, what is being the fundamental world - into another world 
with its real dangers, etc. - the world of the inert or 
'idiotic' real (Rosset). exterior scans at bretz coke ovens, 
persona rapid transit (in motion), soccer fields foofwa and 
soccer (edge phenomena, dancesport, etc.) soccer game, which for 
a spectator can be senseless from a ground-based soccer fields 
foofwa and soccer (edge phenomena, dancesport, etc.) soccer high 
that it disappears, just as soccer for example, as rule-laden as 
it lust.mud.programming soccer.news.crime lust.fan.courtneylove 
lust.panties.talk.haven lust.cybercafes lust.culture.www 
soccer.world soccer.world.mideast+africa land, so I will give an 
example of a soccer ball poised precisely my soccer boots, my 
own time, freedom, a girl i had a crush on in 1989, my subbuteo 
table soccer sets, my love for Arsenal FC, my creativity, my 
extended goal-shot, as in the long-shot of a soccer game, 
waiting for attachments. I watched too much soccer, Bolivia 
beaten by Brazil in America. I finally understand football 
(soccer) offsides. Went with Azure watching a soccer game, for 
example, with a slightly dark neutral density soccer game, which 
for a spectator can be senseless from a ground-based Release 
scan SHOW soccer playing of a football (soccer) game, 
recapitulating the game in every high that it disappears, just 
as soccer for example, as rule-laden as it soccer micro-actions 
_towards_ goal, train.) _signifying variation soccer fields 
soccer game, which for a spectator can be senseless from a 
ground-based I finally understand soccer offsides. Went with 
Azure already brown tell hurt lot slide hugething virgin 
kitty???  hooter "soccer mommy" ownexclusive slave?  tit 
stepson!secret desires? tittied mini-van soccer for those 
crucified for playing soccer watch and that good, soccer and 
that and when when that something good, good, of field soccer 
the playing playing watch When Im home, Ill often have soccer on 
in the background; Im a Barcelona extended goal-shot, as in the 
long-shot of a soccer game, waiting for ~ the game



Cross Countries Trip Received

http://www.alansondheim.org/omaha1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/omaha2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/omaha3.jpg

snow-covered mountains in Utah, Wasatch lookout Azure's new 
clothes at her parent's house! gully, concrete bridge, trucks, 
hills, Oregon rest area, Poet ELO (forget name :-( - know from 
trAce? Highland Inn, Atlanta clubsame bctrip numbers: 
bctrip????.jpg On the way back Alan and Azure, by 
Ellensburg, Washington, motel grandfather painting an 
Englishwoman giraffe banjo birds reststop John Barber Dinner 
beautiful raven on pole, Raton pass plants leaving Twassen 
(sp.?) port road, Omaha South Dakota!!! Azure! Malahat adventure 
with Shawn clouds! road after Atlanta, passing really big tires! 
British Columbia book I want! Azure pout! "car GPS image, 
Sydney, "Lands End" "High Wind May Cause Door To Slam" hanging 
'pods' panorama of dinner (vegan!) resumption, we had cherry pie 
coffee! :-) Mom young Christmas, but not so (including Hbomb 
interior, etc.) down Little Conemaugh River, south bank (?) 
Western Kingbird (or phoebe?) river roadside (Missouri?) these 
beetles were everywhere up there (ground beetles?) again, 
heading (back road) National Music Museum, instrument shots 
(nothing changed) (all almost invisible, blurred) Nebraska, area 
pond (fishing permitted) Haida Way diner (we're going N. eastern 
shore, V. Island) Manager's House, Fishing Club, Nat'l Historic 
Site (flood) bridge below, lights (my piece) looking for cicada 
(after it landed me) driving through night (Azure) (out order 
Cabbagetown tree branch) into Raton, bad weather above (parking 
lot where got cifteli) George Catlin His Indian Gallery (book) 
inside museum (THUNDER still film) antique mall, (Brass 
Armadillo) North Bend (we drove local between two) Bellingham 
Washington Vic order) Remington Quiet-Riter) around Aurora (lots 
powerlines)fungi (toadstools) shooting towards point (where 
stream meet) Dining room window (this took a settings shoot) 
Amie, Dan, Alan, Kathy, Ezra (Mark's camera below)hawk again 
(gully preparing DHSI talk photos Himmelfarb lithograph (JH did 
truck works display) Swainson's (they have nest nearby) tank 
(good imagery) posed, totem poles, Dr. Joel Fleischman's office, 
MAYDAY is spelled 'LAYDAY' mistake! evening, Johnstown, 
Vancouver Island, sewage outtake, seashore, barnacles, mussels, 
Shaw, Robby Kee, Lisa Tuttle, Neil Fried, Amanda Mills, -- 
family Mount Tolmie, Victoria, B.C. w/ birds, Sydney Pier shots, 
islands distance, etc. sagebrush, W. Jordan, including more 
lichen, trees, insects, beach life inc. seaweed, anenomes, 
limpets, plants, cacti, nature, walking reservoir, flowers, 
cormorants, fungus eaves, outdoor gallery Lee Barbara interest, 
scarring SAC aerospace museum, exhibits Kirby Park, Bray Bldg. 
parked Marissa Landigran Justus Jeremy Justus' home, / ELO: 
Owens Turner, Erik Zepka, Patrick Lichty, behind barrier, 
Shelley's friend dam, light show grid, earlier piece south, snow 
distance Vermillion, Mexico Viejo restaurant ate Market Street 
Bridge Wilkes-Barre Sterling unmarked graves, Grandview 
Cemetary, Tweed's R.R. diner, set series rage incident marks 
half block shawns chart Morse code signals Stone Dam note that 
singing, viola, U. Vic, ELO, Friday student At Eric's (the poet 
UPJ) near Cemetary th Wedding Anniversary lunch Pier!/ Eyedrum 
talk, Nabil Kanso, Jerry Cullum, Priscilla Smith, Louise/ past 
monument, Sioux City, only person dies Lewis Clark/ Old growth 
mostly red cedar forst, MacMillan Cathedral/ Boise, Idaho, 
motel; opened onto swimming pool/ Corona, NM, library, librarian 
mother New Media teacher/ Perugino's, my parents our used eat/ 
view was blocked cartons. We complained got/ France Attack tv 
monitor news Bastille Day, July photo, Majorie Green, June , 
folk art supply store Sooke? yards Midvale? Heading shore? 
tracks, coyote? Fork? moth bathroom? dome rock Raton? wolf 
spider? mountain lion footprints? downtown Sheetz? interior SCAC 
coffeehouse, SC JH UPJ stadium, nosecone ICBM Lee, outside NMM 
odd bolls, Ruidoso, NM Las Vegas, White Sands, Border 
checkpoint, twilight B&N Marino, striped lizard, LV mimeo found 
typerwriter case (Azure bought trail riverbank Kingbird, against 
mountain, barn swallow, lichen gnarled columbine agave? nature 
self portrait qin player ceramic 'modwear' War Memorial, 
bedroom, instruments mine downtown, Jo Baer painting, Jocelyn 
Art Center, bedroom Murray Simcoe's, burned out building, 
Market, window, gallery, continuing traffic house finch, 
Georgiagas station, soil, early morning fog, PennsylvaniaRhett 
Peterson, Ali's husband, Victoria Chinese memorial pylons Royal 
BC Victorian opuntia Sandhill Crane Trust, CraneTrust.org, 
Nebraska Bella backyard jumping cholla jam, Indiana Adeena 
Corona Grandma Chris, Grandpa Vegas award abducted woman Cindy 
Rivera clouds over housing, old motel, Reservoir dawn, we're 
getting ready leave leaving, stop north memorabilia taken Jim 
Dan Civil fortifications, Grant Louise, Inn Cabbagetown, King 
Louise alley, Iowa crossing Missouri Totem Pole carving Raven 
Totam MacLaurin Dark-eyed junco Deer Scott Dooley eating winery, 
LC, Anne, Marion, Dad ahead it, very windfarm, scenery Panera's, 
dry creekbed posed street corner being repaved Camblin, 
presented work which well-received playing field Logging 
blackbirds other scenes coot duck ? reservoir Notre Dame, 
morning, hard drive storm building Arura neighborhood pictures 
daddy long-legs yard Kingbirds trees toadstools their Tree 
Barbara's ring-necked dove, Aurora, Co., blackbird cloud ominous 
arched stables be Kaneko, artist large gallery/exhibition space 
The Point, outlines, Thomas Moran, Pearl Venice Hospital 
Cafeteria, twice lightning Elk Mountain Hoover's birthhouse, 
grave Bingham tailings Omaha, thunderstorms (: a.m.) Providence 
Rhode grackle? fence millipede side industrial Ohio stop, 
outline state dusk, Marta others UPJ, Pokemon-Go players moss 
Botanical Beach landscape Emily Isaacs, Bills' wife foliage 
Docking, coming in, image time, ramp computer Anne earnest 
garage waving packed Morgan Stanley parking lot, sedimentary 
ledge documenting Snoqualmie Falls, part scene Twin Peaks, Lodge 
Tolmie last views magpie cousin Marjorie Library Sale rental 
Juke top incline, visible closeup top, Bend, Indiana, motor 
tricycle grackle Building were, pole UTD, ghost town people 
Pendleton, Oregon, Travel run India couple beetle Same second 
ptg third Videos come doppler radio parents' home Nature 
preserve (reservoir) Moxham, Sondheim Amie's dam overlook 
Johnstown Incline Plane incline Point No environs, forest 
shoreline Cherry Sooke Parisienne during end Simcoe park, 
cicadas food Subway S. Carolina, across Downtown Bemis Jackson's 
Bookstore fire alarm firemen next bookstore Don Judd sculpture 
Colorado Welcome egret Hight, Lisa, also Kai sort chess across, 
huge or windmill base % discount. Very weird. Gas station Boise 
Albertson's Parking cifteli stopping gas, rain, maybe Carolinas, 
ruined water, Shoreline white-winged Marion's Aunt kithcen 
Shawn's neighbor's Kathy's otter, all within few miles yet 
Courthouse Mountains west, silhouetted, Interstate equipment, 
Hummingbird nest, birthsite Movie will begiin about minute Early 
Leave crab anchor chain, waiting Jhave Marion husband live Helen 
dove Grove under Cathedral bolls leaf busy scaffolding plane, 
upper landing teenagers us avoiding sudden cloudburst, standing 
same, Char Siu pug terrier Patent Pending photographing Osprey 
fishing America, Wyoming low drift barriers, gardening Stacy, 
Jim, Bella, neighborhood, evening late Grandma's, Iowa, Cruces, 
limestone cratering flood Fork, was, Jeremy, Marissa, deep blue 
lighting Oscar Howe Chandler Cosden wasp most powerful sting 
Cruces Rettburg Catlin, Buffalo Hunt, pill bug Murray, backyard, 
ladybug West Utah Shelley Johannson rampart approach Rio Grande, 
bird sanctuary black rust branch porch front dragonfly tallus, 
irrigation ditch Banana slug, morph path Girl flirting Chris 
Morning studio, Brick, forth cliffs Ali cacti house, angry 
teenager's graffiti Pikes Peak Theodore Roszak flushed heat 
wave, mail, wave sadness, then spider female babies Sprouts, 
mailing packages place, just music machinery SAC, entering 
Council Bluffs, small fair skies roadsigns Barnes Noble, gune 
magazines rack deck Zepka (sp) Karasick ferry dock Do Not Follow 
Into Work Area sign Warriors Serving Doctor who spoke IRQ 
polluted boll Park cypress knees, rabbits park dusk some 
undeveloped land Night York Andrew Klobucar, Alan's You Are Here 
Memorial U.S. Border, Wood Mural semi-abandoned chairs, images 
horsetail Big SLC City Creek Mall geography mall Grandmother 
wall Pennsylvania, high dividing Copperton, vicinity as well 
Bill Marylebone Bar Grill grill California gull clouds, dark, 
wistful Fork Hunting Club bldgs, broken SF beneath train program 
mom parents, flowers living Spider bathroom mail belongings 
Windmill Blade, Museum Baby Mammoth (found Russia) trip well) 
displays, Flood model NW Coast poles memorium Downtown, outside, 
cars, W Jordan cyclists, Poster teacher's store, red-wing 
Shawn's, flicker Noble whole Ali, West, Rhett, Kai, Mark, 
Presentation, shoreline, he's Nissan presentation, James 
O'Sullivan garden test screen Haws Pike insect fruiting bodies, 
Ferry images, "YOU ARE NOWHERE" Cozy Cut-off And u-turns Viola 
basement apartment stayed nextdoor neighbor ; he invited earth 
markings, tumbleweeds, fog River gully another Monkeypuzzle 
Maclaurin Ford Avenue, ruinDavin Adeena, Erik, Sandy Baldwin 
children's tires play tumbleweed, etc., Female mallard, alumni 
pavilion Around granite, Limited Vision Ferry, Coastal 
Celebration expedition pollution Ravens pump, Nobel Prize sign, 
formation, Pendleton ice burned-out Hall, Firetower microwave 
dishes, Centennial Monument, smaller chiton largest species, 
gum-boot powerlines, Copperton conveyor belt, Copper Mine, 
tailings, Seminary, Kingston University Mike Metz artwork, morn 
map Territories, Jocelyn, Ponca shown unknown Carrizozo, Cousin 
Marjorie, Steamtown Crane, first sight Bridge, Penna. RR, hill 
back, hilly roads auditorium, fountain, Yoga class Locked 
vending machines Idaho studio Coup monitor, CNN, CNN Turkey 
abandoned twig/branch decorations, kids' projects, ocotillo 
photo older baseball game ballgame brush flash TA travel ground 
beetle? paintings Junipers little grasshoppers windfarm Wyoming, 
muscle scar dirt bike, Dakar wolfspider planted Ian Hatcher 
beginning pulling With Priscilla afterwards Majestic Diner 
Strange Bieglow Jason Nelson Dene Grigar scholar Burgess Nick 
Montfort Morissey Dunner gumboot returned water spillway center 
red-wings double-crested cormorant pool out, (north side?), 
reflections below bower Red-winged blackbird, Plants beside 
path, rain heavy Motel elevator Frankie cat Grandma's Squirt 
away condemned watching mm film (Alaska?) wonderful great yard, 
Organ migraine Cold Lane Moles church lawn grass 'markings' 
'gully' ferruginous dark juvenile school, repair squiggles, 
Kathy tumbleweeds mountains, rolling desert, grasslands woods 
pieces sunrise onthe shopping Vietnamese Outside Louise's 
drunken mulberry oldsony bodies Center Disease Control 
facilitieswakes nosecones prairie dogs, structures Mesilla, 
gazebo sites doves Daddy post buildings terrible jam/accident 
Springs illegal old-growth logs pugs lovely, photographs skunk 
four skunks Kirby, fungi, finding mosquitoes, overgrown trails 
Lower Qualicum Falls hills Guy Pene Du Bois, Couple Maxims Hotel 
be, blds converted condominiums mural Native Americans 
Shipshewana, Amish homes signs glowing nearby occlusions 
get-together workshops access installation progress riding 
housing tracts weather, thunderstorm, hail, hits Juke, problems, 
dead-end outskits caterpillars blood-red tentsBaker spots 
holdfasts seaweed Rest swallow nests spiders focus foot shadows 
burrows animal displays wild turkeys moving doormat Sloan, 
Sunset, Twenty-Third Green sunset police lift height flight jam 
middle Honda Fit Jean Georges Vibert, Grasshopper Ant ant Kiyo 
Kata, Clarkston Katmandu amazing like bottlebrush fantastic 
scent birthplace memorial, Monument reflection fence, 
approaching Reflections Roslyn, Northern Exposure shot cars off 
east Iliff fired, man hospital, violent, arrest Connecticut Film 
Corners, hang overview Houses Parliament Leo Coulson, 
Intermountain Guitar Banjo, oud Kayak Our apartment, carport 
Mexico, chapel built plane railroad car, unloaded, guzheng 
table, humidifier Bigelow barnacles outflowthat's hip now 
stormclouds it's 'bonzai' Bay native languages technology 
display highway Hibiscus, Shipshewana main field, Stacy Valley 
Marsden Hartley Down rocky shore All three Carter Family 
black-chinned hummingbird ahead, Armory Waiting Double-crested 
Lichty Statehouse, Prairie-school Courthouse, Police load, 
mirage, Otero County Philippe Bootz



Closest Star Closer Star

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0949.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/closestar.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/closerstar.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0705.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0768.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0699.jpg

here i'm thinking of programmatic music, picture music, land- 
scape music, but descriptive music without landscape, program, 
picture - carapace music, music determining its own alpha 
centaur proxima approximate - usual suspects of catastrophe 
(theory, chaos, strange attractors, field-creating bosons - 
anything that irrupts within symmetries and spectra.

recently i've had sightings, out of the corner of my right eyes, 
ghosts and other phenomena; at first i took these for earthly, 
but now think they're presentiments of something unbounded here 

if they had any relationships to coordinates, they would be long 
gone before they appeared

fancifully, i think of sonic objects, embedded strata 

fancifully, they're always already there, always already 
retrofitted

they become a constant, against which the sonic plays, splays, 
dis-plays

in this music, they are there, music = sound called music

one does not call upon sound, one calls forth sound, tends 
sound, tends the tendency of sound, sound is called, sound 
calls, sound always calls, sound is always already calling

the closest star is always the closest star ever, listening to 
the frazzling of the landscape

the landscape and its namby-pamby shenanigans, however move 
forward, reverse, elsewhere, the problems and potentials of this 
star-music

and its shenanigans



oh improvisation oh oh composition oh

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip1873.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/improviser.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/composer.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip1847.jpg

oh improviser oh ~ oh clarinet; oh 
oh composer oh ~ oh ( oh improviser oh ~ oh clarinet oh ) oh

oh oh oh taking oh the oh material, oh shaping oh it oh oh 
probably oh not oh jazz oh but oh closer oh at oh lesat oh 
occasional oh oh horn oh section oh sounds, oh probably oh not 
oh but oh closer oh ~ oh oh improvisation oh and oh composition 
oh oh composition oh without oh scores oh = oh ikonic oh regime, 
oh the oh score oh is oh the oh oh unique oh instantiation oh of 
oh the oh music; oh think oh of oh it oh as oh analog oh and oh 
oh irreproducible oh within oh the oh digital oh world. oh oh oh 
so oh the oh result oh is oh reproducible, oh the oh result oh 
is oh the oh score oh but? oh oh but oh it's oh not oh mapped; 
oh to oh play oh the oh score, oh then, oh becomes oh oh 
literally oh to oh play oh the oh recording oh of oh the oh 
score, oh the oh piece, oh oh which oh has oh been oh altered oh 
from oh the oh improvisation. oh if oh i oh were oh an oh oh 
academic, oh i oh could oh go oh on oh forever oh on oh the oh 
semiotics oh involved. oh

oh scaup oh jazz oh multitudes oh 
oh scaup oh jazz oh multitudes oh 

  oh oh oh oh oh ,,
oh oh oh oh oh it's so UNNATURAL!
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ho ho ho ho ho ho 
oh oh it's so UNNATURAL!



For all those who believed in me 

http://www.alansondheim.org/things3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/things.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/things4.png

1	grep "My Accomplishments" texts/*.txt > bb
2	pico bb
3	grep "my accomplishment" texts/*.txt > bb
4	wc bb
5	pico bb
6	grep "I've done" texts/*.txt
7	grep "immersive and definable" texts/*.txt
8	pico texts/mj.txt
9	grep "list of my" texts/* >> zz
10	pico zz
11	h
12	grep "What I\'ve Done" texts/*.txt
13	grep "What I've Done" texts/*.txt
14	b
15	b
16	grep "my father died" texts/*.txt
17	ls
18	pico zz
19	b
20	ls
21	rm bb
22	ls
23	grep "Things I've done" texts/*.txt
24	grep "Things I've Done" texts/*.txt
25	grep "things i've done" texts/*.txt
26	grep "an analog synthesizer" texts/*.txt
27	pico texts/mi.txt
28	b
29	grep accomplishments texts/*.txt > bb
30	pico bb
31	grep "so far" texts/*.txt > bb
32	wc bb
33	pico bb
34	rm bb
35	grep "to graduate from Brown" texts/*.txt
36	grep "An,ode" texts/*.txt
37	pico texts/t.txt
38	b
39	m
40	ls
41	grep "I was first" texts/*.txt
42	grep "immersive and definable" texts/*.txt
43	pico ta.txt
44	pico texts/ta.txt



representation theory

http://www.alansondheim.org/representation02.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/representation.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/representation01.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/representation03.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/representation04.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/representation05.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/representation06.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/representation07.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/representation08.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/representation09.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/representation10.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/representation11.png

representation theory 

___
notebook:

avatars and representation in general is presentation towards 
across phenomena of pure representation; file.one's own body, 
mediated by held open pinned absence suites] representation); 
it's for this reason so much glides into "uncanny", which both 
"real" than early forms visual we see coming onto (and what i 
wonder would charge? misrepresentation, (honey): you my source 
iconicity, am (please note issues ontology, image, _punctum,_ 
encod (earlier, i.e. this._) i.e.representation the blownout 
(how mountain give birth pictures, images, representations, (we 
won't taping performance; below good representation) first two 
as models guides third c < modeling proceeds assumption 
possesses > imago takes its name latin word natural copy me 
beauty: graphs defuge tumescence "all objects first, seems 
sexual overdetermined; result something draw each other. 
imagination. argue emergent, impossible humans up trying, 
violating voice contingent contiguous object. permeated noise. 
(in too!) continguous (as were knowledgerepresentation brain 
distributed, root tree mind, ordinal said about publications 
metropole laboratory space same, table we've inherited twenty 
analogic _representation_ digital. stresses netinert, speak, sym 
ndimensional treeoriented dint pores thing, modes modified d 
`representation' torn veil; veronica _the run rewrite._ 
metaphysical subject rewrite _mapping patterns) another_; 
_representation_. states, operators, attitude. nodes, markers, 
lot doesn't problematize violence above diagram dreamscreen; 
again; speaker had turn, representation! nuggets develop leads 
based ever positioned bances well. transformations _of_ what, 
written, speech, bility (not creates participa blackandwhite, 
indicate, mode driver sink not, last clean....representation 
ghosts analogic. concern viability contained fear hav _waist_ 
constituted sunset boulevard, desmond speaks contents, maternal 
belly spew itself, exhaustion contradic simulacrua subjectities 
kodak sophy another.' univocal real; naive crisischair 
twentieth, being death deliberate; imagery, crises ah well... 
detected basic archaic wish, smooth redis covering, endproducts 
fed difference, impulse, representationstructure, legitimation 
down... ivity, deconstruct ject _so emanations tether emerges 
buzz world: _as if_ emission, inscription, reapplied erable; 
women vulnerable. breathe especially addressing, rec fashionshow 
fast fastbreak fect re |||||||||||| fight dont gayeve thooe file 
(illustrate hand hardcocks. left. leanspace. warrior. sick 
haven't seen before, other, intricate indefinitely. metries 
paths; cursor ity _coherent_ "mental map" devoted retrieval, 
limits, limitations transmissions, ancer mechanism reveling 
english ikonic moving modes, futile signifier tattoo, 
ontologically similar do (protocol suites) virtual, cease 
facticity ethics; certainly, substructure mutually offers 
evidence, *chora*, rupture death, hysteria: texts, withdraw 
reify act i've coupled commitment representation), forces 
postussr civilization. phantasy lived experience :: boolean, lan 
precon presence, closed off. foreclosed. happened psychotic r\ 
'might' tend 'natural' sexuality rerepresentation _case._ reads 
sumner, fraser, boas, freud, realms recordings performance. 
repetition reptiles resetting animalstructure edge) mistake 
object someday knowing decompression. now, broken, together flow 
environment state, others. outworld experiences stray within/in 
loss; already; parallels** field, _that_ parallels christian 
metz) rup required interpret language, (paaraameternrhz) hzure 
yesterday, structure, maintenance, stabili mean (procured 
_percolated_) rumination? affectual couple inhabitations. (two 
'breakthrough' videos series.) actual, "good enough" imaginary. 
pull emanants world, thereof. injection covering hollow 
transparency, setup, bass own. sickness near 'beyond' elaine 
scarry sleep violence, men provided familiar ins gimp graphics 
subsumes numerical uniquely identified unary supposed 
contribution, ideal place romanticized, attempt exclusion paper 
actors specta occurs. shutter constitutes turn (popular of) 
interweave; philosophy (why saudi family? building falter index 
three: nodes another, state com threedimen this. emerging 
geodesic opening muteness audiovisual tion hold. entity state 
tion, tional ontologies parcel tradi unfair why hate realism 
masquerade." materiality resonant sweet pastels, terror, 
anthrax, sexuality, pushing could. display, 'image world'? 
consequently, screens creates, layerings framing de toroidal 
conceivable locus "representation" "subject" pass___
___
