


Cybercafe


Thinking about the uses of Cybercafes - and trying to figure out why one
would ever go to a place like this (I'm at one now), I've come up with a
few categories of users (and I'm getting paid for that matter for consul-
ting so I've been trying to think this through) -

1. The Social or New user - this person would automatically head towards 
the Web, since it provides the most "punch" for the least amount of time 
and expertise.

2. The Researcher - would probably spend a fair amount of time with 
Gopher and FTP, at the last - possibly Archie if it's available. (There 
is a question whether or not gopher sites are being maintained - if 
anyone has hard knowledge about this, please let me know!) -

3. Email Checking - using the cybercafe's own email for outgoing, and/or 
using telnet to check one's own account elsewhere. Obviously a difficulty 
with AOL, etc.

4. Dedicated User - using telnet with other ports for chat, MUD, MOO, 
etc. Chat is popular among new users, but generally on AOL or other 
closed services; it would take a dedicated user to come into a cybercafe 
in order to log on.

5. Speeders - since this cafe, like others, has high-speed lines, it 
makes sense to come in and use the Web - considerable time is saved.

6. Finally, experimenters who want to try out Iphone, VDOL, Xing, and 
other audio/video technologies.

(Note that _none_ of these reflect the 18th-century coffeehouse, for exam-
ple; the nearest is category #4, but here, the terminal is a stand-in for
the user's usual access. To this day, I have no idea how well cybercafes
in general are doing; ultimately I'd think they would want to combine
social in-house activities (such as Internet demonstrations, fleshmeets)
with extended Net capabilities - I dream of monster machines running at
300 megahertz with gigabyte hard-drives, 100k RAM...)

