

"No"
No, there have been no replies, but I really mean this - kill me and get
my quota/software/texts. What else is there to do with them? Disk space
ought to be worth something, especially organized disk space. You get a
french translation program (really!) fractal stuff that everyone loves, my
own bleak graphics, my text-substance which should be good enough to wipe
the sweat from your perineum after a good bout of sex labor, labored sex
(think of it like a disease or body-gone-bad, those odors that you just
can't get rid of, that advertise your holes and organs to the world) -
then there's some letters, reminiscences, but they're not holographic, no
signatures, few .sigs, so anyone can in fact duplicate them - forget them
for the cash value, but there might be something worthwhile reading -
again let's look at the quota - I'm on the QRB over at PMC2 - you can have
my position - I think I even have a programming bit, haven't used it -
make something, no one will care - there's about 32k left - I work small -
you can in fact recycle anything you want - I'm Alan on the MOO so the
only thing you'll need is the password. The same's true of Media MOO
except no one even know's I'm there, I fly in and out like an arrow on
fire like sheet lightning like a species gone bad - I would have thought
this would all have been worth _something_ - I mean I'm co-moderator for
God's sake - doesn't that count, ah the Power! Power! - willing to give
that all up - an easy death - one hardly missed - you'll take on my name
if you want - you might have done this already - note any differences
stylistically? - I'd think the number of dashes might give it away (I'm
not Emily Dickinson to be sure) - as I said/he said a while ago - you
don't know me - quota for sale quota for sale - texts and software too -
"Alan" 
