
-


Two Quotes

1. "More than half of all black males between twenty-five and thirty-four
are jobless or 'underemployed.' Other social indices are equally discour-
aging: In 1993, 2.3 million black men were sent to jail or prison while
23,000 received a college diploma--a ratio of a hundred to one. (The ratio
for whites was six to one.) And the plight of the black poor is even more
alarming if you look not just at household earnings but at assets. The
poorest fifth of whites have a median net worth of ten thousand dollars; 
the median net worth of their black counterparts is...zero." (Henry Louis
Gates, Jr., in Gates and West, The Future of the Race)

2. ... "cyberspace, which is merely a literal expression of the situation
of the individual in contemporary society, and more specifically of busi-
ness people and their camp followers (from engineers to intellectuals)
spinning universalizing fantasies out of their desire to ride the next
commercial wave. This wondrous but specious technology threatens to act as
another curtain between those who consume it and the condition of the
world: as the poor are excluded from cyberspace, and will appear on it
only as objects, never as subjects with their own voices, there is a
danger that they recede even further from the consciousness of the comfor-
table. As the real world is left to decline, the air once again becomes
full of phantoms, this time digital, promising at the last moment to pluck
utopia from apocalypse." (Julian Stallabrass, Gargantua, Manufactured
Mass Culture.)

2(1), 1(2)

