
-


Writing Mass


At the exhibition of Chinese art at the Metropolitan at four or five in
the afternoon - the scroll that attracted the most attention was colorful,
filled with battle scenes, marching soldiers, horses - what I'm trying to
say, filling this space itself, is that there was/is a horror vacua at
work here, as in Pascal, as has been pointed out, as is evident, as if:
that it were a particular Western response that sends vectors out into the
world, that the response was conditioned as well by the void evident in,
say, the Sung paintings or Ma Yuan - that these works were considerably
less attended, so that when for example one considers that community
arises in _any_ technological niche in which communication is possible, or
that when for example one in addition insists that capital locates itself
within each and every such niche, then for example one has discerned in
relation to the Chinese exhibition a characteristic of the Occident, this
necessity of fulfillment - no wonder Mary were a virgin, sutured shut,
held taut, in which the void is encased _and by virtue of that transformed
into a void,_ which is the void from which the Chinese exhibition is real-
ized for Western subjectivity, a return therefore to content and color, a
return therefore to the _display_ or _spectacle_ of that particular
scroll, a return therefore to the illustrative itself, careful delinea-
tion, at the exhibition of Chinese art at the Metropolitan at four or five
in the afternoon. 


