


They Don't 

Returning from Columbus, I find my fingers no longer obeying me on the
keyboard, returning over and over again to a re-interpretation of the same
word, almost obsessive behavior, stuttering, caught at particular points
as if "for no reason," "no conscious reason." The emerging tiny deaths
reflect my descent again into depression, the fact that these texts are
basically unrecognized, stillborn, that the labor involved in their pro-
duction is mostly useless, that they're becoming a form of shit or less
fertilizing debris. 

It's a constancy among them that exhausts me (as I watch literally my life
appear to slip away), the need to keep producing, not only as a result of
my own neuroses, but also as a consequence of cyberspace itself - if I
don't speak, I'm dead, and if I do speak, I'm dying. 

Information appears here at such a high rate of speed that there's no time
to absorb anything. I need to have you feel the weight of a book in your
hands, _my book,_ culled from these texts - something that will never hap-
pen. 

My writing's half-academic, half wild theory, and there's no room anywhere
for it, publishing house or other/wise. This is what is known as "whine."
It's difficult to imagine working for hours through a text, transforming
it into spit packets drying up in a few inboxes, disappearing forever. 

I need to place before you another form of death or epitaph, my .sig, also
subject to easy disappearance: 

 <> <>  <>    <>       <>                <>                          <>

    http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html
          images at http://www.cs.unca.edu/~davidson/pix/ 
                         .sigless in Gaza

So that the brackets implicate the spew right from the beginning; what's 
there falls off the page. So that .sigless implies blinded in the midst 
of demarcation.

Here, presence is ugly, a form of upgrading or continuous advertising. 
Here, I force myself upon you until you leave. Here, my face shatters
mirrors. Here, I dream of _this_ body sutured back in upon itself, a Klein
bottle with no more inaccessible interior. Here, I place my "whine" as
slogan already overused. Here, I parade my knowledge, increasingly at a
loss as my fingers refuse to obey. Here, I find my tinnitus steadily grow-
ing in volume; as they say, I _take chances._

I want you drug.
I want you drug.

Here, I write into the dream screen of no one's absent body, annihilation 
to the limit, violation fabric to the winds.

