


Other contributory factors (in outline form):

1. Lag. Lag robs one of one's speech, displaces one, even in terms of 
intention. The words refuse to come; the words are still performative, 
however: there is nothing else. Lag increases tension, cretes anxiety on 
both sides in synchronous communication. In any communication, it breaks 
thought apart; one is in a state of simultaneously thinking-through a 
subject and attending expressivity itself.

2. Strangers, utter strangers, strangers who utter. (Re: _uttar_ in Hit-
tite - see Simmel on the stranger as well.) One is face to face with
someone nameless who may be aggressive, a threat. There is no responsi-
bility apparent to anonymous and violent text, to spam. With double blinds
and hacked addresses, one is left helpless, confronted by language turned
against oneself. 

3. Desire. Desire knows no bounds in cyberspace; the unconscious wells up
(see the material on Net sex in the Internet Text), bringing archaic ac-
tions, thoughts, and performatives forward. And performative speech itself
is a form of magic through the utterance or spell. The text of desire is 
always augmented by others; any response plays into or across, transgres- 
ses, the ascii unconscious.

Desire rises to the surface as an utterance to unknown strangers; lag 
becomes delay, deferral, a form of seduction itself. Everything plays 
into everything else, and the self, which in real life protects itself by 
speech, suddenly finds its own speech getting away from it, centrifugal.

(It is as I said in relation to Net sex: In real life, one begins with 
the imaginary, presenting the symbolic parole as explanatory prosthesis 
accompanied by gesture, tone, etc. In cyberspace, one constructs the 
imaginary from the symbolic; words become untethered, and what returns to 
the self has always already undergone irrevocable translation.)


