



What Makes Me Beautiful


When you program you begin the world. That's the beginning and ending of 
power - this world. If you don't understand it, you don't understand 
_anything._ 

The world you program is text and very exact and just like early Wittgen- 
stein, a world of crystals. One false move and you're dead!

But where else does language translate or compile so easily into _com-
mands?_ Where else do you have absolute control over destiny? Like those
early video games, whatever you do gives back an absolute reflection -
unlike those early games, what you do has often _neve been done before,_
with just a few lines of code. 

It's yours yours yours, no matter who uses it! There's never been such a 
complete and satisfying sense of possession! You can carry it around with 
you, this knowledge, and no one can take it away.

Someday you write something or make something, and somewhere, across the
planet, as far as you can go, a person responds or maybe uses what you've
made. And there's no greater satisfaction - you're sitting at your machine
in front of you bed, and everything you've done is working perfectly and 
invisibly and you don't even know what the person looks like or even 
whether he's a he or she. There's never been amazement like this on the 
planet.

Once I was driving across the United States of America and I was in the 
Southwest somewhere and turned the radio on and there was my music coming 
over it, and I knew that all types were hearing it just like I was. 
Nothing could be better, not knowing or meeting them, but knowing they 
were hearing the results of the movements of your hands, fingers, arms, 
breath. You feel your body spread out everywhere across the desert, you 
hear yourself growing out of the heat.


