



thoughtless

tomorrow, this morning, in eight hours, deliving a paper at this confer-
ence; Laurie, Radhika,Shawn, Lisa, Robyn Warhol, Charlie Stivale, also
speaking, it's like "at this conference" or at that conference - here in
Ohio - on narrative - trying to figure in and totally thoughtless, figure
in Hittite, Juan Davila, Mandeville, Net sex, Francois Roustang, you can
see what a mess this is - can't for the life of me _stop_ at a particular
period - as I said once, here I go again, Michel Serres puts it the same
way in relation to Lucretius, one of my (also) favorite poets - because in
dealing with avatars, where's the stopping - or in the psychoanalytics of
text - language - Every utterance is a bit of the old unconscious - the
whole of life is based on the unutterable attempting to break through -
uttar, to cast a spell (Hittite) - there we are - even your limbs! mine
are dismembered (Lingis) - would very much like to say thank you to every-
one who has ever had sex with me - learned so much from you! heh! - I mean
I'm talking in six hours, sex hours, five hours, heh! - what's to be done
- but slides - Davila's paintings/pantings, tight pants! you never know -
I'm the only one awake in the entire building, why? WHY?! - it's like this
stillness, coldness in pre-Columbian night - must be to be reading #15 in
The Great Bear ("A Thematic Anthology of Oral Poetry in the Finno-Ugrian
Languages" - edited Honko, Timonen, Branch, Bosley) - channels are open:
Thinking so much is thinking not at all (Brenda Laurel's Computers as
Theater, I'm speaking scriptless, all that work by Roger Schank gone out
my Window /s 3.1) - can't stop the flood, can't stop the flow - sorry for
the litany, take it in stride -

