



Computer/Stage/Netsex/Natyasastra82-88:

On seeing it Brahma said to the rest of gods, "You ought to co-operate in
the protection of the playhouse in its several parts [and of the objects
relating to dramatic performance]: Candra (the moon-god) to protect the
main building; the Lokapalas (guardians of the worlds) its sides, the
Maruts its four corners, Varuna the space [within the building], Mitra the
tiring room, Agni the stage, clouds the musical instruments, deities of
four Colour-groups the pillars, the Adityas and the Rudras the space bet-
ween the pillars, the Bhutas (spirits) the railing [of seats = _dharani_],
the Apsarasas its rooms, the Yaksinis the entire house, the ocean-god the
ground, Yama the door, the two Naga kings (Ananta and Vasuki) the two
blades of the door (dvarapatra), the Rod of Yama the door-frame, [Sivas']
Pike the top of the door.

Computer/Stage/Netsex/Natyasastra88-93:

Niyati and Yama (_mrtyu_) were made two door-keepers, and the great Indra
himself stayed by the side of the stage. In the Mattavarani was placed
Lightning which was capable of killing Daityas, and the protection of its
pillars was entrusted to the very strong Bhutas, Yaksas Pisacas and Guhya-
kas. In the Jarjara was posted Thunder (vajra) the destroyer of Daityas,
and in its sections (_parva_) were stationed the best and powerful gods.
In the topmost section was placed Brahma, in the second Siva, in the third
Visnu, in the fourth Kartikeya and in the fifth great Nagas such as Sesa,
Vasuki and Taksaka." 

Computer/Stage/Netsex/Natyasastra111:

[Brahma speaking.] The drama as I have devised, is a mimicry of actions 
and conducts of people, which is rich in various emotions and which 
depicts different situations.

