
-


Tar: The Coupling


There's always the glut of compression, cvf closing the carapace, xvf
opening the flower. There's the darkness of the opening, blocks released
into the atmosphere of the home account, more branches on the tree de-
scending from the root, hung upside-down in the Unix sky. tvf gives pre-
view; I discovered it's _always_ necessary to give the paths of descent,
even if tar and .tar are cuddled adjacent to one another within the same
directory. 

What's clear is the _grinding_ of compression, tar working its way in the
verbose mode, turning modalities of behavior, ecstasy, knowledge, into
equivalent _stuff,_ the _matter_ of binaries, inscriptions scratched mom-
entarily on the surface of a neutron star. Tendrils expand; it's a matter
of electronic traffic. 

Tar is one of a number of programs; it actually doesn't compress so much
as append, concatenate, bundle - it's left to the others to complete the
job. But why complete? Tar carries worlds within it, huddled together,
splines in the matter of speech. Zipping the files, among other techni-
ques, shuts them up, closes them down. 

The expansion of tar is amazing, as files are released, thrown into di-
rectories that accompany them: the sudden appearance of a limb or bush-
attachment. Moving from the Linux machine to Solaris, the whole account
went into everything.tar, 30 megabytes in size, thrown across the lines
without loss. 

Ah, thus to draw the moral about the compression or concatenation of our
lives, huddled themselves beneath the sign of the singularity so far of
the body, no matter how distributed, and the proper name, no matter how
morphed. The future is pure liquidity, liquid-flesh, bone hung next to
bone next to tissue, organelle, everything conflated. I close my eyes and
conflation already rings in as the order of the day; I open them, and the
file is completed, hungered, ready for operation. 


