=

waver=control wander=dance

she's naked, like she's on drugs, she's standing or trying to stand, he's
coming out, he's naked, he's hardly in better shape, look at him, he's
lifting her, he's spreading her legs, they stumble, they're in a heap on
the floor, he's crawling away, she's going after him, she's turning him
over, she's opening him up, she crawls to her feet, he's stumbling about,
she's getting up, her mind's wandering around, she's swaying back and
forth, he's hardly standing, he's trying to lift her, she's grappling him,
she's starting to fall, she catches herself, he falls to the floor, she's
standing up, she's weaving and stumbling, he's crawling to his feet, he's
holding her open, she's falling on him, she's pulling at him, he's like
he's on drugs, she's looking at nothing, his mouth's hanging open, she's
spreading his legs, she's spreading her legs, she's pulling at him, she's
putting him in, he's crawling on her, she's turning over, she crawls to
her feet, he's stumbling about, she's weaving about, he's holding her
open, she's putting him in,

she's naked, like she's on caffeine, she's standing or starting to stand,
he's coming out, he's naked, he's totally in better shape, look at him,
he's lifting her, he's closing her legs, they stumble, they're in a heap
on the floor, he's walking away, she's going after him, she's turning him
over, she's opening him up, she walks to her feet, he's working and
sweating, she's getting up, her mind's clear as crystal, she's marching
back and forth, he's totally standing, he's starting to lift her, she's
rappling him, she's starting to jump, she catches herself, he jumps to
the floor, she's standing up, she's marching and stumbling, he's walking
to his feet, he's holding her open, she's jumping on him, she's speaking
to him, he's like he's on caffeine, she's looking at something, his
mouth's speaking clearly, she's closing his legs, she's closing her legs,
she's speaking to him, she's forcing him in her, he's walking on her,
she's turning over, she walks to her feet, he's working and sweating,
she's marching about, he's holding her open, she's forcing him in her,

